Look I am certainly not anyone to be calling the kettle black, but if your description is accurate then you and I already know that he is. I cant believe you are discussing the definition of alcoholism. To me that is avoidance of the issue. The one with the alcohol problem, is you not your husband. He wants to drink and he does. It is straight forward. You are left with the problem of his drinking, hence you have the alcohol problem because you are the one dealing with the direct repercussions of his actions. I would focus on how you can get yourself and your children to a safer place. In other words place your self in a position that whether he drinks or not does not personally effect you. Thats my take based on what you said. Good luck I realize I in no way know all the circumstances and that talk/advice is relatively easy compared to actually putting strategy into practice.
I dont think it matters if its physically or mentally, but addiction is addiction. If you keep feeling like you NEED to be drunk, then you should get some help.
Well....on 1 hand I can relate...I am a recovering addict,but on the other hand I was blessed to have not got caught being an active user while raising my 2 daughters(now fully grown).But the way I can relate? Is that I now attend a womans group for my own treatment for my opiate addiction,and in my womans group there are and have been many woman that are mandated(court ordered) to attend the same group I attend.But the sad part? The very sad part to my answer/story is...so many of the women..even the mandated women...quit coming to this womans group.They simply refuse any and all help thats available to them...they continue using,drinking or whatever the choice of drug was/is.They just dont care...they dont care or arent even the slighest bit embarrassed by the fact that they have lost their own kids to the court system.This 1 very young mother lost her young son because she decided to use cocaine for the very first time.And when she did....she ended up physically abusing her own mother,and her mother claimed that she also abused her young son.So,her mother ended up calling the police...and of course she lost her child through the courts,and was also mandated to attend our womans group..But she dropped out after 2 weeks(2 meetings,1 meeting per week).I cant say I lost my children the way you have nor do I understand how you feel.But at the same time....I do carry the guilt with me every single day,knowing that I was high while raising my kids.And that is something that will stay with me for a long time...even though my womans group is helping me realize that I was a totally different person back then...and under much different circumstances would have never exposed my children to that....But that reality of what I did will always linger in my mind....and somehow haunt me forever.I can also understand your frustration and resentment towards this woman...she is raising your child,and thats YOUR responsibility,not hers.Thats your child...NOT hers!! Yeah...I understand that...even though its never happened to me...I can understand your feelings.I would be angry and frustrated too..and a lot pi$$ed off too...Just keep doing your recovery and everything will work its way out and you will actually be a much better mother AND person for this experience.Trust me on that one! I know!!!
So your uncle is sharing your family home? He is obviously going through a male mid-life crisis, which is being flushed to the surface when he drinks. As you said, he is self-supporting and ok when he doesnt drink, so your family needs to get united in their resolve to deal with this...especially when his binges result in misbehavior for all to see and have to suffer through. Does he know what he is like when he drinks? Time for some fotos to show him later when he is sober. Your family needs to present him with an ultimatum...GET HELP or MOVE OUT! This is the only thing, (along with Ford Craneys suggestion,) thats going to bring about some change in your uncle. (God forbid that 25 year-old heroin-addicted stripper said YES to his approaches, in his attempts to prove to himself that he is still attractive to women.)
It`s natural for the child is an alcoholic to feel this way. Maybe you should think about talking to a school counselor about your feelings. When your mother consumes alcohol, she becomes abusive and unpredictable, so it`s completely normal that you experience discomfort around other drinkers as well. You need to talk to him about it. These feelings aren`t going to just go away. Tell him about your mother (if he does not already know) and tell him that his drinking sometimes makes you feel uncomfortable. Maybe you both can come up with a compromise. For example, when he is around you, he can only drink two drinks (and no more). Maybe you just need him to reassure you of his committment to you. I am sure he will understand, and if he does not, maybe he isn`t such a good boyfriend after all. I hope you can eventually find peace and understand that alcohol itself is not the enemy. Your mom is the person who hurt you, not the alcohol. Just becasue a person consumes alcohol does not mean they will hurt you or become addicted. Maybe you can show him the question you asked. Good luck. ~Ms. V~
Tommy is wrong and denial is common with substance abuse but a person who is not an addict would say the same thing. And the fact you are even considering the fact you may develop a problem is not exactly denial. The simple definition of alcoholism is continued drinking despite a maladaptive pattern of alcohol use leading to clinically significant impairment or distress. Basically to have a problem with alcohol or any other drug there must harm- if your drinking is not causing harm then you are not an alcoholic. Could you become an alcoholic- yes and so can most people. It is also common for people in university (which is where I assume you are) to drink heavily. You might ask yourself why "drinking" is one of your top two priorities, is it for your family, to fit in, because you enjoy alcohol, or something else? Also if you notice that alcohol has become your only priority then you really are at significant risk. I would say it is smart to watch your drinking and try cutting back and see what happens.
I think your larger concern would be how to get clean? The amount of damage you have done to your body is repairable. You have a physical and mental addiction now . . after you have sobered up . . you will need a fair amount of time getting your mind healthy if you can. Most alcoholics and addicts Ive known over the years fall off the wagon more than once. But dont give up on yourself. You can beat it. You may have a checkered life . . but better checkered . . than drunk and down and out for most of the time. May I suggest you seek help. You will most likely need it my friend
none
North Dakota
i agree but God aLREADY prohibited alcohol in the Torah, Gospels, AND the Quran but people ignore God n wat he says
There are HEAPS of reasons, people may not like their life or think its boring and nothing much is going to get any better so they might as well drink, it can be to look cool or to escape all your fears or problems, may be a one time from being pressured and you feel addicted. Or to pass the time .Though what I was taught, wine was to be enjoyed with food, you drink not to get drunk, OH thats another reason, I know these stupid boys who do it to get drunk because they think its fun not knowing what happened
im not quite sure either but this is interesting.. when you say "we" i hope you mean your bf too cause his support in this is very important. it would be bad for your child to be exposed to drugs and alcohol, and its your child not his. i would think you would win the case (and if he was drunk when he told you about court, id say its more of the beer talking than him.) i hope it all turns out good! best of luck to you:)
Yes, there is a good chance that you could inherit a tendency towards alcoholism. Given the advance warning, it might be a good idea for you to avoid the potential problem by not drinking. You cant get addicted to something you dont use.
Im 22 and have been sober and drug free for over a year. When I was 17 years old to 21 all I did was drink, do drugs, have a little sex, and smoke a lot of cigarettes. I went to an outpatient rehab center. Life is so much better now. If there are mornings you dont remember what you did the night before, or if you seem to have no memory anymore, or all thats ever on your mind is when you can drink again, then you need to do something about it. Its no way to live life. I know from experience. Search online for AA meetings in your area. I go to three a week. Theyre not what you probably think they are. Or else look for alcohol rehabilitation centers. There are plenty of young people in them. Best of luck to you.
People have been taught by Alcoholics Anonymous and its followers that it isnt their fault, theyre powerless and have a disease. Since AA has dominated the recovery industry for 50 years or so and stifled other treatment methods, their dogma has influenced the general public. Its comforting, it absolves them of all responsibility, but it also sets them up for relapse. I was unable to maintain any significant sober time until I quit AA, took responsibility for my addiction so that I could take responsibility for my recovery. This summer it will be 10 years without a drink (or drug).
You certainly have a lot on your plate and it sounds as if you have had and continue to have a lot of stress in your life. There is some scientific evidence that alcoholism tends to run in families (inherited) due to an unidentifed genetic componet. True alcoholism is a drug addiction. Children of alcoholic parents are 4 times more likely to become alcoholic. That being said, from what you have stated in your question, it seems some red flags are appearing in your desire to drink at certain times. Some people can abuse alcohol at certain times and not be actual alcoholics. When you become physically addicted to alcohol (having withdrawal symptoms and needing more and more alcohol to achieve a certain high - then you are entering true alcoholism. it doesnt sound as if you are there yet, but you could be on a downward slope. It sounds as if you could be on your way to become an alcoholic. I dont know if you are in the United States but Alcoholics Anonymous is a wonderful organization that you could check out - Every city has a division of this organization- They have divisions for families of Alcoholics to help them cope with their family situation. I think that this organization is in other countries. They may be able to help you to identify how serious your drinking situation is or is likely to become in the near future. Please check this organization out. As far as telling your partner, I am not sure what to suggest. it might be a good idea to tell your partner and your partner may be a good source of support in helping you find answers. You are NOT a horrible person. You are human and dealing with some human problems. I wish you well.
The Principle of Freedom starts by explaining that when you create problems for others, as a consequence, others will create problems for you. However, there is no reason for not doing what one wants if no one is harmed by such actions. Society is paying heavy price for a number of social freedoms. Smoking in public places is a nuisance for many. Drunk drivers are hazards to others, the noisy, abusive and rioting drinkers in bars are a shame of culture. Drugs destroys the life of addict much to the grief of his family. Drugs are kind of slow poisoning. Nudity and MTV culture destroys the family norms and has added an alarming increase in illegitimate birth rate and teen pregnancies cause anguish and worry to their parents. Restrictions on such things are beneficial to the society. Every general increase of freedom is accompanied by some degeneracy, attributable to the same causes as the freedom as Charles Horton Cooley (1864   1929), U.S. sociologist. had written..
I do agree. The fewer responsibilities a person has the more freedom they have to do and act in anyway they please. Most addicts want [if they do in fact want to] hurt themselves and not others. Not having children and/or a spouse opens the doors to the freedoms of abuse. For most of use having a family is part of the joy of life and a primary reason to not abuse drugs or alcohol or anything actually. Happy daze to you Northern Hoser and may you control the alcohol rather than it controlling you. Cheers!!
NO An alcoholic NEEDS to drink every day. That doesnt mean you dint have a drink problem though
I doubt if your friend is an alcoholic. She would have to be addicted to alcohol. Unless shes getting drunk a lot, I doubt if she has an addiction issue. But who knows? I dont know her. Maybe she drinks a lot at home. The other stuff you mentioned like vegetarianism, looking for attention, flirting, swearing and being mad at her family have nothing to do with alcoholism. If you ask me, she sounds like a pretty normal teenager. What should you do? Nothing. Just be her friend and love her for who she is.
My mother was also an alcoholic. The way to cope with it is to detach. Dont hate. Just get some distance, and focus on things you can control. You cant control her drinking, and it is nothing you should be embarrassed about. Tell your friends honestly what is going on, at a high level, and think nothing more of it. Let her embarrass herself, if she chooses. It is no reflection on you. Dont scream at her or argue with her. As my husband says, "You cant argue with The Crazy". It wont do any good. You cant make her quit drinking or act right. Shes an addict, and she will be self-centered and wont give you the emotional support you want from her, unless she decides to make a change, and she probably will not decide to do that. You have to accept that she is lost to you, and go on with your life, and maybe one day youll get a nice surprise. Also, remember that there is often mental illness at the root of alcoholism. Even if she did stop the drinking, there may be other problems there that have not been addressed. It is tempting to imagine how things *could* be, or to imagine how things *should* be, but that is a fantasy, and pouring your emotional energy into trying to make that happen will make you frustrated and angry, and will have absolutely no effect on your alcoholic, except, perhaps, to make things worse. The important thing is to grieve for her and move on. At least you have a brother and father who are supportive. My family was in total denial. Best Wishes and Good Luck! PS: try to view this as a physical illness -- a mental illness -- like Alzheimers or schizophrenia. Would you get angry with your Mom is she wouldnt dance with you, if she was in a wheelchair, or if she didnt remember your birthday, but she had Alzheimers? She is emotionally crippled, and she is unable to be what you want her to be. Its not your fault, but it may not be her fault, either. I grew up thinking Mom was just "an alcoholic" (thinking she could just stop being an alcoholic if she really wanted to), but realized as an adult that she was bipolar and had borderline personality disorder. Was that her fault? You cant just "stop" being bipolar or BPD if someone yells at you about it. Even treatment doesnt work for everyone. Is it really that important to find someone to blame? We drew the short lot, and our parent didnt come with all the working parts, and we have to make do. You will be much happier if you accept her abilities for what they are, and dont expect things from her that she is unable to do. Best Wishes and Good Luck to you all. I am sorry your family is going through this.
An alcoholic abuses alcohol. A drug addict abuses drugs..and sometimes alcohol as well.
shut up. he plays with addicts all the time. parties with them. hes not taking drugs so why should he care? shut your face.
All drugs have an addiction potential. It depends on the person as to whether they become addicted. For instance, I take hydrocone and soma for a bad disk in my back, but I only take them when Im hurting. Many people will take the amount I was prescribed in less than a week. Six weeks out, and I still have plenty as I only take them when I need relief. I cant speak for alcohol though. But its the same principle. If its available, there is a certain percentage of the population that will abuse it. Sorry that its your dad now... (tears...)
when she as an alcoholic says help online she is asking for just that help. she wants to stop drinking again and doesnt know how to stop it. she needs someone to step in take her hand and tell her what to do and get her the help that she needs.
Alcohol is just joy. The cocaine is a greater health concern as it is dangerous and illegal. You may end up in jail, a physical wreck (addicted???), or any combination of unpleasant things. Alcohol in moderation is wonderful where cocaine never is (considering the risks).
Well if you really need one every night, Id say your addicted already
The end result is - theres nothing stopping you from becoming addicted to alcohol. You might continue liking it more & more & more. Prolonged consumption of alcohol can interrupt blood flow to your penis resulting in diminished libido & cause erectile dysfunction or impotence - - - - not to mention being a major factor in getting cirrhosis of the liver - of which there is no cure.
none
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me. You set yourself up to be let down again. That is all he can do while he is still an addict, he will let everyone down and will always disappoint because he is loyal to one thing only, his addiction. He will choose alcohol over you every time. He will lie, cheat, manipulate you emotionally to try to keep you around because you may be helping him to support his addiction. Cutting someone off means absolutely no contact. If you truly do that, he may get the message and seek help. Short of that, he needs to be dead to you until he quits drinking for good. And then he needs to work on rebuilding his relationships. First, he has to heal himself, if he doesnt do that, all else will fall by the wayside and you will be nothing to him.
Well, ecstasy is not really the safest thing. It gives you brain damage and, with continuous usage, can make you officially mentally retarded. As for marijuana, it became illegal during a campaign to make multiple types of drugs illegal. Propaganda was used to convince the populace that marijuana was very dangerous. It was all, quite literally, a bunch of lies fed to the people, but at the time no one was really aware of it. Many of the ideas that were placed in the people still cary on today, despite having been openly disproven scientifically. In order to make it legal, it would require an active and widespread campaign to re-educate the general populace about marijuana and rid them of these misconceptions. If this is accomplished, then it will be legalized.
Yeah I know how it feels. But whenever anyone asked if I get high, I would tell them im joining the military (which I was). Those who asked if I get high would leave me alone after I told them that. They may seem "cool" now but nothing will be cool to them in 10 years when they live on the street with no job or education while people like us have a career, an education, a house, a car, and a great life. Just ignore it and be happy that after 4 years of high school, youll never have to see these people again.
Dear TW, first of all, you do not have to take advice from anyone in ur group as it is quite evident from ur question that u do not need help, only inputs. You just follow these points (only if u want):- (a) Do not drink in the same location/ place or u would get conditioned. (b) Drink to ur will, not 2 someones coaxing. (c) Eat something heavy/ fatty the first thing u get up in the morning so that u dont feel like drinking in the morning. And last but not the least, U r the only one person on the earth, who is straighforward enough to ask this question and it does imply that U r a good person at Heart.....not at drinks!! Good luck Partner..
Addictions are NOT genetic attributes. What it really comes down to is influence. Say your dad drinks a lot while you are around. You see that from a younger age than the anti-drug programs your school would offer, so you dont necessarily see it as a bad thing. Now say you have clean parents. They spend their time telling you that Aunt Beatrices juice is a bad thing and to never touch it. You never see any substance abuse, are told it is bad for you, therefore you are less likely to want to try any of it. It seems like a genetic thing, but it really isnt.
your friend is an alcoholic and desperately needs help....but much like a drug addict----they cant get help until they decide for themselves to stop.....you are betting on a losing horse.....
I think its probably a stereotype. I dont know any Pisces whos addicted to drugs or alcohol, and Ive never seen any particular other sign that seems the most likely. I have a condition where my circulatory and nervous systems are not the same as other persons, so I dont react to most drugs in a typical way. I dont smoke either because Im vain about my skin. The majority of recreation drugs do nothing for me, and I know this because I did experiment a number of times. I dont care for alcohol except on a rare occasion. Pisces Sun, Mercury, Venus, Mars, asteroid Lilith, Black Moon Lilith, and Part of Fortune all in Pisces. If that isnt enough, Neptune is predominant in my chart, and makes many aspects to other planets. If it was about being a Pisces, Id be a pickled herring by now. Perhaps if I had some bad aspects to Neptune, all of that would be changed.
none
My second sister is a crackhead and a mother of 3 plus a grandmother. While she never touched the sh*t until some 3 years after her last child was born<SEMCOL> however, her addiction caused severe emotional issues for her children (It did not help the fact that their father was emotional abusive to these kids during this time and is believed to have sexually abused their oldest child<SEMCOL> also during this time). Because of this their oldest child disowned her (my sister) and wont allow any of us to see her 1-year old daughter<SEMCOL> my great niece. You could contact the school system and ask what they can do to help your niece but never reveal to anyone, especially the school system, that her mother is an addict. The school system will contact social services. Social Services will jerk your niece away and place her in foster care. Instead just tell them about your niece, her emotional state, the delays that she is experiencing, and ask them what they can do to help her.
hi rolfe your mom sounds so like a girl i know, she is 52, 2 girls, 22 and 20, she was/is into cocaine, loves her beer and smokes cigarettes and pot. she claims to be ""clean"" for months but you can never rely on that, you cant or have a hard time believing them. she claims to want CA cocaine anonomous, and AA alcohlics anonomous, but she meets and befriends people that enable her behaviour. this girl is also paranoid and can not hold down a job or does she want to, sounds a lot like your mom. the thing im noticing is that you sound like you are developing or are into a co-dependant relationship. if you dont have the support group or havent looked into co-dependancy, then you need to do some research into the subject. its pain full and frustrating as im sure you love your mom, as i do this friend but i couldnt ""help"" her. i say ""help"" because we cant help them, we get sucked into the whole addiction , ocb < obsessive compulsive behaviour, i would say that you rolfe need to know that you may be enabling your mom out of sincere love, but she is using your good nature to justify her own behaviour. im not saying you dont love her and she you, but its an addicts mind here, forget who she was, because shes not that person all the time, maybe she is that person some of the times and that is what we hope they will become again. i know that with my friends continued drinking and pot smoking and maybe even cocaine use, i had to distance myself, even though when we got together it was nice for a few days, her behaviour went to the familiar. she was constantly threatening "i want drugs", cocaine, cuz she was smoking the pot. in any crisis that was her refrain,"i want drugs" , was that her cry for help or was it real? in additon to her addiction and ocbs, she claims many medical conditons, fibromyalgia, arthritis, thinning hair, insomnia, low appetit, constipation, hemmoroids, she feared being around people. she was not capable of simple chores, clothes washing, cleaning the house, shopping, even going out. recently a good fiend of mine has been seeing a guy with gambling ""addiction"" whichhe doesnt see as a problem, and is self treating bi polar disease, she feel into the enabling hole with in 2 months. as we talked she realized that she was changing and becoming the enable co-dependant, she had no clue at the time we spokee, but slowly shes realizing what was beccoming of her. good luck with that and take care of YOURSELF as you attempt to care for mom ..
alcohol dosnt really have any bad physical effects does it? you can get addicted, but so can you to marijuana if you believe that you are, and you can get drunk, which is the bad part i guess, because you could hurt people when your are drunk. which is a challenge to do so stoned.
Dear One, There are great dangers when you are self medicating. I suggest that you see someone for the correct medications for ADHD. Alcohol is addicting, especially when you think you have found the solution to all of your problems. You are going to have a problem with alcohol eventually. Let the professionals help you. You then can obtain relief all of the time. Remember, you can recover form ADHD. It is not a life sentence. Take good care.
Yes, I know it isnt that simple, and I also know that 12 step programs such as AA/ are very often not helpful. They are essentially faith healing groups rather than support groups, anyway. You might look into one of the other recovery support groups available today. 12 step groups are definitely not the only answer: http://www.smartrecovery.org/ http://lifering.org/ http://www.cfiwest.org/sos/index.htm
Youre drinking whiskey regularly at 14? Id say if you think you have a problem, you probably do. 14 is clearly too young to ingest hard alcohol on a regular basis. You should find a trustworthy adult to talk to about this so you can get some help.
Actually getting drunk isnt really ok. Getting drunk leads you to do stupid things fairly regularly and people have a tendency to become addicted and getting drunk is all they do. Pot isnt "not addictive." There is a reason people generally smoke pot their entire lives. Besides, it causes permanent brain damage if you smoke it long enough. Your reaction time slows greatly and you become distracted quite easily. Sex is fine. IF and only IF you use protection AND you are emotionally ready to do it. If not, dont do it.
I have learned that a person becomes dependent on alcohol and drugs for various reasons. And let me cite some of them. 1. Peer Pressure. Every one wants to feel a sense of belongingness. If an individual became part of a group where everyone uses drugs, he will, might as well, try drinking alcohol and using drugs. and as time passes by, while hanging out with his so-called friends, he will eventually be dependent on these substances. 2. To ease burdens. And so we thought.. Those who become drug-dependent think that using illegal drugs will help them ease their burdens and some would think that these are solutions to their problems.. Later would they know that these will lead to worse ones. 3. As stimulants. There are drugs used for "fighting" depression. And those who become dependents of these stimulants are often depressed and thought the only way to fight depression is through the use of drugs and drinking alcohol. Yes, I believe that being mentally strong, as well as emotionally stable and spiritually healthy, will keep you away from being alcoholic and a drug addict. And I also believe that it is our CHOICE if we become this kind of person. If you dont want to die young, as soon as today, stay away from using drugs and avoid drinking too hard..
Hah I hate ignorant people who go around stating incorrect claims as if they are facts. It has been said that smoking weed can lead to memory problems. But regarding intelligence theres just as much proof that it helps you as there is that it hurts you. There was a study done where a guy smoked weed every day for a month and his IQ actually increased. One downside though is that if you even mild schizophrenia it could make it a lot worse. I also hate it when people claim weed is worse or even as bad as cigarettes and alcohol. Cigarettes have a ton of unnatural chemicals, has been proven to cause lung cancer, and dont even give you more than a light buzz. Even then the buzz only lasts until youve smoked for like a week. Alcohol is another story altogether. You can actually die from having too much of it at once, it causes liver damage, and it makes people act either loud and annoying or mean and argumentative. But you cannot overdose on weed (its physically impossible) to the point where you could die. Also, weed isnt physically addictive, however its quite easily to be mentally addicted to. But the main difference I see is that no one has ever actually died directly from weed whereas millions of people are killed every year from alcohol and cigarettes.
The risks are endless. Thing is, no alcoholic has ever considered the risk factors involved. Kids who start drinking at parties and acting socially while doing so, dont think or realize the extent of the chances, risks, or even the responsibilities when doing so. They think and say things like, "oh it wont happen to me." Addictions, like alcoholism creep up slowly. Far surpassing the the evidence of a looming habit. One day a person drinks, they enjoy it, and before they realize it, the results are endless. Making a fool of themselves in public or private. Causing stress, family fights, and strains. Drunk drivings (thats plural) creep in eventually, bringing financial burdens, court time off work, if not losing a job because of a D.U.I. conviction, and/or losing a drivers license. Causing bodily harm and sometimes manslaughter charges for alcohol related injury accidents while driving or working around machinery. Deteriorating health slips in, unnoticed for years. Tuberculosis, heart disease, impotence, sexual disfunction, diabetes, liver failure and disease is a top killer, kidney failure, blindness, eventual and complete loss of equilibrium, muscular control, loss, and disease and of course, alcohol poisoning. Basically the body becomes "pickled" from the constant consumption and saturation of alcohol. The bodys chemical producing functions become disabled, and one begins to sweat a "septic" odor of body waste and alcohol mixed. Loss of bladder and bowel function, and constant urination and bowel movement malfunction. Then, after a long slow and painful choice to drink, that began as a social pleasure, eventually theres death. There are just a couple of choices that one has after becoming a full blown alcoholic...Sobriety: to refrain from and never touching another drop....Institutions: hospitals, constantly in jail/prison, or mental and detox facilities....Insanity: the total and complete disfunction of ones mind as it deteriorates and becomes numb with "pickling" and saturation of alcohol...and the final phase is Death. Those are the choices an alcoholic has. Non other. No healing medicines. No reverting back to the beginning. Just these few saddening choices. Its sad to see alcoholics crumble and fall out of normal social human behavior that began with one drink, making fools of themselves in public, passing out on sidewalks, in bushes, at store fronts panhandling for another bottle, urinating/crapping themselves, and the list goes on. Its sad, but society accepts, and with a smile, a casual social drinker...but wont accept a DRUNK. And the deaths caused from alcohol related incidents. The innocent lives lost because of it. But those are the results of drinking. The risks and just a few facts about alcohol.
Im a recovered alcoholic and I now work in a drug/alcohol rehab clinic and I can tell you for certain that you dont have to be a future alcoholic or addict, if you are genuinely depressed go and see your doctor about it, he is not allowed to tell your parents if thats what youre frightened about. If youre as smart as you say you are, you will realise that taking pain killers and drinking alcohol is not the answer, you say "Its in my dad and mom" if you mean they are alcoholics that doesnt mean you are destined to be one, alcoholism is NOT hereditary though it could predispose you to the problem. If you need any more advice you are welcome to mail me.
yes it is.. it has to do with people being ignorant and not knowing anything about drugs that are illegal. And all the negative connotations that go along with using illicit drugs. Because people are stupid, people will always be hypocritical and preach how wrong you are, regardless of what you tell them, because they have been brainwashed at a young age and will never think otherwise. People are just to closed minded. Like really, Ive shown people legitimate websites, showing real health dangers and truths, but many just have this.. mentality, that it is all untrue and just wont believe no matter what. Its sad really.
Its for a few reasons. One being that alcohol lessens ones inhibitions and thus makes one more susceptible to sin. Like if you got drunk and had sex with a guy but wouldnt have done it drunk, its probably drinking that needs to be stopped. Two being that it can be addictive. And having a vice makes you a servant to something other than God. In their eyes, being addicted to something is comparable to idolatry.
Laura, you can relax recreationally without using any kind of substance. Here are a few options: Hiking Camping Swimming Painting Bungee jumping Spelunking (exploring caves) Mountain climbing Ice Skating Roller Skating Hang Gliding Roller Coasters Stamp collecting And there are about a million more. Peace.
there is no relation between the two and never mix the two
You need to speak to your GP for a referral. There are waiting lists for detox programmes as they are not just for a few days, most programmes last about twelve weeks and are not solely about giving you meds, a lot of therapy is involved too.
We should give Charity to more deserving people as priority We can help such addicts only to get treatment come out of this addiction.
No. There is no such thing as a "fully recovered alcoholic" aside from someone who abstains from drink permanently.
Repressed anger and stress are two different things in my opinion. Repressed anger is ... one feels angry all the time inside but tries to keep it bottled up. The effect on ones heath can be devastating in both cases... Stress if its not dealt with can cause physical problems. Stress is worrying about a lot of things, having too much work to do and too little time. An example would be a woman who is a wife and a mother and who has to go to work part time at least. She has to be a wife, a lover, a companion to her husband, she has to be a mother and a carer and a friend to her children and she has to be a professional who does her job well, shows compassion, is friendly, is efficient at work. All that is a big job and such a person needs some time to herself. She just needs to ask her husband to do some of the chores with her if she works as well. Then he has to understand that its only fair after a hard day that if they do the chores together, they also have more private time together and time to relax, which she needs. Also she needs some time at the weekends when she and her husband can just go out alone and somebody else will babysit the children if they are that young. She needs to get away from the stress and either her husband has to make her feel appreciated or she needs some alone time on occasion where she gets time to go out with her female friends, for a coffee on a shopping spree, laughing with other women, doing a hobby, reading a favourite book... she needs that time to herself to not get to a point where the stress builds up so much inside that it can cause high blood pressure, anxiety, it can lead to eating disorders such as comfort eating or not eating enough. it can lead to a heart attack if someone doesnt learn to use time management and just let some dirty laundry wait and do instead something that gives one a feeling of having fun. A human being is not a machine. People could become addicted to alcohol because they feel stressed, thats true, a mother who feels overwhelmed with everything or who has to be a model wife, a super mom and then go to work, if she cant find a way to manage stress and get help she might reach for the bottle and think that will help her and it never does, it makes everything worse because its an addiction and it will come to a point when she cant hide it anymore. The dangerous thing about drinking is that in the early stages alcoholics manage to hide their drinking often and they deny it to themselves that they have a drinking problem. One day it will come to a point that they need a drink in the morning, take some alcohol in a flask to work and may get drunk there and then they get found out. They then have to get help or otherwise they could lose their marriage, their job and their children. People who smoke ...usually start out of curiosity and then they get hooked. Probably not after one cigarette, but some smoke because they are young and believe my friends all do it, its so cool, then they start it, and after a little while they get addicted to the nicotine and become addicted and cant stop very easily, if they suffer from stress and comfort eat (get overweight and smoke or drink, then they are at a much higher risk of getting a serious health problem) they could suffer high blood pressure and high cholesterol and that could lead to a heart attack or a stroke especially if they are around age 40 or older. Some people start to go to parties and they drink there, then they drink also when they are alone. Some people drink to drown some sorrows instead of going for help and seek help and talk to a friend or go to a councelor, they drink instead, they may suffer from insecurities and feel that drinking makes them lose inhibitions. They may drink because their friends all meet at the pub after work and so they become addicted to drinking whilst hanging out with friends... they may think its a social thing.. every weekend to hang out with friends and to drink large amounts of alcohol, over the legal limit.. and they talk and think its fun, but its bad for them really if they drink over the legal limit and hopefully they are at least smart enough to not drink and drive. Especially those mothers who drink and have to pick up their kids from school or kindergarden, might think they are not really drunk and can manage to drive, but just one drink too many can make them a danger on the road to others and to themselves and the precious cargo they carry in their own car their child or childrenx
"Man up" and be blunt. Say "its obvious you have a problem that is killing you, and will get you killed. Its killing me to watch you do this to yourself. You need help. If you want it, these people can help you."
im 3 days too late in answering this :( o.m.g. what have you done .... im so worried about you , your stories relate directly to my heart , try to be more confident and find YOU ARE HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT YOURSELF! Loving and accepting ourselves is THE MOST CRITICAL FACTOR in experiencing joy,happiness, and success in life. When you really love yourself and you really love other people, you find that life is really an incredible journey where things flow, and no matter what happens you always find a way to enjoy yourself and you feel fulfilled. You MUST love yourself completely. This determines your STANDARDS for what you are willing to accept or settle for. It determines how well you treat your body and your health, how much money you feel you deserve to earn or feel you can make, your belief in whether you can achieve your goals, how much others RESPECT you and how they treat you, and even whether people like you and want to be around you. People love being around confident people. You see, confident people do not feel the need to judge you or tear you down in order to elevate their own self-worth. They radiate a positive energy. You feel safe around them. You need to consistently and confidently take action to move towards your goals, and towards your ultimate destiny. People who lack in confidence often get    stuck   . So you see, your entire DESTINY is shaped by your degree of confidence. True self-confidence comes from an absolute sense of certainty deep within, that you are able to handle anything life throws your way. Truly confident people exude calm, control, power, certainty. They care about people, and they make people feel good when they are around them.They never brag     after all, actions speak louder than words. People who brag are just masking their insecurities. People have varying degrees of confidence depending on what activity they are performing. For example, someone might be totally confident in performing a piano concert, or driving a car, but feel totally inadequate at a new job they   ve started, or at flirting with members of the opposite sex. People with Total Self-Confidence, though, have complete belief in themselves. They never ask themselves    Can I really do this? What if this doesn   t work out? Am I good enough to pull it off?    They know that if they really want something, and they are committed to getting it, it will happen. They know that it   s just a question of time until they   ve mastered the skills and knowledge to make whatever they want a reality
Well, depending on which state you live in, Salvia wont be against the law for one thing, whereas LSD, Shrooms, and Pot are. Booze isnt much fun, in my experience. Weed, if you get the good $hiT is gonna give you an awesome feeling but you wont really trip I dont think. I have zero experience with LSD or Shrooms, so I cant really say anything on those but I hear theyre fun as hell lol. Salvia on the other hand - OMG! I did it once and it had me f***ing tripping hard! I was in my bedroom looking at a wall that was painted white, with a brown computer desk in front of it. ONE little hit of Salvia and the desk "melted" and the wall "opened" into this long never-ending hallway with no side corridors or anything, no decorations, just solid white, like you see in a hospital or something. No people were around or anything and I couldnt get out. The funny thing is my room mate was at home smoking with me and I couldnt hear or see him until the high wore off - it was like I was in my own little world hallucinating nothingness and nonexistence lol. But for the first time in I dont know how long, I had no physical and/or emotional pain - it was great! Then the high wore off and reality set back in and I remembered how much life sucked :p My roommate tried it and he didnt hallucinate or anything - all he did was ROFL - and I mean that as literally as I possibly can! I almost posted it on Youtube, man! It was hysterical!
none
ok, if you want to get alcohol couldnt you steal it from your house rather than in a shop? your less likely to be caught and if you do it will just be your family rather than the possibility of police involvement etc you wont get hooked on a can of carling between two of you. it would take quite a bit drank regularly for you to be come addicted. it really depends on your weight and build as to how much it would take for you to get drunk, id say a few cans but it depends, also depends what else youve eaten and drank in the day however i dont reccommend drinking at school or stealing alcohol especially from shops
i could not agree with you more. I am like you, 16 and a sophomore in high school. I go to parties and get drunk and smoke (occasionally). im pretty good at hiding it, but sometimes my parents have their suspicions. my parents arent expecting me to wait till im 21 to have a drink, but they do want me to wait until about 18. honestly that is just a bit unrealistic. like you, i get all As in school, im a great kid all around. whose to say i cant have a little fun? im not expecting my parents to be super thrilled with me getting like wasted, but having a few drinks to just feel a little buzzed is fine. i do think that it would be a better idea for parents to just educate kids about this stuff, so that if they do choose to do these things they at least know what theyre getting themselves into. i think a lot of kids do stuff like this just to rebel because they know their parents are absolutely against it. if my parents had told me they didnt care if i had a few drinks, it probably wouldnt feel so cool. now i understand where parents are coming from by not wanting their kid to drink or smoke if they have the kid that is just dumb and would completely over-do it and let it take over their lives. i know with me, i am responsible and smart enough to be safe about these things. i know my limits and everything. i wish my parents could understand that they dont have to worry about me like that, i wish they could trust me to be careful because they do know what a good kid i am. im sure theyre are tons of people with the same problem. the only thing you can really do is try to have an open conversation with your parents about it and maybe theyll eventually come around at some point and make a compromise with you. i wish i didnt have to sneak around my parents. i know some kids whose parents actually let them drink and smoke under their roof. lucky them lol. im trying to prove to my parents that i can be responsible :)
Thats hard to answer. Is this an all-day, everyday thing, or just a couple of times a week? Either way, obviously youre right. He is playing with fire. Unfortunately, unless you do some kind of intervention with family and friends and insist on him going to a treatment center (and he still doesnt have to go, hes an adult) theres really nothing you can do. Addicts have to get tired of the way they are living, or hit the inevitable "rock bottom" before THEY want to quit. Thats the ingredient that you cannot leave out of this recipe. HE has to WANT it. Im sorry there isnt an easier answer. :( God bless him, and you.
You are 21..its your life not your parents, make your own choices. As to controlling your consumption, if you ever feel its starting to control you, seek help. In the meantime, enjoy!
For me, and many of my friends, we choose marijuana over alcohol and fags because it is more easily available and i have heard that it has a lot less health risks. A few of my friends do smoke cigarettes but after seeing them get addicted it as warded me right away from them, weed is also a lot easier to cover up than alcohol and fags, even though the penalty is worse where i live (England). Weed is also easier to be responsible about, i smoke about once a week and only at weekends. I think for most teens they choose marijuana because it is so available and not too expensive. It is unbelievably easy to get and i dont know of any of my friends who have been caught.. yet! I hope this has helped some what :) xox
Alcoholism is a disabling addictive disorder. It is characterized by compulsive and uncontrolled consumption of alcohol despite its negative effects on the drinkers health, relationships, and social standing. Like other drug addictions, alcoholism is medically defined as a treatable disease.[1] The term alcoholism is widely used, and was first coined in 1849 by Magnus Huss, but in medicine the term was replaced by the concepts of "alcohol abuse" and "alcohol dependence" in the 1980s DSM III.[2] (The term alcohol dependence is sometimes used as a synonym for alcoholism,[3][4] sometimes in a narrower sense.) Similarly in 1979 an expert World Health Organisation committee disfavoured the use of "alcoholism" as a diagnostic entity, preferring the category of "alcohol dependence syndrome".[5] In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, alcohol dependence was called dipsomania before the term "alcoholism" replaced it.[6] drunkaholic Someone who surpass the capability of an alcoholic. To be a drunkaholic, you must not only be addicted to alcohol, but you must be addicted to getting extremely wasted. Drunkaholic can only be mastered by a few individuals on this planet. To be a drunkaholic, you must drink at every parties<SEMCOL> furthermore, you must drink everyday. Drunkaholic remain drunk 24/7 to avoid a hangover.
no. alcohol is never the answer to a broken heart. it only makes u get addicted to it and feel more depressed. ive known men who started drinking heavily everyday just because some girl broke their heart. it is equal to running away from your emotions. as hard as it sounds, you should try to face your emotions and deal with it. if you feel like crying or abusing someone do it. its just like an open wound. takes days to heal and months to fade. but once it does fade its never going to show up again. remember what cant break you can only make you stronger :)
Herion is an opiate, but the strongest kind, i.e.codiene, morphine, ect are all painkillers, herion being the strongest painkiller there is, thats what they give you when you arrrive A&E in severe pain (diamorphine- is pure herion) goole it.. Heroin is also been proven to be the best antidepressant there is, it gives you a feeling like your in a bubble & nothing can hurt you, it takes all stresss away & all pain (mentally & phisically) all goes away..for the few hours it has (about a 7-10 hour duration) you wont be perscribed it because of the addictive nature of it, as after you have been taking heroin for a few weeks or more, you become addicted & the withdrawals are the worst ever, i.e. cold sweats, nervous twitching, aches & pains, flu like symtoms, with no sleep for days on end, your worst nightmare Where as alchahol is a completely different ball game, it kills you by harming the liver ect..& again is very addicive
The relapse of your friend shows the truth that one drink is too much and two are not near enough. The life of an alcoholic is not easy for them and people close too them. At this point he will have to "bottom out" again before he can get straight. Both of you will have to realize he cannot under any circumstance, consume alcohol at any time in the future. Since he slipped back, declines AA or any other program, the best advice I can give you is to get out of this relationship now. Give him an ultimatum. Either you or the booze. If he decides on booze, leave and dont go back ever. Restart your life without him. It will be hard but your first responsibility is to you and your well being. r
because it is all about money, and who stands to gain the most, or the least by it, and think about power, and if a person can make another person believe, then make that person conform to what they believe, this gives them power and money! Rather than let each individual be responsible for the consequences of their behavior..because knowledge is power, and you can make money with it, without the greed, and control issues..moderation in all things good, right?
BOYFRIEND HAS TO GO! You already know that answer, it will destroy you if you continue to allow an addict/alcoholic control any part of your life. He is destroying you because he is already destroyed himself, he is the most selfish sicking person and he hates himself. He will continue to destroy you and has no regret or remorse if you are destroyed he would move on to another willing victim. CUT the drunk stupid *** loose and save yourself and your well being, hes trach to begin with and he has had plenty of time and help wasted on him, its not your fault unless you continue to allow it to happen to you. Sweetheart, please, for your own good, I dont even know you but I can tell you from first hand experience living with a raging drunk for 19 years, the best thing I ever did for myself my kids and ultimately him was leaving and never looking back, I only wonder what made me wait so long!
none
none
He is an addict/alcoholic. You cannot expect him to have control over his disease based on an agreement with you...for and addict/alcoholic, that is impossible. An addict/alcoholic cannot engage in any activity involving any form of drug or alcohol. It is more loving for a friend of family member to not be a part of supporting the addict/alcoholics life...yes, that means you can leave guilt-free. It is loving to yourself to not put yourself through an active addict/alcoholics life who is unwilling to get help. AA is free.  is free.
Youve hit a very interesting question. The division between health and maladaptive behavior is not always clear, but there are many high-functioning alcoholics. Is there a difference between your friends behavior and a person who is prescribed a sedative for anxiety? Obviously, she doesnt have a physician monitoring her "medication" to make sure she isnt having problems with it, but if she is self-monitoring sufficiently, is it really different? Maybe not. But I would suggest that it is more maladaptive than she cares to admit. She has relationship problems, and she is surrounded by partiers, who are probably not the most emotionally satisfying group to hang out with. She manages to get to her job, but she is too hung over to consider doing anything else like taking classes so that one day she can have a better job and life that doesnt leave her wanting to drink herself into emotional oblivion. The addictive nature of alcohol often causes escalation into clear problems. Though your friend has not wrapped her car around a tree (or around a child), she clearly is not making adaptive choices. Health issues aside, if she were drinking because it is fun (and that were actually true), an arguement could be made that it is not maladaptive. But shes stuck in a job that she doesnt like with a social and romantic life that she can only tolerate if she is constantly numbed by alcohol. Unfortunately, the alcohol use is stopping her from being able to improve either her work or personal situation. That is the definition of maladaptive behavior, and she is an alcoholic who is so far into denial that she cant even recognize the harm it is doing, even though the harm is clear.
Your husband is a typical addict. He needs someone to lean on. It is you he is using and manipulating in the worst way possible. The only way he is going to make any progress is to 100% give up alcohol. That does not look as though it is going to happen. If you make his complete giving up of alcohol and I mean 100% quitting the grog a condition of moving back in - that is he has to give the alcohol up completely first and not drink behind your back then that would be the only grounds I would even consider having him back on. For that to happen he needs professional help. Has he spoken to his GP about being referred to a clinic for treatment for addiction. He needs to do something like this if he is serious about giving away alcohol as it is a drug of addiction and until he admits, seriously that he has a problem and has to do something about it there will be no progress. You must be firm and draw up a set of guidelines and say to him that you are not going beyond that. You are not having him back while he is an alcoholic. If he gets drunk and turns up at your place again you will have him removed by the police. He cant go on doing this to your life and the lives of your children. Give them a fresh start. Do not allow him to lay a guilt trip on you for his addiction and the fact that he is angry with you for leaving. He knows full well that it is his own fault that you have left and taken the kids. He is just bluffing. You will wreck the kids lives if you stay with him. However, it is also difficult getting rental accommodation and getting started out there as a single mum again. If you do decide to stay single make it very very clear to this guy that the relationship is over and that you cannot live with his alcoholism and his bad temper. I wouldnt be talked into taking him back. However, the decision is yours. Just keep in mind that your future and the childrens lives are at stake here and that you would do best away from the turbulence of drunken violence. If you want to talk to someone about this in a non - committal free of charge and worry free environment I will give you some links that you can use. There is no obligation and they are not commercial links. They are all not - for - profit or legal advice links. Life Line http://www.lifeline.org.au/ Salvation Army http://salvos.org.au/ Free legal aid http://www.freelegal.com.au/ http://www.legalaid.nsw.gov.au/asp/index    http://www.legalaid.vic.gov.au/ Alcoholics Anonymous http://www.aa.org.au/ Good Luck!!!
It depends on her past medical history you mentioned she broke her arm, when she went to hospital most of the time they will take note if you are under the influence. If this has happened a number of times it can happen sooner rather then later. After the chat with the GP he should ask for her to be sectioned as most of the time it has to be requested. You will probably get a few visits from social services first so be prepared. Also try and keep a dairy and evidence ie the bottles from her drink or take pictures of it to show the doctor. I am a nurse and have heard of relatives doing this. I hope this helps good luck with everything xx I am sorry ginny but where is your information from I am a nurse and have NEVER heard of what your talking about at all!!!!! well I hope it works out home visits from nurses cost the nhs so much money I know from when I have visited cancer patients and wrote up the sundry it can go into the thousands You dont need to tell me people black out etc I deal with addicts everyday lol I dont care if I questioned your answer as far I was aware its only people with serious conditions that have home visits, your condition you caused yourself Sorry but my mum died when I was 16 then my father shortly after everyone goes through horrible things thats part of life
You dont, the only way you gain that much weight is over eating & drinking FOR A LONG TIME All this, if you drink you get a beer gut stuff is rubbish - people get a beer gut because they are drinking, and eating, while sat on their backsides doing no exercise, and someoen who doesnt drink alcohol is just as prone to one as someone who does. As for bloating, thats gas, and weights nothing at all. EDIT: Dont you just love the anti drink evangelists ..... AlcoHAUL kills your braincells ... Seems someone else has braincell problems as they cant spell alcohol ..... Oh and by the way Mr Cena, alcohol has minimal effect on the number of braincells that die each day, when compared to what die off naturally
If your 22 and been unemployed for 5 years it sounds like you have never worked unless you had a paper round once! A beer belly can be the least of your troubles if you are drinking too much, if you are addicted to alchol in your mind you need to stop. Do you have to have a fit/DTs before realize your an addict? Your life will never be the same. A 22 year old should have no trouble mobilizing and stop hating themselves. By the time I was 22 I had seen the world as a soldier and sailor and also became an alcoholic! I shook it off, returned to drinking a few times but generally got a grip. I havnt had a drink for 10 years now, I got my life back. Stop moaning and get moving....at 22 the world is your oyster!
You dont know the awnser? most people get addicted to more expensive items, and the world just SUCKS
When someone you love has an addiction you do everything you can to offer and encourage them to get help and treatment. If they will not help themselves You are not helping them in any way by staying and living with their crap. That in fact is enabling their addiction and if you loved them, and valued yourself ....you would not continue to do that. You cant save him from himself. Stop guiltimg yourself into staying in a miserable and unhealthy lifestyle.
The things that are hardest to deal with give us our most valuable lessons. Socrates often debated difficult people but his marriage to Xanthippe taught him how to deal with difficult people. A Naval officer who was given a medical discharge due to his drinking joined AA and stayed with it for life. He said he learned that he wasnt addicted to alcohol, but Thai he had an addictive personality. He found that was true of many of his friends. Out of 60 fans I viewed, only 40 had points this week. Maybe it is not as bad as it seems.
1) The reason why its said that "No drug addict should drink after rehabilitation under any circumstances even if alcohol was never a problem for them" is because their drug problem is due to an addictive personality<SEMCOL> they will just replace the drugs with alcohol to "block" unwanted stuff out, if thats the case for them. 2) Refrain from drinking, again, they will just replace the drugs with alcohol. 3) Refuse yourself to drink in front of him, help him out, if he cant drink, why should you? You could also spend "drinking money" on more exciting things, skydiving - I dont know what you like, hell get a better adrenaline rush from that instead of alcohol and drugs and learn that theres more to life then spending money on drugs. 4) Yes you are in the wrong, yet again, they will just replace the drugs with alcohol. Alcohol is a drug too, just a legal one only because of the amount of money and Tax it makes. Its easier to get hold of and cheaper to get hooked to as well.
It sounds as though you have taken on a role of co-dependency. Alcoholics and addicts are so good at getting others to do for them. I suggest you should not get him set up with a job. It puts your name out there and he will only trample it with good intention but bad follow-through. You can give him a ride to an AA meeting pronto. Tell him to try to find another way to get to meetings within 30 days. Bus lines are an incredible invention lol. Seriously there is probably a fellow alcoholic willing to pick him up for meetings. He needs to get a sponsor as well. If you need any other info, go to Al anon....it will be good for you. Take care.
Benzodiazepines and alcohol are both addicting drugs. There is no evidence that benzodiazepines cause brain damage but there is abundant evidence that long term heavy drinking causes brain tissue to shrink (atrophy), ventricular enlargement (resulting in less brain mass), degenerative nerve disorders multiple peripheral nervous system, endrine, gastrointestinal, and other disorders and in cases of physical dependence, potentially life threatening withdrawal. However, these changes occur after many years of chronic (every day) heavy (at least 6 drinks and probably more) drinks per day. On the other hand, while benzodiazepines do not seem to cause so much damage, they are in some ways easier to become addicted to. Both impair driving and other skills but both also decrease anxiety. Although their antianxiety effects share very similar neurochemistry (Cl- changes in GABA neurons in the brain), alcohol only works in very low doses (i.e., 1 drink) and the effect disappears with tolerance. Higher doses have the opposite effect. Benzodiazepines are most often prescribed specifically for anxiety, but they are addictive and dont always work. Dealing with "some angxt" is part of dealing with life. Another poster made some good suggestions (not the St. Johns Wart or 5 HTP suggestion as those are neither reliably effective or safe<SEMCOL> and diet, while important has nothing to do with anxiety). Execise and practice are good ways to deal with dating anxiety. If its possible, there are probably some things you can state right away to you date that you dont want to do or that make you uncomfortable right now. Dating anxiety is normal. Be guided by what you want not what others expect.
You have to tell. Its not ratting when someones health and safety are at stake. If her parents cant keep a secret, maybe an anonymous letter. Once they start looking, they will find more for themselves. Start with the sex and drinking first. THAT can be proven on exam. Make sure you type it. Someone will recognize your handwriting.
You committed a terrible trolling sin by posting this.
protest too get this **** banned take some action.
its psychological mate...But to prevent this from happening again, Always maintain an extra beer in the icebox!
Your NOT addicted! An alcoholic can not just drink one beer, in fact when someone has a heart condition, the doctor will advise a beer a day. If you like the taste than that is fine. It would be like drinking water or pop or juice, but it is beer. If it is hot out or your stressed and it is like AHH i need a cold beer right now, it is normal. Even drinking two or threes a day, because you like to drink it and it tastes great. Getting **** faced every night or going to the bar every night would be trouble. Saying your going to just have one beer EVERY NIGHT and then getting tanked EVERY NIGHT, would also indicate alcoholism. You could take 4 shots of whiskey a day after work just to cut the edge off and you would still be good. I got a DUI and have been through the classes (because they make you) over 5 years ago and I can drink and quit at anytime. I even drink to much and either break things or black out and I am still not an alcoholic. When alcohol is chosen over family, friends, work then it is a problem so be careful if you feel like it leading that way.
Im a former alcoholic but definitely NOT an AA member. I do not know what to tell you about your situation. It is possible that you can drink again safely<SEMCOL> some people do indeed do so even after being addicted to alcohol (link below). On the other hand, it is possible that you cant, that you are one of those people who cant drink safely and are better off just leaving the stuff alone. Me personally, I do sometimes wonder if I could drink again<SEMCOL> I have been abstinent now for over 12 years and am doing fine. Have figured out the reasons I drank and none of them apply anymore, plus I know how to handle pretty much anything life throws at me without drinking. But Ill never do it, because there is no point. Im content with not drinking, I like my life, and I cannot think of a single reason why I should risk going back to where I was before. Sure, its possible I could drink again. Maybe its even probable. But you know, it was pretty bad before I quit, and I would never take the risk. You may make a different decision for yourself: you are in charge of your life. But I thought you might be interested in what I have to say. http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/NewsEvents/News   
Honey, I myself am a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic. My ex also is an alcoholic. We both joined AA together, I got sober, he just couldnt put any length of time together for some reason. He cheated on me countless times, left me a few, but ALWAYS called to come "home" when he needed help to be taken to detoxes & 28 day programs. I hung in for 12 LONG yrs.! I felt IF IF only hed get sober, wed have a chance at our marriage. WRONG!!! I had one "slip" once in my "disease" telling me IF I too drank then he wouldnt need to look for other females to drink with & he wouldnt cheat on me. Not so tho as he still cheated. I then got sober & stayed sober for ME. I got tired of the "broken promises", the change in personality, just EVERYTHING Im SURE you know what I too went thru & are going thru it too. We went to a number or counselors & the very last one told him he was a "womanizer" & to get professional help with that along with AA for his drinking. Of course he didnt. You ARE living in an unhappy household. How much better it would be IF you didnt have his burden on you. Even your children are suffering in one way or another from his addiction. Alcoholism is a cunning, addictive, progressive killer disease. It DOES just keep getting worse as time goes on. I can promise you that. Even from living with it & going thru what I did to myself. The last time he called me to ask to come "home", I finally accepted it was not going to work. I told him no, keep on going back to your own home a few states away. That has been 23ish yrs. ago. I felt like a ton of bricks rolled off my shoulders. I was finally FREE of it ALL!!! I got my life back again & how great it was to not have to worry about anything whatsoever. WHY should you suffer for his disease?! Why should your household always be in an uproar because of him?! Take a paper & list all the pros & cons of living with him. See which outweighs the other. I KNOW which side will have the most cons on it. He IS sick. Has a disease of alcoholism. I also went to Alanon along with AA. Ive said so many times how AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity! IF youve never gone to an Alanon mtg., you do owe it to yourself to just try & go to a couple mtgs. Call the 800# for alcohol & ask when/where the next closest mtg. is. GO! You will NOT regret it. They are ALL going thru the same thing as you. They are the greatest bunch of folks youd hope to meet. They would help you with ANY question youd have if you wanted to ask. You could do it after a mtg. & just talk to any one of them. They are there strictly to support one another & thats just what they do. You owe it to yourself to go. That may help you decide what to do. Honey, dont let the disease of alcoholism also ruin your life too along with your kids lives. How much happier youd be/feel without him in your life. You too would finally be free of it ALL. What a totally GREAT feeling youd have with your new found freedom. I can promise you the longer you stay with him the worse hes going to keep getting. If you think its bad now, look for it to get worse with the progression it has. Do you want freedom from it ALL? No more arguments, broken promises, miscommunications. Freedom would be what you have & no more carrying around a ton of weight. I so well KNOW ALL you are going thru. You DO deserve this freedom. Take a "leap of faith" & free yourself from it. See how better you feel, your whole family WILL feel. If or when you leave, tell him to try going to some AA mtgs. to treat his disease. Honey, you DO owe it to yourself & your kids to feel the freedom of not being bound down from the disease of alcoholism. What a total GREAT feeling you will/would have. That I CAN promise you as Ive walked in your shoes on both sides of it. My sobriety anniversary date means more to me than my birthday! Your "freedom" day WILL mean the world to you, that I promise...I SO wish you the very best...:)
You have achieved a very major high in your life and their is just nothing in this world that will give you high without a drug. Your on another level that many can not understand, it also leaves you alone, except those who will achieve that high with you. Someone once open my eyes by saying that a non user will drive in a race car at 100mph and on a scale of 1 to 10 there high would be a 10. But for us users doing the same would be a 4 because weve known what its like to do 180 hammered and that was a 6 for us. The only thing you can do is realize how that high is fake and how living humbly day to day one hour at time is more peaceful(your lvl 4 highs) and fulfilling then enjoying life with alcohol (your lvl 10 highs). You have to want peace in life. When the peace is more valuable to you then achieving the high or enjoyment you seek the craving will almost be forgotten.
What can you say to make him choose between drink or you? Well, alcohols will not give up the drink until they reach rock bottom. This phrase has a different concept or meaning for each alcoholic. But he will not give it up all the while he does still have you. So you need to be very strong for yourself and do this: leave him yourself, and tell him you will consider having him back only if he has got help and stopped drinking for a substantial period of time. Its only once he has lost you that he will hopefully experience rock bottom and then have an incentive to work to get you back again. You in the meantime need to start focussing on yourself and be prepared also for the possibility that he may not be able to kick the drink. Many dont. I have been to support groups for families and friends of addicts, and it is full of women who married their men knowing they were alcoholics, and have stuck through 30 years of absolute hell for the same reason as you hes a really really nice guy when hes not drunk, hes got so much potential, what he could have done with his life... No matter how much you love someone and want to heal them, you dont hold the key to their salvation. Its inside themselves. You need to gently and lovingly let go, get on with your own life, and if 6 months down the line hes been sober all that time, maybe theres a chance he might be able to stay that way. He will need to get professional help and accept that he has a problem.
Cannabis beats Alcohol. When smoking marijuanaa, the body is calm and you wont do anything crazy like kill someone. When drinking alcohol, or maybe even too much alcohol you can throw up or go crazy and kill someone.
Its a tough and potentially thankless area to go into. There are a number of routes into this: mental health care<SEMCOL> social care or medicine will all have specialisms in care and rehabitilitation of drug and alcohol abusers. Most of my friends who work in this area have started as mental health care workers (specialist nurses mainly) and then gone on to work in rehabilitation units.
Im struggling to answer this. My ex is an alcoholic. I understand how impossible it is to reason with someone with that kind of brain damage (on top of, probably, a personality thats already impulsive & narcissistic). Alcohol-brain is real. You could go to the courts if you feel you have to. You could probably make a solid case, if you document everything (check to see if recording phone conversations is illegal in your state) and have witnesses. I just have a feeling though that would be a match that started a fire. If he really is behaving during the visits, urine testing and supervised visits wont change the overall picture - hell still be a self-destructive addict, only pi$$ed off, and possibly unemployed. And that could drive him to crazier behaviour. Im not convinced that going legal will help things...Starting this process will mean your ex will be criminalized. Itll have an irreversible impact on his career and life. Theres no guarantee hell get better as a result - he could get worse, will probably get worse. (My dad lost his license to practice many years ago because of non-addiction mental health issues. Since then hes deteriorated beyond anything I could have imagined. I cant even describe it, it breaks my heart.) Even though its only a few days here and there, it sounds like theyre meaningful to your son. Dads are important to sons, even radically imperfect ones. Ill also say that those visits are probably as important to your ex as your son, if he can hold it together and watches his limits... How dangerous is your ex during the visits? Is it his mom and sisters - the ones who are now supervising things - who drink, too? If not, maybe its worth reaching out to at least one of them, and expressing your concerns there. How old is your child? Could he be given a cell phone, and taught to call mom if anything weird happens? Could you make the overnights impossible? Minimize the hours he gets? I am really torn with this. Your son needs to be safe. But going the legal route - disregarding the cost and the fact that your ex is a lawyer - doesnt guarantee anything. Your ex will raise hell no matter what you do... Im sure youve tried this already, and I know this is manipulative and exhausting and youre past it, but you could make it about him. Alcoholics are full of self pity and respond to that. Im worried about you. Youre not looking too well. How are things? God, I say that, also knowing that whatever trust you gain that way could be lost in the next second. And even if not, he wont concede fault or admit to needing support. I wish I could be of more help. Dancing around your ex is no answer, I know. edit: these links dont help clarify things either. im really sorry youre going through this. http://www.gregoryforman.com/blog/2009/0    http://divorce.laws.com/child-visitation   
none
This is old news .... alcohol and drug abuse seems to peak at that age . Then you get out of college and get a job and start to get serious .... If not you become an addict and destroy your life ..............
none
Lorazepam, consisting of benzodiazepine, is a CNS depressant and an anti-anxiety sedative drug. Mixing alcohol with any type of drug puts you at greater risk for health problems. However, it depends on the dosage for Lorezapam as well. Alcohol is already an antidepressant. It slows heart rate, blood circulation, and cognitive behavior. Taken with Lorazepam is not advised because it can greatly reduce your blood flow through out your circulatory system and can cause arrhythmic heart pulse and breathing. There are adverse effects to taking alcohol and Lorezapam such as reduced consciousness level as well as respiratory depression. But, have your father lay off either the alcohol or the Lorazepam. Ask his physician or doctor what you should do about this. Apparently, if he went back to drinking even after overcoming with an illness, hes not going to change his alcoholic behavior. I would suggest you get him help. Ive also heard that the prescribed dosage of Lorazepam is like a placebo because the clinical dosage is about 2mg, which occupies only 3% of benzo receptors. That is why it takes a lot to overdose on Lorazepam. Lorazepam also has a less action of respiration areas relative to other benzos.
Scientific evidence has proven that Alcoholics are born the way they are, There is a chemical in their body that is triggered when the first taste Alcohol that makes them addicted.
Combining these two drugs is very serious and dangerous. You state that your father is unwilling to quit taking these drugs or drinking- that may make him an addict, which is a serious, no-fault disease. He needs professional help. I dont know what state you are in, and therefore cant speak about the laws in your state, but in mine we have something where you can have a person committed to a treatment program if they are a danger to themselves or others. You would have to file a petition at the courthouse, i think, and there would be a hearing where other people would decide if your father needs this help. Our state calls this a "mental hygeine". I am praying for you and your father.
Hopefully you have a prescription for xanax. This question is hard to answer because I dont know how much youre drinking or how much xanax you are taking. For the most part these two things dont mix at all. There are dangers as well as interactions so Im sure you know this or you wouldnt be asking this question. Just a note: These two substances work on the same parts of the brain and they are both very addicting, xanax being, by far, the worst. The withdrawal from xanax is similar or worse than alcohol withdrawal and can last for months to years. To directly answer your initial question, xanax stays in your system for up to 40 hours after ingestion. 9 hours after taking xanax you will still have approximately half of your original dose circulating in your body. Alcohol has an extremely short half life so will be completely out of your system in approximately 10 hours after your last drink. A little nice advice, dont mix drugs, especially benzos, barbiturates and other downers, with alcohol. Xanax is not easy to die from but when mixing with alcohol can cause problems like over sedation, coma and liver poisoning. Good luck and think smart.
Please understand that your friend is caught up in a terrible marketing scheme put together by some very shady people that has basically hijacked the medical industry. Here is a series of 18 videos you need to see to fully understand how this happened and why taking those psycho drugs are one of the dumbest things a person can do. The symptoms are nothing more than nutritional deficiencies and an excess of toxins in the body. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1nbZCNDg    Your friend needs to get educated and then put on a course of real health, not those very stupid drugs that are making Americans drug addicts. I suggest having her see a certified nutritional therapist that can test her and determine the nutritional deficiencies and help her detox the garbage out and then put her on a health building diet that she will see results and get her on the road to real health, not that "MAKE BELIEVE HEALTH" being promoted by men in white coats that have no clue about nutrition and real health. good luck to you
We need to legalize freedom.
Hi Andrew, My name is Ed, and I am a recovering alcoholic/addict. As I was reading your question I kept coming across many of my own similar questions, wishes for a different existence that felt hollow, confusion about why my efforts to change were so ineffective even though my intentions were genuine, and fears that I would never be able to quit, even in the face of drastic consequences if I continued. Like you, I too started at a very young age. From the very beginning, I always drank and used to excess, and as the years went forward the amount of alcohol or drugs I would use increased and so did the frequency. By the time I was in my early twenties, I was nearly a daily blackout drinker, and although I didnt use drugs every single day, the times when I did use involved very dangerous quantities, When I was twenty-five Id been facing liver problems for a couple of years, was throwing up every morning, and my blackouts were almost daily. My marriage was falling apart because Id become so withdrawn from my wife, and from my friends as well. I had wanted to quit for some time and made attempts that always failed nearly right away. I was scared that I was close to the point where Id done so much damage to my vital organs that the very next time I drank or used I was going to push my liver, kidneys, brain or heart too far past what they could recover from this time, and I would die. I eventually hit bottom which, for me, meant that I could no longer keep up the constant emotional turmoil between denial and reality, nor tolerate the physical consequences. Although I had been to an AA meeting here and there before but was not yet ready, this time I had no more ability to battle the truth and I was desperate. So, with a genuine belief that it did work for others but my efforts would fail, sooner or later, I went anyway with a lot of desperation and fear and hoped to god it would work. And I didnt drink or use that day. The next day, still terrified, went anyway. Didnt drink or use again. And so on, one more day. And another day. And one more day at a time. I did what they suggested, in the beginning, because I was terrified, and desperate. The impoprtant part is that I did what they suggested, not how I felt about it. And I learned in my early sobriety that this is a program of action. Thats the only thing that matters. And if I take that action, things change. Thats why just stopping drinking never worked for me, and for anyone else who is an alcoholic: if they take no action to genuinely change the flawed parts in their personality that are at the core of their disease of alcoholism, they will drink again. Period. If you decide that you want to get some more information about AA, or find a meeting time and location, the address for the AA (UK) website is: www.alcoholics-anonymous.org.uk Information, meeting times and locations, contact numbers, AA literature, and more is available through that site. You are welcome to email me at any time, for any reason, at Yahoo Answers. I am interested to know how youre doing, and if there is anything that I can help you with, let me know. GMT-0
Alcoholic beverages mess up the areas in your tongue that differentiate salt from sugar, sour from bitter and so forth. Without getting any benefits when you swallow it it keeps being useless to you entire organism and most time causes damage to you in the long run after it turned you into an addict and you lost touch with reality. Better forget about it because its a waste of time really.
1. I had my first sip of beer at like, age 5. It was HORRIBLE! I got drunk for the first time at age 15. I used to drink far more in my senior year of high school and first year of college (SURPRISE!) but tapered off to less than once a month for ANY alcohol by the age of 24. 2. Alcohol is toxic to every cell in the human body, it causes brain damage, addiction, crime, domestic abuse, usually plays a roll in child molestation, and is addictive to 30% of the human race. I would rather see full legalization of marijuana and the complete ban of alcohol for human consumption. (Since only 9% of that 30% have the biology of being able to become addicted to Marijuana) 3. I just went to a wedding last saturday and I drank but after a few beers and a glass of wine, I just didnt feel good anymore... Physically or Mentally... So I stopped and went to my hotel room. Others drank to the point of stumbling and I didnt want to be there for that. I dont "Hate" alcohol... I periodically drink to intoxication... But by and large people dont know a limit so they end up getting stupid with it. 4. 30% of the population of the whole of the human species has the series of genetic predispositions for addiction. Alcohol is the primary "Gateway Drug" for people to activate the addiction pathways in the brain. My mother was an alcoholic/opiate addict from a family chalk full of addicts. I had a 50/50 chance of inheriting the genetics for addiction and I believe I have. Because of this, I watch my use of ANYTHING with the potential for addiction because I have seen the horrors of what addiction does to body, mind, family, and society. 5. Famous people that have NEVER had alcohol: (by conscious choice, not theistic mind-rape) Penn Jillette (Watch the episode of Penn & Teller named "War on Drugs") Carlos Mencia (Listen to the Carlos Mencia episode of LoveLine) p.s. Watch the Discovery Channel Documentary called "How Beer Saved The World". I may not like the MODERN result of Alcohol on our species but if not for beer, we wouldnt have gone from hunter/gatherer to agricultural and we might never have reached the heights of evolution which we have reached. Discovery Channel Presents    How Beer Saved the World" http://www.craftbeer.com/pages/news-and-    Did you know that Beer was critical to the birth of civilization? Thats right - Beer. Scientists and historians line up to tell the amazing, untold story of how beer helped create maths, poetry, Pyramids, modern medicine, labor laws and America. (Watch it on YouTube)
Yeah, they started out with legitimate reasons to take vicoden or percoset or oxys but now theyre just dope heads.
none
I work in an alcohol/drug rehabilitation centre in the UK, if you are talking about addiction then a centre similar to ours is your best choice for either or both. If you choose this route, dont go to one that just does a detox, if your an addict of any sort the chances are that youll relapse, go to one that also does a recovery program in conjunction with detox.. If rehab is not for you, the best groups are Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), Cocaine Anonymous (CA) or Narcotics Anonymous () which are based on these programs. If you need any advice youre welcome to email me.
Its the same thing. If he cant stop having alcohol, the he is addicted to alcohol, in other words, he is an alcoholic.
Yes, it is possible but the neurochemistry is so complicated that "yes" is a very relative term. Decades of research on the effects of alcohol on monoamines such as serotonin have shown that alcohol increases serotonin levels in some brain areas, decreases it in others and has no effect in other brain regions. This is made even more complicated by changes in receptor sensitivity and the number of receptors (both of which change due to alcohol or the combination of alcohol with various environmental factors). Then there is the effect of alcohol on the bioavailability of serotonin. Alcohol can alter serotonin reuptake or affect brain monoamine oxidase (an important enzyme in the metabolism of serotonin). So, can alcohol affect serotonin? Yes. Can it do it in a therapeutically helpful way? Probably in some people for a short time and under some conditions. The problem is that alcohol is also an addicting drug and its effects are short lived. Long term use of alcohol affects brain serotonin quite differently. Finally, the relationship between alcohol abuse and depression is well known. Whether depression leads to alcohol use is unclear and is, in my opinion, too much of which comes first, the chicken or the egg, to really be meaningful. For the most part alcohol is a CNS depressant and while clinical depression is not the same as depression caused by a drug (or even depression of a neurochemical system for that matter), the combination is not likely to make things better.
people say i am an alcoholic i dont drink all the time either but i go nuts when i do downing a liter bottle of whisky when i do the term for this is binge drinking and it is a form of alcoholism even tho i think it is not being an alcoholic because i dont crave it all the time i am not addicted to it not like i am smoking ciggs if you drink really heavy but not real often its not bad in my opinion all though i was told binge drinking is actually worse then drinking every day if you drink just enough to get a buzz and maybe a little trashed youd be fine just watch out for alcohol poisoning its not fun you feel like your cold cant stop shaking you cant stop puking and you have seizures so watch out thats my opinion and yes most girls are sluts drunk
I highly doubt it. You sound normal and have a clear enough mind to fabricated this question. Either continue drinking or stop the choice is yours. If you want an evaluation the alcoholic issue see a health professional.
cuddleaholic...
that word is a label and the argument is about semantics. alcoholism is a word used to describe a set of physical and emotional effects and challenges one has when one becomes emotionally and physically addicted to alcohol. like the other person said, addiction has both mental and physical elements. do not let doctors tell you that every "disease" you have is out of your control. labeling and compartmentalization of health issues has eradicated our free will. all of our health problems, mental and physical, are the result of issues and problems that many different parts of our body have. health should be viewed holistically because nothing exists in isolation, ALL of our health problems relate to our body as a whole, and it is in this regard that the western view of medicine and health is very wrong.
Yes. Alcohol abuse and alcohol dependency are two different things. Someone whos addicted to alcohol always has an alcohol abuse problem, while someone who abuses alcohol is not always an alcoholic. When it gets into the realm of alcohol addiction, there is a physical dependence<SEMCOL> need for increased amounts to get the same results, and withdrawal symptoms when consumption is stopped.
none
If you drink over 3 drinks a week youd be considered an alcoholic.
Some people have a genetic disposition to addiction. What or even why and how a person becomes addicted to a certain thing whether be food, alcohol, or medication/drugs is not now known. There are certain co-factors believed to be both learned and predisposed. These are depression and anxiety and low brain function related to neurotranmission. This last element covers the nature versus nurture component of physiological theory. This just means people with no predisposition may learn the actions and habits of alcoholics when young and their brains accept these as normal... the result is alcoholism.
Alcohol is worse.
You should have done some research before your wrote this. The profession with the highest substance abuse rate is food preparation, waitresses and bartenders, followed by construction workers. http://oas.samhsa.gov/occupation.htm Edit: maybe you should consider the correlation between high-stress occupation asn divorce/sucide rates.
My parents didnt drink. I am a recovering addict. (alcohol is a drug) My wifes daddy was an EXTREME alcoholic. He died from chorisis (?) of the liver with 99% toxin in his blood and a perforated stomach. She doesnt drink. She says the taste is terrible. I have some friends who do drink socially and some friends who are "mean drunks" ( there but by the grace of God, go I) Their parents did and didnt drink. My daddys brother did. Look, all Im saying is that you may or may not have "alcoholic tendencies". So, what are your chances? 50/50 Either you do Or dont My daughter was afraid of the very same thing. When she turned 21, I was with her when she had her first taste of alcohol. She cant stand the taste either. May God be with you.
Addiction is found everywhere, not only in humans. Birds, for example, primarily eat BIRD seed right? Makes sense? But in fact, bird owners must limit the amount of seed their bird consumes, and often give their bird a pellet diet supplemented with fresh veg. They then only give seed for treats. Why? Seeds are high in fat. It may be good fat, but the birds body is not equipped to handle the fat. And yet, put bird seed in front of a bird and they will peck like little crack addicts until all the seed is gone. They are addicted. It tastes so good, and they just want more and more, even though a seed diet will drastically shorten their little birdie life.
There will be mental upset if a person is addicted to drugs and if he does not get it. Same thing happens in alcoholics too. Although they may not die immediately there are lot of deleterious effects on their bodies.They spoil their liver,immune system etc,.If a person is addicted to both drugs and alcohol he is moving very fast to chronic sickness physically and mentally. No one can save such irresponsible persons..
Im a recovered alcoholic in my 5th year of sobriety thanks to AA, believe me I tried everything to try ans mask my drinking, however I know that nothing can effectively because the smell is coming from the alcohol laden breath from your lungs. I almost became addicted to extra strong mints, but the nearest thing to an effective mask was chewing a sprig of parsley.
I was addicted to alcohol for about 25 years. I started drinking at a young age<SEMCOL> in retrospect I think to help me deal with growing up in a sick family, but by the time I reached adulthood the addiction had a life of its own. It took over my life, and it seemed for a very long time as though there was no way I would ever be able to kick it. Those were very dark years full of pain, guilt and anxiety<SEMCOL> I would not wish such pain on anyone. It was not fun. Ultimately the pain reached the point where I was willing to endure whatever I had to endure to quit, and I put down the drink and never looked back. That was in 1998. I do not call myself an "alcoholic", recovering or otherwise, at this point. I do not feel the need for lifelong identification with a problem I left behind over 12 years ago.
Alcohol is legal, despite the fact that it can be addictive and toxic, because it is enjoyable and safe when adults consume it moderately. It even has health benefits: on average, people who have one glass of red wine a day live longer than people who never drink at all. Children (certainly) and teenagers (ideally) should avoid alcohol because their growing bodies can be damaged by alcohol consumption. Prohibition of alcohol, wherever it was tried, actually increased the number of alcoholics and made organised crime richer. Cigarettes (and using tobacco in general) became a social reality centuries before anyone suspected it was a deadly habit. By now, there are two major policy problems: 1- As many others have pointed out, governments get very large tax revenue from the manufacturing and sales of cigarettes. This tax revenue is not easy to replace without creating a very real impact on the economy. Despite this, most governments do have a plan to "tax tobacco out of existence" over the long term. 2- A more subtle problem is enforcement. A (smart) government never makes a law it cannot enforce, otherwise, it undermines the entire legal system. At this point, making tobacco illegal would just turn millions of innocent addicts into criminals overnight (and organised crime would get richer). Prohibition simply does not work. The best legal strategy with tobacco is to keep restricting the places where it can be used, increase taxes on tobacco products, and make manufacturers pay for health care as well as quitting programmes. This is what the European Union is doing and it works: tobacco sales are declining every year.
No. Alcoholism is being addicted to alcohol, so if you can take it or leave it whenever you see liquor and your life isnt revolving around drinking then youre not addicted to it. It sounds like youre simply able to metabolize the liquor out of your system quicker than others.
I remember hearing that, along with the alcohol issue, she was addicted to prescription pain killers. I havent heard anything about Cocaine. Cocaine would not have a sedation effect anyways. But pain killers would explain the sedation.
Mild to Moderate Alcohol Withdrawal Symptoms The following is a list of mild to moderate alcohol withdrawal symptoms that usually occur within 6 to 48 hours after the last alcoholic drink has been consumed: Sweating (especially on the face or the palms of the hands) Rapid emotional changes Insomnia, sleeping difficulties Clammy skin Easily excited, irritability Vomiting Feeling nervous or jumpy Depression Tremor of the hands Headaches (especially those that pulsate) Difficulty thinking clearly Fatigue Looking pale, without color Involuntary, abnormal movements of the eyelids Nightmares Anxiety Abnormal movements Eyes or pupils different size (enlarged, dilated pupils) Rapid heart rate Nausea Loss of appetite Severe Alcohol Withdrawal Symptoms The following are severe alcohol withdrawal symptoms that typically take place within 48 to 96 hours after the last alcoholic drink has been ingested: Excessive irritability Increased depression Fever Increased difficulty thinking clearly Convulsions More extreme emotional changes Delirium tremens (DTs) Seizures Muscle tremors Black outs Severe autonomic nervous system overactivity Visual hallucinations Extreme anxiety The shakes n that can last up to a month. Last time I had alcohol withdrawal I had to go to the emergency room because I started having seizures at around my 30th hour without a drink. So make sure you dont detox alone if your addicted.Take care.
alcohol is considered a drug due to a number of reasons. firstly, alcohol is considered a "depressant drug." many people consider it a stimulant but that is false. alcohol slows down the activity in your nervous system which slows down the messages sent to the brain. like other depressant drugs, like sedatives that are used when doing surgery, alcohol affects concentration and coordination, as well as reaction speeds. Alcohol is addictive. just like drugs such as marijuana, tobacco, and cocaine, people can become addicted to alcohol and thus will not be able to continue in their daily routine unless they consume it. just like any other drug, a heavy drinker who suddenly stops drinking will have withdrawal symptoms, where the body is struggling to function without the substance. in relation to what you are saying, in "its legal and most drugs are illegal", no alcohol is not considered an illegal drug such as heroine. alcohol is considered to be safer than illegal drugs and therefore isnt classified as one. but that doesnt mean it is not a drug. the panadol you take when you have a headache after drinking too much alcohol is a drug, as well as the fever tablets you take in spring, the tobacco you smoke when youre stressed and every other medication you will find when you walk into a pharmacy. because it is legal doesnt make it less of a drug. people can die from an overdose of alcohol just like they can die of a drug overdose when they take too many pain killers like panadol. these are the facts. alcohol is in fact a drug.
I think its a complicated mixture of genetics, availability, the way we deal with emotions, etc. My father was an alcoholic, as was his father and uncles. Was his behavior learned or genetic? I wonder if there will ever be a definitive answer as to why it occurs, or how to effectively avoid it or cure it.
Avoid situations where it is available. You will be in better health, find joy in life, have more $ to spend on ur girlfriend and/or yourself for more productive things.
If you have to ask, its time to cut back or stop completely. Check out my sources. When I read about the dangers of drinking, I stopped reading HENNY YOUNGMAN
Your friends are probably saying that you are an alcoholic because you probably drink more than you use too.An alocholic is a person who has to drink , needs to drink, and cant deal with issues or life unless they have alcohol. Alcholics wake up thinking about liquor and will have a drink. If you can not let a day go by without alochol, then youd be an alcoholic. Every now and then drinking is ok, unless you binge, overdo or rely it for dealing with daily life issues.
I have to admit, im Aquarius Sun and Sagittarius Rising, and ive abused alcohol. I saw somewhere that air signs are more likely to develop addictions to things, im not sure why. Then i realised that most of the alcoholics and drug addicts i know are either air signs or have heavily influenced air element in their chart. My father used to be a alcoholic and hes a Gemini, then i knew two Libra with Aquarius Moon and Libra Mars who had a really bad drug and alcohol addiction. I might do some research into it, it seems to me that most alcoholics/drug addicts are Gemini, Libra, Sagittarius, Aquarius or Pisces.
F*** yes alcohol should be illegal. Its a known fact that as you said, alcoholics are more harmful than drug users. Dont remember if it was on the news or online that I read, but definitely, its proven that drunks are more of a danger to people. :] Meth is great to do on occasion by the way. <SEMCOL>) Im glad youre not like the idiots that abuse it and blame it on the drug. People abuse drugs. The drug doesnt abuse you.
No, I wouldnt give either of the girls any alcohol. My niece is the product of parents that are both alcoholics and her mom is an addict. My husband is a recovering alcoholic. I dont think it is in the best interest of either girl to expose them to alcohol. Now, when I was that age, I did drink and I have a few "drunk dials" under my belt. Some things we just cant take back. I would give your son her message<SEMCOL> what he does with the info is up to him. I have a feeling the girl would like to apologize.
The reality is that Alcohol is the cause of much crime in the U.S., but there is little that can be done about it. The 18th amendment put a prohibition on alcohol in 1920, this had a disasterous effect on crime, which allowed for people like Al Capone to come to power in Chicago. The difference between alcohol and Marijuana is consumption. Alcohol has been in the mainstream for thousands of years, and a majority of alcohol users do not fit the technical definition of an addict. Marijuana has only started getting popular for the past 50 years (some might say 100), and still, a majority of people claim that they would not smoke weed, even if it were legal. There is also the stigma of marijuana being a gateway drug. Whether or not it is true, which I think there is a strong case for, the majority of people still think it is. Weed is also highly addictive, and anyone who tells you otherwise, is clearly addicted to it, and has failed the first step. But there are tremendous advantages to legalizing Marijuana, such as, even though a majority of people don   t smoke it, there are plenty that do, and the tax revenues made from Marijuana could put a huge dent in our State and National debts (given that all the revenue go to pay down the debt). Also, almost a third of people on probation in most states, is for drug charges, most of them related to Marijuana. Think about how much more money we could use towards things like education and healthcare with the money were not spending on enforcing marijuana laws. So I guess the question we should ask ourselves, is do we feel comfortable, as a people, benefiting and profiting off of the addictions of those who chose to use Marijuana? We already do the same for tobacco products right? Or is there something else that is so morally wrong about Marijuana, that we wouldn   t want it legal, regardless of the benefits?
it tells the reader what to expect from the rest of the paper. is usually a single sentence somewhere in your first paragraph that presents your argument to the reader. The rest of the paper, the body of the essay, gathers and organizes evidence that will persuade the reader of the logic of your interpretation.
A person with a drug addiction and/or drinking problem should talk with a Certified Addictions Counselor. This site has counseling (outpatient) and treatment programs for those with a substance abuse problem (and some offer state and/or county funding for those without health insurance): http://dasis3.samhsa.gov/ and can click ones state of residence on the map and then continue with the search. Those with a drug and/or alcohol problem should attend 12-step meetings offered by 12-step programs such Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous. The self-help groups are free of charge, and the only requirement is having a desire to get sober. For  meetings: http://www.na.org AA meetings (and one may attend an "open" meeting if doesnt have a drinking problem or vice versa): http://www.aa.org For the family members and friends of the addict or problem drinker, there are 12-step groups such as Nar-anon and Al-Anon, respectively: Nar-anon meetings (just to reiterate that its for the relatives and friends of the addict): http://www.nar-anon.org For Al-Anon meetings (and there are usually more Al-Anon than Nar-anon meetings nationwide): http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/ This site has some common mottos pertaining to those 12-step programs such as AA or  including "One day at a time", "First things first" and "People, places and things": http://www.royy.com/toolsofrecovery.html
Yes. Alcoholic is just a shorter term for alcohol addiction. It is an addiction because alcoholics arent just people who wake up and down a bottle of Jack. They are people that may not even drink that much or that often, but their brain "needs" alcohol to function. Heres the difference: Typical college kid binge drinks every other weekend and may pass out or do stupid stuff, he may even ingest a lot of alcohol at the next frat party, but this man is not necessarily an alcoholic. Typical guy who comes home after work angry and stressed and reaches for a bottle despite being alone because this is the only way he can cope is an addict, even if the amount of alcohol is less than the binge drinker at the party. Addiction is a coping mechanism that is learned and relearned by the brain and takes time to develop. The amount of alcohol isnt always high, its not how much you drink but why you drink that determines addiction.
My abnormal psych teacher told us about one of his patients who has a drinking addiction. the person always needs to drink something even if he does not like what he is drinking. He at one point drank laundry detergent and though he was gaging from the taste he continued to drink.
Hello Kicka, The disease of alcoholism is prevalent in the United States. According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA), alcohol, the most widely used psychoactive drug in the United States, has unique pharmacological effects on the person drinking it. Alcoholism is a chronic illness, with genetic, psychosocial, and many environmental factors that add to its commonality among its abusers. These basic components influence the development and symptoms of alcoholism which is often a progressive and fatal disease. And for people who start abusing alcohol, whether while experimenting or in social setting, the abuse often progresses to dependency and addiction. When this happens, major consequences result for the individuals and their families. It even has an effect on society in various ways. Those who are dependent on alcohol usually experience increasingly debilitating or dysfunctional physical, social, financial, and emotional effects. Treatment is essential for those who become addicted to alcohol and are unable to control their use of alcohol or other drugs (SAMHSA). According to the National Council on Alcohol and Drug Dependence (NCADD) alcoholism is characterized by continuous or periodic: impaired control over drinking, preoccupation with the drug alcohol, use of alcohol despite adverse consequences, and distortions in thinking, most notably denial. Read the complete essay here:
Not on the fathers side. It could be mental illness and that would explain him self medicating with drugs and alcohol. But he cant transfer an illness from them. He could only transfer genetic conditions not environmental ones. Now if the mother was on drugs and alcohol then that could be the cause.
I think what you are getting at is the catalyst for spawning a good theme for your book. I am an interventionist. In my experience there are three key ingredients that influence the development of addiction. Emotional Pain - Spiritual Scarring - Chemical imbalance either drug induced or biologically inherited. I see how you have the wife cheating on the husband, there can be your emotional pain. You now need to developed some type of spiritual scarring for him and a chemical imbalance ( you could do without the imbalance ). For example, his mother may have cheated on his father ( her husband ) with someone else and he ( the addict ) witnessed it. And during the course of the two of them ( your character that is the alcoholic ) fornicating he ( the addict ) walked in on his mother and this unknown man. You could do something like that. Hope this helps! http://www.pathwayinterventions.com
Whichever one is abused is worse. Both are worry free when used responsibly. When research is conducted on the use, abuse, and its effects of marijuana we can make a meaningful and fair comparison. Until then its just straight conjecture on any persons part to side with either one. Too many addicts of marijuana commit driving while intoxicated offenses but because they also had a beer or two, its the alcohol that is blamed. Potheads are lazy, etc. See just how easy it is to blame something for peoples actions without first having research to learn and then conducting a fair comparison. I use alcohol in a responsible way and consider it safer. http://answers.yahoo.com/search/search_r    http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>    Put another way, from above I can put this way. Marijuana is worse. It impairs the user more, causes heavy reliance and addiction, loss of reasoning and motor skills, makes you sick the next day, etc. Alcohol impacts people differently, but the several times I have drank it is just made me hungry, calmed my nerves, and generally relaxed me. " Plus have you ever heard of a THC overdose?" Marijuana addiction is real so I have heard of THC overdose. These things are dependent upon individual people. I have known good people become complete idiots by abusing marijuana. Until real and extensive research is conducted we will never know the full and complete benefits and harm marijuana presents. For now lets stop fooling ourselves that it is harmless, it is not.
They only treatment they need is cold, hard atheism. :)
First time - Curiously, peer pressure. Why do they become addicted? Constant peer-pressure and they become dependent on it as they see life as boring without it
Short term you get drunk and may be fall over. Then, if you get addicted and drink too much on a daily basis, it starts to affect your liver function. Over time, alcohol abuse can kill off many of your brain cells, affect: your skin and looks, your mobility, joints and bone density, your stomach and internal organs, specifically your liver (cirrhosis), kidney function, bowels, causing constipation and or incontinence, reduced sexual desire and performance, gastric dilatation (where your stomach cannot empty properly), pancreatitis, diabetes and blood count. Many alcoholics fail to eat properly or take in sufficient vitamins and minerals which may also cause some of the above. Unless treated, alcohol abuse is fatal. Death can be caused by a number of conditions depending on the individual, but liver failure (cirrhosis), pancreatitis and diabetes are common causes of death. Alcohol abuse is a medical condition where the abuser needs help. Unfortunately, todays help for the alcoholic requires their own ability to help themselves and for some, this is just not possible.
my friend,First of all stay calm.Nowadays there are medicine to quit drinking ,which u can get easily from drug store,according to the prescribtion mix it with food,that wil do the job to leave the intoxicants drinks automatically if he is an addict otherwise ther also maybe some tension he only knows but for that u r his daughter,u love ur father right.then being a loving daughter u must find out ...?and beat that odds out.atlast say ur parents letz get going to picnik and dont forget ur bro.k
i dont like alcohol too....and its better to live a life without addiction. You know I have one rule of my life :" Make habit of only those things to whom you can leave whenever u want" , Hence I know if i will start drinking or using drugs i ll get addicted easily ...but it will be very tough to me to get away from those addictions.If i am using occasionaly so that i could not make a habit then these are not going to harm my mind-body.you know i have my so many colleagues who are habitual of snuffing,drug addicted,regular user of alcohol....one thing i found in them they all are slaves of their desires...and the condition of this addiction is created by themselves knowingly.It doesnt mean i never used these addiction stuffs ....i used them rarely...and never compell my self to use them again...so i am a free man...enjoying life a lot. You know there is scientific base of these activity.....all these narcotic stuffs ..releases "endorsin" like chemicals in brain which creates ectasy and euphoria. Alternate to these harmfull drugs and alcohol is obviously are so many such as...sex,sports victory,entertainments etc....so involve yourself in others.
none
none
get rid of all the bottles and just when you see on edont touch it at all...no matter what, self control man...
Billions lots drug addicts !!!!!!!! Watch intervention and dr drew
An alcoholic is addicted to alcohol. Neither of those situations describes that condition. Having a drink or two with friends several times a week does not make one an alcoholic. Nor does binge drinking (infrequently drinking to excess). If you want to learn more about alcoholism, go to http://alcoholism.about.com/
in the 1920s alcohol was illegal for a while it was called Prohibition and crime sky rocketed with all the illegal speak easys thus Prohibition was repealed
most people are either physically addicted, or they are addicted to the effects. people who start drinking at a younger age are at a higher risk of becoming alcoholics.. read the following link, and if you notice anything similar with myself and you, than be careful.. and dont lead the same life ive lead. drinking was fun for awhile, drunk at times, but have caused me a ton of trouble
You cant. She has to figure this out on her own. However, if you do not want to talk with her when shes drunk, then dont. And Im sorry, my dear, but I really dont believe that "they made her feel like it wasnt a real problem cause shes only 19". Consider the source: **shes** saying that because shes trying to minimize her problems and excuse the fact that shes an addict. Addiction is a problem, at any age. And coke is really easy to get hooked on, particularly for addictive personalities. Dont do yourself the disservice of taking her at her word. The first thing you need to learn about substance abusers is that they lie, lie, lie, and manipulate people and situations like crazy. That statement doesnt pass the sniff test. You might want to try Al-Anon<SEMCOL> you would learn a lot. One of the things you will learn is that you cant make any other person see anything they dont want to see...
No, there are three components to addiction: Mental, Physical, and Behavioral. Mental: alcohol and some drugs are usually a method to escape some form of stress and the people using them are doing what is termed "self medication". It is used as an escape to get away from whatever initial problems/stresses that they could not deal with in the first place. Unhappily, this route of escape usually just causes more problems due to choices made while under the influence or while attempting to get more of whatever their drug of choice is. Physical: yes, there is a physical aspect of addiction. People do end up craving whatever their addictive substance is. That is why it is called addiction. Their bodies physically crave their drug of choice be it coffee, cocaine, alcohol, caffeine. This physical need is what drives the behaviors you see as people will at some point do what they have to do in order to satisfy that physical craving. Behavioral: we are all creatures of habit. I like to start walking my dogs at 5 pm. If I dont get to go on that walk (yeah, Im an endorphine junkie) I can get very tense because I am off my routine (that and the dogs are making me nuts with all their hyperness, lol!). For addicts, their routine and lives are built around their use, and it IS a habit so to speak! So, I like exercise,its my habit... but for an an addict who, lets say, likes wine...Lets say that their usual drinking time started at 5 pm. Every day at 5 pm, guess what they are thining about (for me, its that walk, for them, that bottle)? Get it? It is like that 9am cig break that nicotine addicts "have" to have. Have you ever been around anyone who has stopped smoking but doesnt know what to do with that 10 min. now? There is a whole behavioral ritual thing that people find comfort in. For the addict it is the feel of the drug on the body plus the rituals involved around getting the drug in them. So, not only do they have to replace that behavior/ritual, they have to avoid things that would trigger the craving for the comfort of the drug and the ritual. Not an easy thing. How do you avoid 9 am? So not only do they have to deal with whatever they were self-medicating to avoid in the first place, and the physical need for whatever their choice is, then you have the whole daily routine thing that in and of itself is a trigger. So, no, it isnt "just a frame of mind" Addiction at that level is actually a total lifestyle, some function better than others at it, but all in all, the persons whole life is usually wrapped up in that substance abuse. So, it is more like a TOTAL life change... getting the persons body to stop needing the substance physically, and a total lifestyle change to avoid the behavioral/association triggers, and then the very hard mental health work to deal with what was driving the behavior in the first place... Its a tough, hard thing to do and I really admire people who take on their addiction and are able to be sober. It is a lifetime struggle for them and it should not be minimalized as a "choice" (seriously, who would willingly CHOOSE that?) or a moral weakness.
honey eye issues are the least of your babys problems. It can cause lung, liver, heart, brain, problems not to mention your baby could also be born already addicted. and you could be in jail for bringing a baby into the world on drugs. please let this innocent victim be born in a straight environment. After that do what you want! thinking of your self is being very selfish. think about adoption. good luck
having it RARELY wont affect her too much...but you should tell her mother because it is NOT a good habbit to start, exspecially this early in life!!! she may not want to be your friend after, but it is not good to have a friend who could eventually turn into a bad influence
Alcohol detox can be deadly. 8 beers for a 110lb person daily is a significant buzz, especially with xanax, but most likely not deadly. When do you take the trazadone? It makes me feel too weird. Im prescribed 100mg and Im 190lb. I havent had a drink since 11/09. When you get a medical detox for alcohol they can give you atavan or clonipan, both benzodiazepines like xanax. 8 beers daily can ruin your life but probably wont give you the DTs that bad. Its not the alcohol anyway, the alcohol is a symptom of your underlying mental condition. You are the problem, your thinking, followed by your behavior. You know its screwed up. I know it buy your words because Im just like you. If you can check into a treatment facility, The state or health insurance pays. Who cares who pays, its your life were talking about. To get through this you have to be honest with yourself and others, youve started that already. Open-minded to listen and willing to take action. Go to AA or . Listen its simple but not easy. I only quit for one day, thats all I do. Today. I dont drink or use drugs for 5 minutes, or 1 hour, sometimes I went to bed at 
Hi, this is a terribly sad position for you and your sister to be in, and no children should have to go through it, but it happens all over the world, so unfortunately you have to get on with it. My mum is an alcoholic, and like you, she only started to drink when I was around 13. I do not suffer from an eating disorder, so I cant offer you any advice on that but it has been very hard for me and my siblings ()and our entire family, for that matter to deal with her lifestyle. We all ask her regularly to stop drinking, but I guess someone will only want to give up an addiction if THEY really want to do it for THEMSELVES. It is evident that you really care for her but it must be so hard for you to cope. Doctors can only help so much, so I dont really know what to suggest with regards to medical / professional help as I live in the U.K, so the system is different over here.(Possibly call Adult Social Services/the U.S equivalent, or an alcohol treatment centre to ask for advice). I am 24 now and she has curtailed her drinking somewhat, but it has caused so many problems over the years, and it really is sad to think she will end up the same way as her mother. I know that I will never end up like that as I have seen the level of destruction that it causes. I hope that whatever happens with your situation, you can deal with your problems safely, and realise that none of this is your fault or a reflection of you as a person/daughter. It just so happened that your mother has a problem, she needs to get help, and move on with life. One day, hopefully she will see that she was wrong, and be eternally greatful and thankful to you for your support. Best wishes.
Yes, because there are many LGBT people that suffer from depression, hopelessness, anger, and self-loathing, especially those who are jammed in the closet or trapped in a less accepting environment. Most people who are depressed also have a high risk of substance abuse, including alcohol and drugs. Its a way to temporarily escape reality for them, and alcohol, if consumed in small quantities, does provide a feeling of elation at first, but as a person drinks more (desiring the same feeling), they will experience even more depression and anger, as the alcohol emphasizes negative emotions after a large intake. The same deal with certain drugs like Ecstasy and marijuana. They give you brief feelings of comfort, which is why people who are depressed crave them. Edit: However, as others have stated, sexual orientation is not a factor that increases the risk of alcoholism. There are other things that contribute, such as genetics, abuse, and stress from other places (like work). Ive known people from broken homes who turn to drugs to cope. From experience, you can tell the people with real problems from the people who do it just because they think its cool.
smoking and alcohol, as Ive experienced it, is more like an impulse. If people lean towards these, they usually hear about how it can make you feel so much better, and they really want to try it. In my case, my judgement isnt the best in the world. I knew all of the risks, but meth, to me, was STILL seen in a good light, even after seeing the physical changes it can cause. Eating disorders and cutting are very obscure and difficult to pinpoint. People may cut to communicate their feelings to others, threaten suicide, or, in MOST cases, try to subdue an intense feeling, such as anger or pain, or try to feel something, such as in dissociation. Im a generally angry person, and when I cut, I never particularly felt euphoric (though a lot of people do), but I felt calmer, and all my focus, which was previously on my anger, was then on deciding where to cut, which patterns, etc. Eating disorders usually stem from low self-esteem, perfectionism, and a feeling that if you were thinner, your life would be better. Its hard to understand the last feeling unless you havent felt it before, but people who DO feel that way usually think, "People will overlook my obnoxious/bad/stupid/ugly personality if i look thinner.", "People will want to date me if I look thinner,", "Everything will be easier once Im thinner(such as sports, clothes shopping, etc)," The people who end up with eating disorders dont usually intend to have an eating disorder, they usually just push too hard when trying to lose weight, telling themselves theyll stop when they reach their goal weight, and then thinking a little more wouldnt hurt... They become psychologically addicted. Mainly, people dont intend to turn to these things, they just do, or they get strange impulses to try something that will make them feel better about themselves.
Some people drink alcohol because they like the taste of it. Others drink because it helps them relax, have a good time and be themselves! Lastly, some people are addicted to alcohol and these people are called alcoholics.
Because alcohol and cigarettes have been legal for agesss and the government gets tax on them. If you made them illegal, there would be a public uproar and the government would lose out on a lot of money.
The Social Security Disability program was set up to help those who, by no fault of their own, become unable to sustain gainful employment and therefore provide for themselves the essentials of living. According to the SSA, drug addicts or alcoholics cannot be considered "disabled" on the basis that those terms are diagnostic terms. Those terms do not communicate impairment or severity. The other factor is that someone would have to prove that the disabling disease, in this case alcoholism and/or drug abuse, would last more than 12 months without treatment. Since drug abuse and alcoholism are both treatable diseases, they would most likely be denied because of that reason - considering SSA denies 80% of initial claims in the first place and 40% thereafter. With that said, excessive alcohol and/or drug use, if abused long enough, can and will cause major health issues that could be considered debilitating.
*face palm* No sweetie, it does not cause brain damage. According to research it actually can help brain cells grow. I included a link to the study below if you would like to take a look. And to the idiot saying that you can get addicted to it, its a complete lie. Marijuana has no chemical dependencies, and is not bad or harmful to you in any way. Its much more harmful drinking a beer, or smoking a cigarette. It does not cause lung cancer, and some research studies have shown that it may actually cure certain types of cancer. Also<SEMCOL> did you know that humans have THC receptors in their brain? Explain why it is bad for us if we have clearly evolved to use it.
The US banned alcohol once and it didnt work. Tobacco use is falling, both with increasing taxation and with peer pressure. Its still banning marijuana, and thats not working either. The problem is use by minors. Thats the target pool for most drugs, and most of the ones that become addicted. Minors are too young to make life choices of this type, as all of these substances can make permanent changes in the brain.
you need to get your facts straight. Weed can kill you. it causes cancer (like anything else smoked) and causes fault accidents while driving high. whether that is cause for it to be illegal... im not sure.
They both have numerous bad side effects. Drinking effects your kidneys and smoking effects your lungs. So regardless of which one you do, they both harm your organs. The damage from both of them can never be fixed. Some people claim that smoking marijuana is better for you, but its not. Deep down, it can cause just as many problems. Once you start drinking and smoking, you can never go back. It stays in your body forever. Marijuana is bad for your lungs and alcohol is very bad for your liver. If youre thinking about doing one, I dont recommend it. They can both become addicting and lead to a lifetime filled with problems. Dont throw your life away with alcohol or drugs, its not worth it.
Youre more at risk for having an addiction because of your family history. But no, theres absolutely no guarantee that you will become addicted to alcohol or any other drug if you try it. Just be responsible and watch yourself when/if you start drinking and be sure to keep yourself under check before things go too far (if they ever were to develop that way).
Well, its a depressant, I dont know how else to "use" it other than to drink it, but I guess someone crazy enough would rather inject it. The drinks vary from Vodka, rum, whiskey, beer, etc. Tolerance varies between factors like Gender, age, exposure to it (IE how much have you had before) and your weight. Alcohol can be addicting but that depends on the users family history (like is alcoholism a common thing in the family) and how they use it. IE cope with their issues as opposed to just drinking with friends. Hope that helps.
I guess its not going to be Tom Pettys Last Dance with Mary Jane. So, it might very well be Neil Youngs "Needle and the Damage Done" from our parents or Grandparents Woodstock generation.
I am not a hypocrite about this. I have never said, "We dont want a nation full of dopey pot-heads." Instead, I have ALWAYS said, "We have ENOUGH trouble with ALCOHOL being legal and abused, and you want to add MARIJUA to the mix???" I have lost friends to drunken drivers, and had friends lives screwed up by drunken people and alcoholics. So I know the ill-effects of alcohol. The problem we have is that we DID try to make alcohol ILLEGAL... have you never heard of Prohibition?? And, guess what? That didnt work. So, we had to repeal it. It is my feeling that the reason Prohibition did not work was because alcohol was legal to begin with AND an IMMENSE part of our culture and society, and trying to take it away lock, stock, and wine barrel, was one of the DUMBEST and most unworkable ideas ever hatched. We do not have that situation with marijuana. It is NOT currently LEGAL NOR is it an ingrained part of our society and culture (that is, it is not part of our rites, rituals, and social norms -- compare opium with Chinese culture!). Therefore, we should NOT make it legal. 1. REPEAL the 16th Amendment!! 2. DISBAND The FED! 3. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ_okAgAU    Republican since before she was born    and PROUD of it.
17 years old guy here 1 Yes it is a big problem. 2 Yes i do 3 No i made up my mind no to do those a while ago so now i dont need no influence. I was also raised in a Christian family so these were big no-nos, so this is probably the reason. 4 In Moldova, the country i moved to USA from, there is a lot of Slavic people, and you know they are famous for drinking. Almost all of my non-Christian relatives drink a lot of alcohol, and some of them are probably alcoholics, if not most of them. Also, my biological dad and all my uncles are alcoholics, and all of them left their families, plus some of them did/are doing drugs. I dont even know anything about them now. What influenced them to start doing it all? Probable peer pressure back in Soviet schools, and then maybe the usual for young people curiosity and the desire to try all there is. Live to the fullest they say, but end up living miserable lives So I am happy my step dad is a Christian and raised me according to what Bible says, and I will not follow my biological dads mistakes. Oh Oh i just remembered. The only time i actually saw someone using drugs, was in a college restroom. One long haired guy there was snorting some white powder through a rolled dollar bill or something. I was so shocked i never saw a person doing drugs before...
none
The Party Never Stops: Diary of a Binge Drinker (2007 TV movie) starring Sara Paxton, Chelsea Hobbs, James Kirk, Nancy Travis IMDb synopsis: As mothers girl, Jessie got good enough grades and track and field results to be the Brenner familys first going to college. But her immaturity soon allows addiction to alcohol in the Greek life, which her lewd dorm mate Shanna introduces her to, wrecking both college pursuits. She also wastes her virginity without asking questions, then dumps the dream prince for not being monogamous, only to become another party slut. Only musically gifted Colin is a good influence. Only after an Internat scandal, mother discovers the extent of Jessies orgiastic debauchery.
No one knows that because the reasons are far too vast. Its like asking, "Why do people resort to religion?" Some think it is a mental disease which is what i think of religion. http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index<SEMCOL>_ylt=    http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index<SEMCOL>_ylt=   
I dont think so. There are many reasons why you might like alcohol. 1. You like the taste. 2. You get tired with all day work and your body needs to relax. 3. You want to test and improve your tolerance of alcohol. 4. You think drinking is the only thing to kill time specially in the evening ...... LOL. . If you still think that you are addicted, try avoiding it for 8-10 days. You will know.
shes a drunk,  alcoholics go to AA meetings, go thru the 12 step program and have sponsors that help them
You cannot get addicted to pot (if you think you are just stop thinking and toke some more) and you cannot overdose on pot. If a pothead was in a car accident it would have to be at very low speeds and the cops would know they were high because the pothead would say things like DUDE, TOTALLY and AWESOME. People who smoke pot will have bloodshot eyes or even slanted eyes and if the cop suspects they are under the influence he can take them downtown for a blood test, if they refuse there goes their license. Now Im not saying go out and get high on your classmates supply!! I commend you for not wanting to smoke because the fact is pot does make you stupid and lazy and hella hungry!! Now if you do decide to experiment with pot please dont do so after drinking because you can tell the world is spinning and you will get sick. They dont mix.
You must instill harsh discipline upon yourself, only then, can you resist drinking, smoking, and cutting. Im talking about self-discipline, not the kind of discipline that only comes in effect when someones yelling at you, though the latter type is helpful too, as long as the disciplinarian and the disciplinee share the same goals.
Alcohol is a toxin to every single cell in the body... Alcohol is, literally, more damaging to body, mind, and culture than taking ecstasy... If I had my way, Id ban human consumption of alcohol and legalize weed because only 9% of people that have the biological/genetic makeup for addiction are capable of becoming addicted to Marijuana and RESPONSIBLE use of weed is far less dangerous than alcohol. Dont get me wrong... Marijuana is far from "Harmless". When one does become addicted, it is a PROFOUND addiction on par with Opiate Addiction. Use by children results in permanent brain damage because it alters the development of the frontal lobe. Marijuana should be legalized yet regulated like alcohol is right now... "Alcohol doesnt have the potential to trigger dormant schizophrenia." You are correct... Except that Alcohol triggers violence, brain damage, cancer, kidney damage, liver damage, and addiction that destroys the lives of the family members that must deal with the alcoholic. The damage, in total, when you compare alcohol and marijuana is clear and direct... weed does far less damage to our species than alcohol. Period. EVERYONE should google the following documentaries: 1. BBC Horizon "Cannabis: The Evil Weed?" 2. BBC Is Alcohol More Dangerous Than Ecstasy? 3. BBC America Reveals: Should I Smoke Dope? 4. The History Channel "Hooked: Illegal Drugs & How They Got That Way" 5. BBC If... Drugs were legal. 6. BBC If... Drugs were legal - The if debate P.S. I dont consume marijuana... I havent since 2006 when it began to trigger anxiety attacks in me. I used it 1 to 2 times a month, on a friday or saturday, the way that other people would have a glass of wine to relax. I tarted to get bad side effects so I stopped cold turkey and havent looked back... But my own inability to imbibe doesnt mean that other people should be restricted when the evidence is CLEAR.
none
Sounds like the beginning of some kind of addiction. If you want to live past age 42, I suggest you stop.
I had to do this research, too. I used google and went on official government websites on the issues (drinkaware, for example). Seriously, you could do this yourself. I had to. Ill give you a head start: - Find and watch the documentary Ben: Diary of a heroin addict and various youtube clips of people going through alcohol withdrawal are available - Find real life stories on alcohol and drug addiction (usually in magazines like Thats Life made for older women. They are useful, though). You could also find these in the news in some serious cases - Find academic books in the library on the addictions which were written and used in your storys time period - As a medical health professional about the specific effects - Go to Wikipedia and check out the resources the article writer(s) used to gather the information from - Watch films involving alcohol and the substances involved in your book (for example for heroin you would look at Trainspotting, Requiem For A Dream, The Man with the Golden Arm and TV shows like Five Daughters)
Yes. you arent a alcoholic though. that takes years. but if you dont stop it will become a HUGE problem.
I actually dont drink neither do I have a father who is an alcoholic. But I found this article earlier on goarticles which talks about a certain book that can help either you or a loved one stop drinking. I read the main website of the book and it seems like a good book. Most especially for your particular situation. The article doesnt say anything about it helping other people stop drinking. But the main website does. You can read the article at http://GoArticles.com/article/4461448 I really do hope I helped! I hope things get better! God Bless
I dont think money has that much to do with anything. Sure, if theyre rich theyll have the money, but they would also have everything they wanted and would be less vaurnable. A poor person could have a family who supports them also. I would take a nutreal side, if thats possible. But if you have to choose, I would choose poor. They would most likely be faced with some sort of hardship and have to have sone sort of escape. Alcohol and drugs would be their escape. That doesnt mean there arent any rich drug addicts. Try to create a compare and contrast essay. That way you could tell how drugs and alcohol effect both sides. Since you asked for a side though, its probable not possible. Anyway, I hope I helped! It was kind of hard to put this into words.. Jordan :)
What I dislike about AA is the fact that they label themselves "alcoholics" and they condemn people to a life-long struggle with alcohol. Even if you quit, they claim you will always be an alcoholic. This is crap. Alcohol is an addicting substance and therefore many people develop an addiction. But an addiction can be reversed. It is a mistake to think that becoming addicted to an addictive substance is some type of inherent personal "flaw". I also disagree with the idea that there is a "disease" called "alcoholism" for basically the same reasons as above. What I like about AA is that it offers a social network of people who dont drink. This can be helpful to some people. AA also offers sober living housing for people who have literally lost everything to alcohol. They are well-meaning and do a lot of good, despite my disagreement with some of their main tenents.
Yes. It definitely is. It is beyond what one would consider an alcohol problem. The bad thing is youre going to have a very hard time convincing them of it. Most addicts will make every excuse in the book and will even get mad if you bring it up. Almost to the point of getting defensive. I wish you the best!
Alcohol just because of the social acceptance issue
Alcohol is sooooooooo much worse for you than marijuana. Especially if you are only "consuming" marijuana. If you are smoking it, its slightly more unhealthy because of the tar like substance called resin. I mean have you EVER heard of anyone getting liver desiese from smoking marijuana? Or being addicted to marijuana (for those of you who dont know, its impossible to get physically addicted to marijuana). If marijuana is used correctly, it acts as a medicine. (it is NOT a drug. drugs are chemicals, marijuana grows naturally out of the ground). It relieves stress, insomnia, cures glaucoma (THE ONLY CURE- MY GRANDMA USES IT FOR THIS PURPOSE), athsma, depression, high blood pressure and anorexia. Alcohol has ZERO benefits besides maybe relieving stress, but even prolonged light useage of alcohol does damage to the human body. The only reason people think marijuana causes lung cancer is because in most cases, those people also smoke cigarettes. Cigarettes are also much much much worse for you than marijuana. No one ever in history has ever died from prolonged marijuana use or marijuana OD. It is not possible to OD from marijuana. It is possible to get alcohol poisoning. The only alcoholic drink thought to be somewhat "good" for you is wine, and that is because wine is made by natural fermintation. See the pattern of health benefits here? The word natural. :] Also<SEMCOL> here is a thought<SEMCOL> The biggest killer of teenagers today is drunk driving. When teenagers get drunk, their judgement is impaired. They do a lot of stupid things when intoxicated by alcohol. Pregnancy happens this way occasionally, as do car accidents, alcohol poisoning and many people start acting violently while intoxicated by alcohol. My father abused me and my siblings when we were younger and also has abused alcohol for years and the only times he has acted violently towards us was when he was drunk. When he smokes marijuana, he sits in his recliner watching the news or whether and eats quietly. This is the same for teenagers (and all people for that matter). The worst thing to come out of the actions of people who smoke marijuana are occational allergic reactions. One of my friends is allergic to marijuana, and all that happens to him is his throat swells slightly and afterwards he gets a cough. This is thought to be a "violent" alergic reacton to marijuana smoke. Also, why if marijuana causes cancer would it be perscribed to cancer patients?
I believe that these are not places that use volunteer help. Too much expertise and confidentiality are needed.
Call the cops and make an anonymous noise complaint. <SEMCOL>) And if youre old enough, move out and forget em.
Definitely not! Being an alcoholic does not run in the family like some diseases or physical appearances! In this case, your mum being an alcoholic is causing you to be cautious around alcohol, because you do not want to become like that, which means you will have less chance of becoming an alcoholic. Also, to all the people saying alcoholism is a choice - it most certainly isnt! People do not choose to become alcoholic, it is like becoming addicted to drugs. Alcohol is a drug and it is addictive - just like heroin, ecstasy, cigarettes, etc. Sure, people may make the choice to drink, but they dont suddenly decide one day that Hey, I want to be an alcoholic! Some alcoholics do not even realise they are one.
A year ago on 3-18-2010. My husband and the father of my 4 yo. Was killed by a drunk driver. I took her to a consular and to aa for children of victims meetings. I will tell you now that there are no words to explain their problem. But you need to re enforce that you love them and it is not their fault. That what the person has is a sickness. All you can do is keep answering their questions. Honestly. And as they grow older they will figure it out. There is no right or wrong way to answer their questions. Just make sure that they know they can come to you with anything they are not sure about. From reading your question I can tell you care a lot about these kids. And are doing a great job. Keep up the good work.
the reason is that some people are pricks, and the main problem with a Republican or Democratic government is the potential to oppress the minority. Also, you forgot to mention how much the munchies would stimulate the economy. Im surprised Lays isnt lobbying for this.
Hi there and sorry to hear you are having a hard time. No you are not an alcoholic. An alcoholic can not STOP drinking and if they dont have it, they will go through withdrawals. They will never admit to being an alcoholic to anyone including themselves. My step father was an alcoholic and growing up with him in my life was hard. It sounds to me like you may be on your way to becoming one though if you dont put a stop to it now. You can still drink but try and limit it to sometimes or before you go out make yourself a promise that you would only have one or 2 drinks (not every night though). I know this is hard because I myself was not a true alcoholic but I drank everyday, sometimes all day. I like you loved the way it made me feel but to much alcohol can cause many health problems and I started to have some of them. Try going to some AA meetings and just listen to some of the things people have went through in life having this addiction. I went and it really was an eye opener. Here is some information for you. Good luck:) Alcoholism is a disabling addictive disorder. It is characterized by compulsive and uncontrolled consumption of alcohol despite its negative effects on the drinkers health, relationships, and social standing. Like other drug addictions, alcoholism is medically defined as a treatable disease.[1] The term alcoholism is widely used, and was first coined in 1849 by Magnus Huss, but in medicine the term was replaced by the concepts of "alcohol abuse" and "alcohol dependence" The biological mechanisms underpinning alcoholism are uncertain, however, risk factors include social environment, stress,[7] mental health, genetic predisposition, age, ethnic group, and sex.[8][9] Long-term alcohol abuse produces physiological changes in the brain such as tolerance and physical dependence. Such brain chemistry changes maintain the alcoholics compulsive inability to stop drinking and result in alcohol withdrawal syndrome upon discontinuation of alcohol consumption.[10] Alcohol damages almost every organ in the body, including the brain<SEMCOL> because of the cumulative toxic effects of chronic alcohol abuse, the alcoholic risks suffering a range of medical and psychiatric disorders.[11] Alcoholism has profound social consequences for alcoholics and the people in their lives.[12][13] Alcoholism is the cyclic presence of tolerance, withdrawal, and excessive alcohol use<SEMCOL> the drinkers inability to control such compulsive drinking, despite awareness of its harm to his or her health, indicates that the person might be an alcoholic.[14] Questionnaire-based screening is a method of detecting harmful drinking patterns, including alcoholism.[15] Alcohol detoxification is conducted to withdraw the alcoholic person from drinking alcohol, usually with cross-tolerance drugs, e.g. benzodiazepines to manage withdrawal symptoms.[16] Post-medical care, such as group therapy, or self-help groups, usually is required to maintain alcoholic abstention.[17][18] Often, alcoholics also are addicted to other drugs, most often benzodiazepines, which might require additional medical treatment.[19] The alcoholic woman is more sensitive to alcohols deleterious physical, cerebral, and mental effects, and increased social stigma, in relation to a man, for being an alcoholic.[20][21] The World Health Organization estimates that there are 140 million alcoholics worldwide
Since part of addiction is the inability to control the behavior, of course not. Alcoholics brains react completely differently from a non-alcoholic brain when alcohol is consumed.The drinking causes severe craving for more alcohol due to differences in an alcoholics brains response to alcohol. I can drink one drink and stop because my brain responds normally to ingesting alcohol. An addict cannot. The link below gives a medical explanation of the issue. There have been studies done by doing a brain scan of an alcoholic and a non-alcoholic after having a drink. In the alcoholic brain, several areas of the brain are lit up like a Christmas tree. In the normal brain there are no big differences after having a drink.
It is definitely hard dealing with a parent who is going through that. Im guessing that she has been to 12 step programs (AA) and they arent working because they have a 5% success rate. The St Jude Retreats (www.soberforever.net) has a 62% success rate, it is inpatient for 6 weeks. They do research and change their program, based on facts and what works. I would highly recommending calling them to get some information. I know someone who went to this program, he was struggling with alcohol for a couple years and when he went there, he came back a different person, a better person. Now is happily married with 2 kids. Anyone that wants to, has the ability to change. The program at the St. Jude Retreat House is a social-educational program and it is based on choices. Your mom chooses to do what she does, she chooses to pour a glass of alcohol and drink it. Call them and see how they can help your mom.
probably because there are a lot of drug addicts and alcoholics that need counseling.
I dont for several reasons. 1. In the United States, its illegal for any persons under the age of 21 to drink or purchase anything that contains alcohol. (Even though at 18 its legal to buy tobacco products, which I find weird.) 2. Alcohol is bad for the body as the body thinks of it as a poison and dehydrates itself trying to get rid of the alcohol. 3. I have a very addictive personality, so chances are if I drank it, I would become addicted and ruin my life, which I dont plan on doing.
I think thats a tough question, I mean, what makes people resort to shoe shopping? OR clothes shopping I mean as a consumer we all consume more than we need to be it alcohol, clothes, shoes, video games, food, tv etc....I mean what makes anyone resort to spending more than they can afford, drinking more than they can handle, buying more than one needs, eating more than one has too, gambling more than one should, I mean maybe the question should be why is it that humans get addicted to things. Spending yourself into debt has to be about just as bad to your future and health as drinking ones self into stupor. I think the way that society has set itself up is part of the problem with all this, but then again this would all be just simple humanity I suppose. In regards to your question why people resort to alcohol. I think almost all people resort to something that is not necessarily good for them, it could be bad company, abusive relationships, dangerous situations, and all boils down to some sort of gratification. Trying to make ones self feel better. By buying those new pretty shoes, or eating that sweet ice cream, or having that one last shot of jack, at every step of the way, I think somehow this person is just trying to make themselves feel better, even when one is addicted to lets say doing good things for another person (i know this sounds crazy) lets say you do nice things for other people and it makes you feel good. Then sure youre helping another person, but arent you helping yourself, isnt this just another form of self gratification to make YOU feel good, now no one is going come down on ya cause you are addicted to helping out senior citizens, but in general arent you doing the same thing for yourself as buying those shoes, or having that drink, you deep down I think are just trying to make yourself feel better. So maybe this is the pursuit of happiness, self gratification in many forms I think is what makes us addicts of anything be it sex, greed (money), drugs, alcohol, gambling, cheating, danger . Resorting to alcohol I think is just merely convience its cheap and easy. Believe me if I could afford something else to be addicted to I probably would. If I could afford to play video games all day or buy **** all the time I probably wouldnt even touch alcohol. If I could afford to travel the world non-stop from country to country meeting new people all the time, (I almost did get addicted to that) I would do it in a heart beat) IN fact after travelling the world for 3 months with no job and no responsibilities, I was so additcted to it, I went into a depression when I finally returned home, I kept just thinking of ways to continue the life I formerly had, I didnt go back to work, I cut ties with former friends etc....theres more to the question than I think you realize and it has more to do with than just alcohol...
I feel the same way about the smell of alcohol and also the smell of cigarette smoke. I used to drink (and smoke) a lot. I stopped, but now, the smell and taste of alcohol is enough to make me feel ill or distressed. I think its because Ive associated it in my mind with just how awful it really is to be drunk, to be addicted to the point where my entire life centered around drinking. I find it very hard to be around drinkers now, even those I know who are not alcoholics and simply enjoy a single glass of wine with dinner. Its very hard sometimes. I think, in your case, it might also be your body and minds way of protecting you from meeting the same fate as your dad, maybe fighting back the only way you can. I hope he gets the help he needs to overcome his addiction. Please look in to support groups for yourself and other family members who do not drink!
You will quickly become addicted to the combination and will not be able to sleep without it. And you will have to increase the doses. Then one day you will fall asleep and not wake up. Whatever your sleeping pill is, you need a change - tell your doctor the truth for a change.
An alcoholic is someone who is physically addicted to alcohol. For example cant go too long without it. They get the shakes when alcohol is not avaible and all that. They also drink to the point of passing out and blacking out also they are having relationship problems, family problems due to alcohol sometimes alcoholics get fired from their jobs due to drinking on the job and getting caught by their boss. You can check if your sister is physically addicted to alcohol and an alcoholic by doing this hide all her alcohol see if she goes ballistick if theres none if she starts to yell wheres my alcohol I need a drink!!!! and goes nuts cause its gone then she may have a problem with alcohol. Just do this test hide all her booze and she what she does. If she starts yelling screaming and going wild because its gone then that indicates she may be addicted to alcohol. An alcoholic is someone who needs alcohol. They cannot function without it they are addicted. So do the test on your sister hide all her booze from her and see if she can go without it. If she starts to pace around agitated cause her alcohol is gone and she has no alcohol to drink then that could be a red flag that she has an addiction to alcohol. Normal people will not act this way if they didnt have their alcohol.
Sure, In The Rooms in an online forum for recovering addicts worldwide. When I fist got clean it was an awesome place to connect with people just like me. Alcohol is a drug. Only another addict can understand the insane thoughts and actions we go through. If you told that stuff to a normal person, you might get locked up and they wouldnt understand anyway. You can chat 24/7, all groups, AA, , CA, OA, SA, .. I think there were 8 last time I checked. FRQ me, --> kattmann http://www.intherooms.com/
Gradually lower your intake. You say maybe once a week? Go from once a week, to once every 2 weeks. then 3. try lowering each intake every outing. you drank a beer last week? drink three quarters this week. 2 weeks from now, go halfers. hope this helps, but my solution seems more appropriate for someone whos addicted lol. good luck!
it is possible and its a horrible thing, im a 16 year old girl and i cry all the time because my mom has ruined everything due to alcohol, i cant even see her anymore because the state wont allow it, she tried killing me a few years ago and i forgave her because its my mom and i love her but please, i know you said you dont want to hear ppl say this but im telling you from the heart its not a good idea, i been through so much pain and aggravation because my mom picked alcohol over her kids, i miss her dearly and i wish on everything i could see her normal but her body depends on it now so ill never get her back, this been going on since i could remember, about 7 years old when she tried shooting me in th head, omg do i miss her so much, please w.e you do, stop what u are thinking, she loves you, but i promise if she gets addicted to alcohol she wont give a fuucckk about you, not where you are, whats happening to you, she wont care because youre not alcohol, i Promise, it hurts everyday but i keep that fake smile even tho i miss who she used to be, please think about it!!! im not trying to be a dumb biittcch but i know how it is and it Truly sucks!
depends what you mean by worst.. If you start using tobacco youre more likely to get addicted than heroin. Now.. that doesnt necessarily mean that its more addictive. Tobacco is addictive though, and it is also very readily available at every street corner. Meth is the worst though. And heroin is almost just as bad.. but heroin is fairly safe on the body. Out of those, coke is the most unhealthy.
Yes, some can function and be highly successful as addicts, while others cant. One thing most people dont understand about addiction is, once you become an addict, your always an addict. Even if you stop, the desire is always there. You are never normal again which is why addiction is so hard to overcome.
none
I dont think so your an alcoholic ..... I think you should booze for fun never booze when you sad then it ll make you addicted..... im 21 now and i booze once in a month now started 5 yrs back i have reduced the quantity of intake ..... So the point im trying to make here is "NEVER booze when your sad "
http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/for-alate    Good luck, I am in the same boat :(
There are folks who are really get addicted by alcohol. They tend to drink alcohol as if it was just drinking water, as time passes they grow to be more addicted to it as well as the human body will grow to be dependent of the substance then craves for it. When the patient decides to quit drinking alcohol, the body will most possible to show signs of withdrawal symptoms and this particular will be exactly where alcohol detox takes its piece. This particular process will support the patient to prevent those withdrawal symptoms from occurring once again.
Tried? YEs. Love it. I think you should try it too. You will be addicted to it.
some parents do some dont, the ones who usually do drink alot themselfs it seems? so they dont see anything wrong with it? but the parents who dont drink see something wrong with it because the kid could become a drunk and fail out of school and stuff and get addicted to other stuff besides being drunk? i dunoo i dont drink myself
You must be drunk right now b/c that makes no sense. P.S. There is no such thing as a marijuana addict.
Alcohol is just empty calories with no nutritional value, too much will cause your daily calorie intake to go over what it should be and cause you to gain weight. Alocholics are thin because like addicts to other drugs they tend not to look after themselves, dont eat properly and dont get all the nutrients and calories they need so they loose weight. In the later stages of addiction when liver damage sets in the body cant make use of what little food and nutrients it does take in so the weight loss gets more pronounced.
If you would get addicted after one beer then yes If not then no Its no different to any other alcoholic drink, but only someone with a very addictive personality would be come an alcoholic after one drink
Detox followed by a 12 step program and at least 90 days of rehab. A person also has to want to quit drinking. Without that, theyre just keep doing it even at the expense of their own health. Alcoholism is one of the most common addictions and there are treatment centers and help lines everywhere. If this is a family member you may have to hold an intervention and basically coerce them into seeking treatment or risk losing their loved ones. There are trained professionals who can set up an intervention too.
Im not addicted to alcohol, in fact it usually makes me sick, but if you are I suggest that you seek some form of help. Or write a novel...I hear thats a good thing to do while drunk!
Firstly Rooster alcoholism IS an addiction, I should now because I work in a drug/alcohol rehabilitation clinic in the UK. Secondly you can be addicted to being drunk because most people drink alcohol because of the effect it has on them (Quote from the book, Alcoholics Anonymous).
For a start you do not need alcohol to have a good time. Just because your friends drink it does not mean you have to. Alcohol should be relied on for socialising as if you drank too much and became overconfident you could become susceptible to all sorts of terrible things. Things that you will regret. You may be shocked to know that 1 in 13 of the British population is dependent on alcohol (they cannot get through the day without a drink), and 1 in 4 adults in the UK drinks too much (Alcohol Concern).Apart from the health issues arising from prolonged, heavy drinking (heart disease, strokes, cancers, brain and nerve damage, organ damage), you need only turn the pages of your daily newspaper to be reminded that alcohol can create all sorts of other problems. Alcohol is a drug<SEMCOL> the more you drink, the more tolerant your body becomes to its effects. You need to be aware of how alcohol can start to control you, and eventually take over your life. Some people can control their drinking, while others can   t, and they become addicted to the drug alcohol. No one wants or plans to get dependent on alcohol. Act now before days of meaning to make changes turn into weeks, or even years. There are no easy answers, but making changes can help you regain control of your drinking and your life.You need to want to stop drinking, for yourself. Are you fed up with feeling ill, low, and tired? Has life lost its zing? Your energy and interest in other things is low and has been replaced with a preoccupation with alcohol. You used to feel drinking helped you cope. Now, you feel drinking heavily is causing more problems. There are many things you can do to stop drinking. You can tell your friends NO! When trying to socialise just try to start a conversation or something like that. Giving up alcohol must be made priority number one in your life. A partial commitment is a commitment to failure. Even if you already don   t drink that often, it will be tempting to break your own rules when your friends call you up and invite you out. You   ve got to be willing to prioritise this decision in every situation where it   s relevant, even when that means Just Saying No to pub night. The most effective way forward is to not only make quitting drinking a top priority, but to think, talk, and act like it can be done.Alcohol may be so tightly integrated into your social life that it seems almost impossible to go an entire weekend without drinking. If the only thing you have in common with your friends is that you like the same lagers, you might want to consider finding new friends. I hope this has been of some use! Good Luck!
My advise if you planing to drink alcohol is to quit thinking about it. Its is not good to drink cuz it will turn you into a habit and you will be alcoholics dont never try cuz you may think I will just try once and that it. No you wont stop if you tried you already are stuck in the habit and devil arms, God want to save people cuz he created the world and us. So please never try drugs and alcohol cuz you will be addicted to it and it will be really hard to get out only God can help.
It sounds like your friend just really gets enjoyment out of drinking. He definitely has a habit. The only way for it to be diagnosed as alcoholism, he must first hit rock bottom. But for now hes just a drunk!
No idea what LCBO is but the 15 year old would be charged with MIP (minor in possession) and punishment would vary based on where the crime was committed and who the judge and prosecutor are. At minimum, substance abuse classes would probably be ordered, maybe community service fines and random drug screening. Now that I know what LCBO is I really cant answer your question, I have to remember not everyone on here is from the US, maybe we are a little self-centered here LOL! By the way, I am now subject to drug screening and breath alyzers (sp?) have to attend alanon meetings once a week and one other class on dealing with addicts in recovery. In addition I have to run my son around to his meetings which means 6 nights a week Im spending anywhere from 3 to 6 hours dealing with this for the next 8 months. Seems harsh to me, I remember when I was 16 and we ALL drank and turned out just fine, not advocating teenage drinking, just sayin seems like cruel and unusual punishment and I havent broken any laws.
A practicing alcoholic is often hopelessly addicted to alcohol and one drink is usually too many and 100 is not enough as they say. A non-practicing alcoholic is basically a teetotaler who used to be a practicing alcoholic. There is no such thing as a cured alcoholic. Most practicing or non-practicing alcoholics who try to drink in moderation fail miserably.
See I would really like to help you but please frame your question with proper english. From whatever youve written I could understand that your wife wants to go clubbing but your kind of an alcohol addict so you should tell your wife that it would be bad for you to go due to your alcoholic nature. You both should stay away from a disco unless your wife can ensure that you dont get drunk
I think Poes drug problems have been overstated. Rufus Griswold wrote a biographical article of Poe called "Memoir of the Author", which he included in an 1850 volume of the collected works. Griswold depicted Poe as a depraved, drunk, drug-addled madman and included Poes letters as evidence. Many of his claims were either lies or distorted half-truths. For example, it is now known that Poe was not a drug addict. Griswolds book was denounced by those who knew Poe well, but it became a popularly accepted one (I mean, really, his stories are dark). This view was widely accepted because it was the only full biography available at the time and was widely reprinted and in part because readers thrilled at the thought of reading works by an "evil" man. Letters that Griswold presented as proof of this depiction of Poe were later revealed as forgeries.
help for him, he has to want it and stay with it. alcoholism is a deadly disease, it cannot be cured but it can be controlled help for you, visit the al anon website. they provide support for teens and other family members of alcoholics http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/
It seems that your mind is still cloudy. This is the alcohol section therefore I recommend a good alcoholic beer for you. You want a nonalcoholic drink suggestion then ask in that section. Ask yourself just what kind and how intense the cravings are. I crave chocolate from time to time but I am not addicted to it. Forget this nonsense and have a cold one.
Dont use Google, use scholarship search engines like Scholarships.com, Fastweb.com etc. If I remember correctly, the only scholarship of the type you are looking for, was for students whose parents died as a result of alcohol or drug abuse. Even if you do find one, itll likely be small (Think $200 or so). Hope this helps.
The more you tell him that you are trying to help him,. the more he is going to drink. Ask him if he can help you. keep him occupied and keep telling him you need his support and that he has been wonderful.
thinking raves and ecstasy and coke and ketamine were not bad... thinking that people are not addicted to drugs and say they have it under control..
Yes - unfortunately. Candy is sort of a bad thing to be feeding people, but you see these guys craving it. Some of it might be psychological - they want comfort from something sweet. But a lot of alcoholism is hooked up with diabetes. The alcoholic has been filling his blood with sugar from the alcohol for a long time - and he wants more. Its part of his addiction. The drug addict - depending on what drug he was taking - might have chronically low blood sugar - and that might explain the craving. I know that in the famous book - "Under the Influence", the guy does speak of this craving. You can get cheap used copies off of Amazon - its a great read about alcohol and drugs. Atkins says that to deal with cravings, mix 5 grams of glutamine (an amino acid you can get in powdered form) with cream - and drink that. The fat plus the protein apparently gives your body some relief from these cravings.
So is Alcoholism Hereditary? Hopefully this will shed some light on the matter. The general school of thought today is that alcoholism and addiction is hereditary, in that children of alcoholics and drug addicts are genetically predispositioned towards alcoholism and drug addiction themselves, with statistics showing that children of alcoholics and addicts are four times more likely to go down that road themselves. However being genetically predispositioned towards an illness like addiction only explains half the story because as an example, if you look at the case of our family, I went down the addiction route, one of my sister   s not at all, and another of my sister   s could be regarded as borderline at times because of her drinking habits. And I think one of the key reasons why children of alcoholics are more inclined towards alcoholism and addiction themselves is the environment that you   re brought up in. Because by having an alcoholic parent you observe their behaviour - and remember a large part of what kids learn is done subconsciously through modelling the behaviour of parents and adults. The other part to the environment equation is the home environment you   re brought up, which is likely to be filled with angst, tension, sadness, anger and all sorts of emotions that are anything but loving and harmonious     which is not the kind of environment you want to be striving for to bring your children up in. Read more at the Link below.
Help them find a rehab group .
First of all, I comend you on being brave enough to post this. Secondly, I am so sorry you are having to deal with an alcoholic parent. Alcoholism runs in my family. My dad is a drunk. I love him, just like you love yours, but he is a drunk. And he is mean when he drinks. Unfortunately you cant help those who do not wish to help themselves. Your dads key to recovery has got to come within or it will NEVER work. I know first hand as I am an alcoholic in recovery. You could always try staging an intervention...get your mom involved (even if they are not married anymore), siblings, his parents, his closest friends. At the intervention you can express that you will no longer be a part of his life until he chooses to get sober. FYI if he tells you he is going to "cut back," or something, that is the disease talking. There is NO cutting back for an alcoholic. If you do an intervention the goal should be getting him to go to rehab. Its easiest if you get an adult to help you (Im kind of assuming you are young because it sounds like you live at home still) set this up for him in advance. So all he has to do is say "yes, Ill get help." Not worry about finding where he is gonna go, how much it will cost, etc. Those questions become excuses. I wish you the best of luck!
this is a case-by-case-basis question, as obviously one answer will not apply to everyone. think of it as a flashback response... later in life someone has a drink, and they flashback to all of the memories of when they were addicted and loving alcohol abuse. undoubtedly his/her mind will wander and consider more alcohol. it is his/her willpower at that point that will same him/her.
I HIGHLY recommend you check out this book: ? Cracked: Putting Broken Lives Together Again A.K.A. Cracked: Life on the Edge in a Rehab Clinic Yahoo! is being a b*tch about accepting Links in answers again so youll have to either google it or take the Spaces out of this "Link": http://www. goodreads.com /book/show/398395.Cracked It goes into the biology and psychology of addiction through the eyes of a doctor that sees what you are going through each and every day. YOU need to go to Alanon and start working the steps. YOU cant do ANYTHING to help HIM but you can change YOURSELF and hell either decide to get healthy WITH YOU or you will no longer enable his disease and you two will no longer be together. HIS alcoholism isnt just about him... Who in your family of origin set you up to be attracted to an addict? Enable an addict? Put up with an addict? HEALTHY people from HEALTHY family of origins dont put up with this bullshit. They see the problem and walk if the addict refuses to get help. Something about your childhood set up your brain biology to find addicts attractive and that USUALLY means a parent was an addict. Even if he wasnt in his disease when you met him, your subconscious saw the indicators of the Addiction Biology and said "Yep... Hes just like daddy... Hell be in his disease soon so Vag-Powers Activate!" and you hooked hp with him because of the subconscious queues. You cant force an addict to fight their biology... Even if they are court ordered into rehab theyll refuse to follow direction, refuse to admit they have a problem, and even if they admit it but are not ready to fight it, theyll REFUSE to change and go right back to the sauce when they get out. There are TWO things that make an addict change: 1. His/Her friends and family refuse to enable them any longer. They either a) Go to alanon and get help and get THEMSELVES healthy, which the addict will feel or b) CUT OFF ALL CONTACT. PERIOD. 2. They have the "Moment of Clarity" that is usually the result of a) A life threatening brush with death or b) They finally see something that makes them DISGUSTED with themselves. Individual Therapy and Couples Therapy are not going to help unless the therapist you are going to is an Addiction Medicine Specialist. Non-Addiction Therapists do not have the understanding of the biology and psychology of addiction to properly guide you and they arent there like a Sponsor when the person wants to pound shots OR if YOU feel like enabling him in his Disease.
Alcohol and smoking kill way more because of long term effects, but cocaine can kill you instantly and is more addicting.
You can be physically dependent on heroin. Thats science. To your body, marijuana is actually worse than cigarettes. It contains more carcinogens. Also, being psychologically addicted is just as bad as being physiologically dependent. Essentially, I dont think pot is good for anyone. There are entirely too many stupid people in this world who will misuse it. The same can be said for cigarettes and alcohol.
An interesting cigarette fact: A lady once asked me to move my cigarette to my other hand because she was allergic to formaldehyde (the substance used to preserve dead bodies). I looked it up and sure enough cigarette smoke DOES contain formaldehyde! Heres a link to an interesting article on it.
Alcohol if drunk in small amounts boosts the blood circulation and helps in various metabolic activities . But if you get addicted to it it can turn fatal . You can suffer from Liver cancer , oesophagus canger , liver failure , diabetes hpertension , etc. if consumed in large amounts . That means Yes alcohol is good for health only if consumed in small amounts .
Red Hot Chili Peppers. Their first big hit, "Under the Bridge" was originally a poem by lead vocalist Anthony Kiedis about his past heroin addiction.
Alcohol depresses your Central Nervous System (brain and spinal cord) which is why it is called a depressant. This is totally physiological (physical not mental). It can also depress your mood over time (with continued, daily use), which is why it is also considered a depressant in psychological (mental) terms. So during one nights worth of drinking, as the alcohol reaches different parts of your brain, different pathways are inhibited/depressed. The depression of some of the pathways in your cerebral cortex cause a euphoric effect and can depress the firing of neurons that cause anxiety. Here is how alcohol spreads through the brain. (BAC = blood alcohol content) BAC = 0.1 --> Cerebral Cortex (outer layer of brain) = Relaxation/Euphoria<SEMCOL> neurons that cause anxiety are depressed. BAC = 0.2 --> Forebrain (prefrontal cortex) = Loss of Inhibitions/Judgment/Behavior. Neurons associated with judgement are depressed. BAC = 0.3 --> Cerebellum = Balance/Equilibrium/Motor Skills<SEMCOL> Neurons that control balance/walking are depressed. BAC = 0.4 to 0.5 --> Brain Stem = Alcohol Poisoning/ Unconsciousness/Death. Neurons that control heart beat & breathing are depressed. Long term (daily) alcohol abuse causes Tolerance (you require more and more to reach same effect), Dependency (your body doesnt feel right without it), and Addiction (you are mentally addicted to the euphoric feeling it gives you). Alcoholics are often mentally depressed and hate the fact that they drink, but they cant stop because of their physical dependency and mental addiction.
My dad is an alcoholic too, and also a drug addict. Regardless of what anyone else says, support him. Dont just shut him out of your life, youll regret it. My dad recently had a stroke because of his drug use. I used to be so mad at him and ignored his calls when he would wanna talk to me because of the things he had put me through. Then I heard that he had a massive stroke and his now paralyzed on his left side and has to go through rehab and physical therapy. I never realized how much I love my daddy until he had his stroke. It was one of those "you dont know what you have until youve lost it" situations, and I almost lost him. Thankfully, hes still with me. I now know that no matter what he has put me through, I should have been there for him. If I was more, I dont think this would have happened. His kids shut him out because of his addiction, therefore, hi alcohol and drug use had gotten worse, which resulted in a stroke. Dont do what I did and shut him out. If you support him and let him know you love him and are there for him, he may get through this. Love, support, and respect him no matter what he does.
The bible contradicts itself many times. Thou shall not kill. A little later, kill the Philistines...But there is more for than against alcohol. It is part of the Jewish seder. Jesus miracle was to turn wine into water etc... In moderation, alcohol is fine. A glass of red wine or beer is good for your blood pressure and other things. Anything can be abused: food - obese people, sex - sex addicts, women - many men abuse their women but no one thinks they should be eliminated, you can even die from drinking too much water.
Hmm sounds to me like youre getting to that stage. I understand that lifes tough, but alcohol or drugs or anything of the sort, they wont solve anything. Theyll just make you ill and make life harder. Its totally ok to enjoy alcohol responsibly, but if youre getting completely drunk, so drunk you cant remember what you did, or had no control over your own actions, then you need to buck up. Find some alternatives: go out with friends, listen to music, watch movies, just dont allow yourself to drink. Good luck and all the best.
al anon
He might be still going through the process of withdrawal and replacing alcohol with monster energy drinks. If he is going still going through with withdrawal (he probably Id considering how long he was on it) it might be the reasons for his frustration and anger and for right now all he needs is support and comfort to get through it. It might be a while but hell eventually get over it and will be happier than he was with alcohol. But, you start to get really worried about him or he gets worse you might want to check with a doctor.
3 good ones to try, just off the top of my head that arent on your list.... Peach Bellini (these are SO addicting! YUM-MY!) Its about the same alcohol content as a daiquiri, its just rum, peach schnapps, a splash of champagne, and peach mix w/ ice) Um....Mojito (which is Rum, mint, simple syrup, lime juice, a dash of sugar, soda water, pretty good, and your breath will smell minty fresh and its has just rum as the alcohol) Mmmm....Italian Margarita (which on alcohol content it is just a basic margarita with some Amaretto added, doesnt seem like it would taste much different, but it is delectable!) Hope this helps! And enjoy! :)
Alcohol will most likely cause weight gain and can kill you if youve had too much and many other things. Having control of what you consume is fine. Sometimes, that fat doesnt go away. Coke and the H Train are just bad, same with crack and LSD. Peyote is a better version of LSD, its LSD without all the bad side effects. Meth and XTC, Ive never done, but I heard they cause tooth loss and mess up your face. All these can do some very bad harm. Such as schizophrenia. I used to live in a neighborhood with a bunch of meth labs and xtc dealers/crack dealers. They all damage your organs. Mary Jane never had an effect on me. It can cause paranoia. Probably because I started off on crack and LSD. Someone forced me to do those. Never became addicted to them. A lot of people become addicted. Just like how Ive never had an addiction to tobacco. I read that eggplant and tomatoes have nicotine in them. I never ate those as a child. If I did get a meal with tomatoes, Id scrape it off or take it off. A lot of cigarettes have a flower in them thats full of nicotine. So, you wouldnt be smoking "just tobacco". Meaning people arent really addicted to the tobacco, its the flower full of nicotine. Thats why I prefer cigars/they taste better. I smoke occasionally. I started at age 6. I dont recommend any of these. I just happen to like the taste of fine tobacco, dont like cigarettes or chewing any tobacco products. Its expensive, so I dont buy all the time(its a "want"). My sister is addicted to cigarettes. It always saddened me. Its a myth that cigarettes help relieve stress, if anything, they make it worse. Same deal with caffeine. Read about it on chetday.com/nocaffeine.htm.
Yes, drinking is forbidden according to the religion of Islam. Even medicines which contain a portion of alcohol are forbidden. However, if there is absolutely no other alternative, then an exception can be made. Toiletries are allowed, since they are not supposed to be drunk.
No way are you an alcoholic. Im the same age as you and I get drunk about 3 or 4 times a week if I can afford it. And I mean really drunk - the kind of drunk when you throw up and cant remember things. I have friends who are worse. The dreams mean nothing. Youre probably just dreaming about alcohol because you worry so much about being an alcoholic so its on your mind. Not because youre secretly addicted to it (very Freudian - very old fashioned! No one really believes that about dreams anymore) So dont worry :) you seem to have a normal drinking habit to me
WA State Being addicted to alcohol and being a violent drunk in and of themselves are not criminal acts. It what he does when drunk, ie, the child abuse that constitutes a criminal act. In Washington, child abuse is classified as a gross misdemeanor meaning a judge could impose a sentence of up to 90 days jail, a $1000 fine or both. If a child is removed by court order as a result of a parent being unfit, all proceedings ( to include regaining custody or placement) regarding custody must be by court order.
Yes, for meth use this is normal, but strictly alcohol use no. Generally with alcohol you become tired, but you only drank wine so I am amusing that it has a low proof compared to some other alcoholic drinks. I would suggest not mixing drugs, it can have harmful side effects. Not using any drugs at all would be the best bet. But if you can stop taking any of these things definitely stop taking meth and any random pills people give you. It sucks becoming addicted to crappy drugs that ultimately lead to both an untimely death and complicated painful future.
Yes. But, religion is the only drug typically provided since birth, so it may be hard to correct.
well, wonder woman - dont you know f*ck1ng everything. Of course alcoholics can get and stay clean. They will always be alcoholics, as addiction is a disease that you can only control, not cure. There are millions of alcoholics and drug addicts worldwide that are clean and sober, some may even be living and working around you.... SHOCK, HORROR!! Be careful on that high horse - its a long way down
addicts live in their heads so much more than non-addicts and turn to a substance (alcohol, drugs) to numb this constant, constant stream of thoughts. Maybe the gifted people found release also in writing, painting etc. So yes, maybe gifted people have the same personality traits as addicts. Remember also the amount of unpublished work that they must have thrown out, crumpled up, paintings they didnt think were good enough etc. Constant striving for perceived perfection, obsession (i.e writing for hours and hours), Isolation All traits of a gifted person and of an addict
And theres the real question. While marijuana is actually better for you than either smoking or alcohol because it has no lasting effects of limited use, it has been "illegal" for so long that unfortunately thats just peoples mind set. They think about tradition more than the facts, weed is good, actually has REAL medical use, and isnt bad for you, especially compared to your other choices.
Hi, I spent 5 weeks in rehab for alcoholism, while I was there there were 2 older ladies who were alcoholic and one of them was in as she used to mind her grandchild, but now her son was refusing to take the child over to her as he couldnt trust her to be sober. This affected her so much that she came into treatment. (Bear in mind that there are also hundreds of other reasons for everyone, but normally when someone says thats the reason, its the one that affected them most). The other lady was in as relations with her children and husband had broken down and again she wasnt allowed mind the grandchildren (she also had a creche which she had to give up). So - answer 1 - not letting your mother see her grandchild will have a huge impact on her, and may just be the thing that will bring her to see sense. 2. Blame is an essential part of addiction, it has to be un-learned. Addicts are like big babies, they want everything their way, and they want it now. Nothing is their fault, and they wallow in self pity. This can all be un-learned over time once drink is out of the picture. 3. Your mother may be depressed, but as she is alcoholic it could be alcohol induced depression. I didnt know if I suffered with depression or not until i got help and stopped drinking. Thankfully it was alcohol induced depression. Until your mother stops drinking, that cant be known and then if she does suffer with depression, that will have to he dealt with. 4. Your mother probably will sink deeper into depression when you take your child away, she will scream, shout, kick and blame, but you have to protect both yourself and your family. It is heartbreaking to see your mother like this but you cannot control or stop her drinking. You (and any siblings) should go along to Al Anon. Its only 1 hour and you will get great support from the people there. No-body can understand what youre going through if they have no experience of addiction, you must be at your wits end. There should be a meeting in your area, just pop along, if you dont like it you can leave. It helped my partner more than he thought possible. Also - you could contact rehab centres both near and far and ask them if they ever receive help from health boards etc. The one I was in, we couldnt afford it, we had to get loans from family, but while I was there the manager got in touch with local addiction services, and they funded almost all my stay. Bear in mind as well, that rehab does not fix people, it may still take some time after that if thats the road you take. I wish you the best of luck, its a rocky road, but there is hope. Give al anon a try, you will meet people in the same situation as you and give you an amazing sense of relief you forgot was out there, you cant fix your mam, but you can look after yourself because, although you are not the addict, you are living with addiction too. best of luck :) Feel free to contact me if you need to
Im an alcoholic and I function perfectly. In fact, I feel better when Im drunk.
usually the drug and alcohol counselor has once been an addict before too, and people who have ever been addicted to drugs and alcohol can spot another a mile away. So yes, definitely. This is what they went to school for and have experience. You will not be able to fool them, also is this really what you want to do? They are there to help you, if you relapsed tell them. Look at what you want to be doing in the future, when your doing drugs/drinking too much you cant do that. 99.9% of jobs you have to pass a drug test.
Hi Ericka, Alcoholism is genetic, and you could very well be alcoholic, and you might not be at all. You dont know until you drink though. Dont be afraid to try it, you will know yourself if you can drink socially or if your drinking is different from normal social drinkers. What you have heard about one sip probably refers to an alcoholic who has been sober for a time. Im an alcoholic and am sober 6 months, and if I have one drink, I know Ill end up back in Hell drinking 3-4 bottles of wine a day within a day or 2. The one sip doesnt refer to you as you havent really drank before. Its great to be aware that alcoholism runs in your family as a lot of families cover it up and its only when someone realises theyre addicted that the family say "oh yeah, your grandfather was an alcohiloc" or something. My parents are not alcoholic, neither are my brother and sister. However when I admitted I was alcoholic, it turns out my Grandfathers 2 sisters were alcoholics as well (I didnt know). My cousin is a drug addict, on the same family side - so it affects some people and not others. As I said, its genetic, you may suffer with it, you may not - theres no way of knowing unless you drink (or use drugs, be careful there too - the addictive gene is not just alcohol). That choice is up to you, and you alone - dont let anyone sway your opinion one way or the other.
Apparently, she was able to kick her drug and alcohol addictions back in the 70s, thanks to a family intervention, detox and rehab. Supposedly, she never relasped.
Only so far as pot is a gateway drug to heroin. I have known a lot of junkies in my time...being that I used to staff a needle exchange in Sydneys Kings Cross and I can tell you this...very few of the heroin users had tried pot before they tried smack...and once they start on smack, they dont have the time, money or inclination to be buying dope. And in fact making any illicit drug illicit is what leads to its proliferation. Switzerland, Portugal and Holland are the only countries in the world to have decriminalised the personal use of Class A drugs and oddly enough they are also the only nations to report a steady decline in the numbers of addicts within their societies. They also have found that their general crime statistics have gone down enormously. Muggings and house break ins....street violence, street prostitution...all down radically since taking the view that drug addiction is a health care issue and not a law enforcement one. Tell you anything???
Ok moderation What Leads to Alcohol Dependence? WHY do people become dependent on alcohol? Are there early warning signs that a person is in danger of becoming an alcoholic? Of course, the immediate cause of alcoholism is the alcohol. If people did not drink alcoholic beverages they would not become dependent on them. However, alcoholic drinks are available in most places today, and will continue to be. Too, people generally want the freedom to decide for themselves if they will drink or not. And in many societies, it is not likely that the problems would disappear by outlawing alcoholic beverages. The era of prohibition in the United States showed that. What is needed is good control over one   s drinking. Yet very few people with serious alcohol problems ever thought that their drinking would get out of control. Indeed, a large proportion of those who already are dependent on alcohol do not think that they are, or will not admit it. Early Signs The habitual drunk is obviously alcohol dependent, and is easily recognized as such. But for many others, especially at the earlier stages, their alcoholism may not be so obvious, even to themselves. But there are clear signals pointing to potential or actual alcohol abuse. For example, if a person honestly asks himself a number of questions, he can often quickly determine if he or someone he knows is heading toward alcohol dependence, or already is dependent on it. It has been the experience of organizations such as Alcoholics Anonymous that if a person answers    Yes    to as few as three of the following questions, he can be reasonably certain that alcohol has become a problem. 1. Are you drinking more often than you used to, and taking stronger drinks? 2. Are you taking a number of drinks every day, or even on several days a week? 3. Has drinking affected your reputation? 4. Are you resentful when others caution you on your drinking? 5. Do you drink to escape from worries or troubles? 6. Do you sometimes gulp down drinks, instead of sipping them? 7. At times, do you have a craving for an alcoholic beverage? 8. Do you often drink alone? 9. Has your drinking caused problems, such as resentment by members of your family? 10. Do you defend your drinking by feeling that you could stop at any time, but yet do not stop? 11. If you have tried to stop drinking for a certain period, say a month, did you fall short of your goal? 12. Are you neglecting your appearance, such as putting on excessive weight due to drinking, but yet you keep on drinking? 13. Has your drinking made you careless about your health, job, money-spending habits or family   s welfare? 14. Do you look for, or arrange, occasions such as social gatherings as excuses for drinking? 15. Do you keep a bottle of alcoholic beverage hidden somewhere to drink when others are not looking? Just a few    Yes    answers to such questions can indicate trouble. Many    Yes    answers would show that some degree of alcoholism is already well established. But why do people develop problems with alcohol in the first place? What factors come into play? Many Factors Many Factors It is difficult to single out any one condition or attitude that leads a person to becoming dependent on alcohol. The human body, mind and emotions are very complex. And people differ greatly from one another in mental, emotional and physical makeup. Even body size makes a difference. Larger persons have more water in their bodies than do smaller persons. Alcohol is diluted by water. So all other things being equal, a smaller person usually will be more quickly affected by the same amount of alcohol than will a larger person. Also, where all factors, such as body size, background, problems and pressures, and drinking habits, appear to be similar, one person who begins drinking will eventually become addicted while another in the same set of circumstances will not. So it cannot be said that a certain problem, emotional disposition, childhood experience or cultural environment will automatically produce an alcoholic. Yet, there are factors that produce higher rates of alcoholism. For instance, where a society is alcohol-oriented, promoting and advertising it, showing it to be common at social events and eating places, then more people will be induced to drink. And when heavy drinking or drunkenness is portrayed not only as common but at times even as humorous, then the stigma against alcoholism lessens. In such an environment, especially at social gatherings, a person is made to feel awkward, almost like an outsider, if he does not drink. Those who are trying to abstain from alcohol because of having problems with it may find themselves under constant pressure to conform.
This is only the start to a problem. You will need to confront your problem talk to someone and get this problem and yourself to the road of sobriety. get help quick or you WILL become an addict .
They need to get her into rehab and therapy immediately. It looks like she is a victims of addiction transfer. She used to deal with her problems using food, now her body doesnt allow her to do that. They warn patients about this a lot. Thats why therapy and psych evaluations done before hand are important. Tell your dad that she needs rehab. However, she wont go until she hits her rock bottom and is ready. Some people use alcohol, some use drugs, others use sex, some turn to stealing,etc.....
I have a friend, shes only 16, and shes been an alcoholic ever since she was 14. Her parents let her drink regardless. I guess cause it makes you stop thinking about all the bad things in life.
ur liver will become weak and eventually not able to regulate the alcohol in ur body. U will probably become addicted to it. It will be hard to get a girl/boy (im predicting ur a guy) u will lose lots of friends due to stuff u said cuz u were drunk.
So youre talking close to 2 grand in US currency on alcohol and parties in a month??? That is more than I make in a month. An alcoholic is an alcoholic when you really get down to it. But alcoholism can be broken down into several different types of drinkers: Social drinkers - they only drink around others. Closet alcoholics - youd never know they drank because they only do it privately. Maintenance drinkers - who drink a certain amount of alcohol through out the day. Functional alcoholics - they drink yet seem to live pretty regular lives. Chronic alcoholics - the most dangerous kind because they simply drink as much as they can as often as they can. And binge drinkers - who spend several nights out of the week getting dangerously intoxicated. Im sure you could make a case for other types of alcoholics and even mix and match between the ones listed. But clearly, you would fall under the binge drinker catagory. Im not here to lecture you about the dangers of alcohol. Youre an adult and you know the risks. You said your family is already worried about you and tried to spell it out to you that you are an alcoholic. The question you should ask yourself is what do you intend to do about it? Right now you say youre taking care of your life. So maybe right now the things are are working just fine for you. But who knows when that one time will be when you get a DUI, arrested, raped or over dose. What I always tell people who question if they are addicted to something, is to spend 30 days not using alcohol or other drugs - at all. If you cannot even go a month without drinking, youve got a problem. Say you go a month and actually do not drink, dont take that as a sign that its ok to go bonkers and get plastered again. Take it as a sign that you dont need to drink to have a good time.
I think all these "diseases" are cop outs. "Wasnt me it was my disease". Another way for people to not take personal responsibity. All these "diseases" are the products of low self esteem. They feel bad about themselves or cant deal with a stressful event (s) so they do what makes them feel better wether drink,sex or whatever. I do think people get stuck in cycles in avoiding pain and become habits. Rather than offering excuses, teach personal responsibilty, ways to cope well, be realistic and ways to feel better about who they are. That is what a 12 step program is ideally supposed 2 accomplish. I refuse to believe a "sex addict" cant control themselves. Too many pedifiles are digosed assex addicts & cant control themselves. Whatever, put whatever label you want but remember whos company you are in. Are serial killers "murder addicts" or just pervs. Buzz words like "addict" disresect those that are truely menally ill.
My personal experience. I tried smoking after I was 18, but only with flavored cigarettes. Really, I dont see a problem with it, because I couldnt stand normal ones after it. So there was no reason for me to get addicted to super expensive flavored ones, since they were not affordable. I think if you make flavored cigarettes tasty, it will make the normal ones unbearable to youths, just jack up the price of the flavored ones, and your problem is solved. Alcohol always tastes nasty, even the more expensive ****, and even if a kid has the top shelf stuff, he will still go for the drunk off the cheap stuff.
the ATTITUDE towards psychoactive drugs is the biggest problem in society, not the drugs themselves. what I mean by that is, the war on drugs has been being fought for decades, clearly without success. it costs a fortune, and it is the cause of the problems in the first place. If it was not for prohibition, then there would be no black market. These substances could be regulated, made more healthy, more properly researched. This improves the safety and the ability to educate people about the real risks (and benefits!) associated with each substance instead of alienating people with the hysterical, sensationalist bull$hit propaganda that gets peddled these days. Crime would be reduced since, if prices were lowered or purity improved then someone addicted to say, heroin, would have less of a need to go out and steal things to fund their habit. also, alcohol is a psychoactive drug, there is no reason to give alcohol its own separate category.
No. I must be the only 17 year old who doesnt! Its because I feel that drinking is unhealthy and I dont want to be putting toxins into my body. Its also because "addictions" run in my family. Half my family are either alcoholics or heroine addicts and the sad part about it is that they were all very intelligent people, they were engineers and scientists and doctors and then developed substance addictions and spiraled out of control...I dont want to ever risk being like that. Its also because I go to parties and see my drunk friends laying in their own vomit with their pants down and I dont want to risk being like that either!!
Read a few articles about drugs and alcohol online...like wikipedia or google. I would love to share with you all of the knowledge that i have regarding these. Alcohol is a drug and a deppressent. Alcohol slows down a persons thinking ability and causes a "lightheaded" feeling. Most people drink it to release tension and forget about complex matters regarding their private and social life. Some cultures allow alcohol consumption whereas others do not....for example, Islam forbids the consumption of alcohol. Alcohol consumed in light amounts is socially acceptable however when used in large quantities, it can lead to traffic accidents,crimes,family troubles and fights. A drunk driver can cause harm to himself as well as others therefore an alcohol consumption limit has been set for drivers.The ones who do not obey, can be caught and tested with a device. A drunk man may assault his wife or children and create domestic problems/fights. A drunk man may harm anyone around him. Excessive alcohol comsumption can lead to health problems such as cirrhosis of the liver. The liver stops functioning and liver cells get damaged. A person may require a liver tranplant or surgery. Alcohol can cause addiction. When too much alcohol is consumed, a person gets addicted.One may feel the urge to drink more and more alcohol....if the addict is not able to obtain alcohol, he may resort to other violent means such as theft, violence,murder, physical combat etc. If alcohol is withdrawn, a person gets withdrawal symptoms and these include nausea,headache,muscular twitches, vomit, trembling, sweating etc. One may feel nausia or severe restlessness,loss of apetite, sleeplessness and uncontrollable mood swings in severe cases. Other substance abuse also incude heroin, marijuana,etc. The results and withdrawal symptoms for heroin are very similar..however instead of cirrhosis of the liver, a heroin addict may suffer HIV AIDS, and STDs since they use unhygeinic methods such as injecting unsterile needles into the body and sharing needles with other addicts.Heroin addicts usually inhale instead of oral comsumption and use needles to inject it directly into the blood. (You should search online for other substance abuses as well.) Overall, all addicts are a burden for the society and cause extreme harm to the people around them. In order to make ur article interesting....try to include data regarding the countries/cultures which allow/prohibit alcohol comsumption...include graphs which show the limits set by government on the amount of alcohol comsumed.....include percentages of people who die in accidents caused by alcohol addicts......u should also compare these with other countries and give a summary of the countries which are better off regarding this matter. Include research and statistical data.
Yes, provided that the friend is not an alcohol addict and that you remain with the friend to limit consumption. Jesus drank wine, turned water into wine, and changed wine into his blood. Wine clearly has medicinal value, when used in moderation. Cheers, Bruce
I got that vibe from her as well that she was addicted to drugs and into doing sex for pay since she never actually had a job and yet could afford to party, go out to clubs/bars, and always had tons of money.
The evidence for alcoholism is more than simply the current drinking habits of the person. This plays a part sometimes, but other factors usually tend to be more influential. The test criteria for likelihood of alcoholism is more about - - upbringing in an alcoholic / alcohol abuse culture - general child abuse / lack of loving childhood environment - individual coping mechanisms to respond to stresses - personal stresses and strains from life - personal views towards alcoholism
Have you frequently been embarased, forgotten, or had to be reminded about events and things you did while drinking? Have you woken up in a place you dont know where you are? Have you woken up and forgotten you went to bed, or how you got to bed? Do you say youll have just one, but that seems impossible to do? One leads to another and another, or maybe even until your out of every kind of alcohol in the house or you are passed out? If you think you may have a problem, you should stop for a while and see if you can do it without any negative side effects or cravings etc. EDIT: Have you ever had beer on your cornflakes?
none
I am so sorry for the pain you are going through. I had a sister who recently died due to her ten year addiction to pills so I sort of understand what youre feeling. Youre right when you say that your Dad is gone. This person you see now is an addict. Unless he admits he has a problem and willingly decides to change and get help, there is not much that you can do. There is a great program for families of people who are alcoholics and drug addicts. Its call Al-Anon and they have a program specifically for teens. They can provide you with information and support while you are dealing with your Dads alcoholism. You can find meetings and other info on their website (www.al-anon.alateen.org). You cant change your father but you have to take care of yourself. He may never get sober and if not, it will eventually kill him. Its sad beyond belief when a person chooses to waste their life on getting high. But you can still have a successful and even a happy life despite his bad choices. I hope you check out Al Anon or talk to your pastor or a counselor and I pray that your Dad realizes what he is doing and turns his life around.
Being "stupid" and being an "addict" are two different things. Addicts are no longer in control, their drug of choice is. Right now you seem pretty content to let alcohol control your life. And right now, for you that may work. However you are on a sad downward spiral that does not have a very happy ending unless you take back control of your life. Whoever said youre probably using alcohol to cope with depression is probably right. And then some. Most alcoholics use it not just to self medicate but to get out of bed, be social, feel happy or to feel anything at all. Regardless, youre life is your own. All I can tell you is eventually its all going to catch up to you. Legally, financially, and health.
Saying the rehab was short doesnt mean anything good. In fact, it is the opposite: the shorter the rehab period, the less likely someone is going to get better. My guess is that she drank, you just didnt know about it. I know you dont want to believe that, but she probably drank a little after you were in bed or something. At first it isnt much, but it grows over time in order to keep up with the tolerance level. As the person raises their consumption to match tolerance they become more and more dependent on the substance, until eventually they become physically addicted to it. I dont know your mother, but I have a LOT of experience in both being an addict and treating them. My best guess is that your mother has long used alcohol as a sort of mental crutch. Early on it was probably a glass of wine as a "stress reliever" as many people call it. However as things got more stressful and she became more unhappy, she drank more. She used it to deal with problems, which is never good. Using a drug to deal with a problem is a surefire route to addiction, trust me I know. If it got bad enough for her to check into a rehabilitation clinic, it was pretty bad. The problem here is that she didnt follow up on any treatment. I bet you that they suggested she stay longer, and I GUARANTEE you that they told her she needed to seek group therapy and/or personal counseling, but people never listen. The thing is, people want to go for a little bit so they can feel like they are "cured," and then go back to their lives. A week, even a month, is not enough to deal with the problem. There is no substance or addiction in the world that can be dealt with in a week. No addiction can truly be dealt with even in the period of 6 months. No addict is ever cured, they are always recovering, it is a lifelong process, a difficult one. It takes years of effort, will power, treatment, and therapy to deal with an addiction, especially with alcohol. I would wager that alcohol is THE worse addiction, even though I have undergone heroin withdrawal. I also believe it is going to take more time and effort to deal with than any other addiction. Whereas most drugs take 2-4 weeks to physically detox (withdraw) from, alcohol withdrawal can take up to 6 MONTHS, plus the time to recover emotionally and psychologically. Also, alcohol is EVERYWHERE, is cheap, and legal, making it almost impossible to avoid. With heroin you can cut out the right people in life and not ever see another gram of heroin, but with alcohol you are going to see it almost everywhere you go, always surrounded and thus tempted by it, making it very difficult. It is just overall one of the nastiest addictions I have ever dealt with, and has been the most difficult, most time consuming to help treat. So I can guarantee you that the rehab did hardly anything to help your mother<SEMCOL> that was more for her own mental justification than anything else. Plus, you must then deal with all the problems that spurred the addiction in the first place, which is only compounded by the addiction. This is why addiction is so difficult to successfully treat<SEMCOL> everyone is hard headed and unwilling to stick it out, they all want a magic pill to cure them tomorrow, but it just doesnt work that way. Like I said, she probably kept drinking and didnt know it. Divorces are bad but I doubt your father is a malicious man out to get anyone, and I think you realize this. I dont believe he would have said she drank if it wasnt true in some capacity. I think that you, like your mother, are unwilling to admit she has a problem and therefore choose to remain in denial about it. This isnt uncommon, but it is unfortunate, because it prolongs an addiction and allows it to get worse before treatment is finally taken. The thing is, people have this false impression that all drug addicts are terrible people, as if they are almost subhuman. People think for some reason that only hobos can be addicted to drugs, that it is extra wrong for anyone else to have such a problem. This is just ludicrous, it isnt any better than stereotypes against black people. I have seen addicts from EVERY walk of life, from a burger king employee to a rich stock broker to a nurse to a sweet kindergarden teacher to an innocent 12 year old girl. IT CAN HAPPEN TO ANYBODY. What matters is how you deal with it. She just seems to have done very well at hiding it from you and the others, which is common for addict parents to do. I believe she IS an addict, and I believe she needs serious treatment, both from a physical standpoint (a medical addiction specialist), psychologically (a therapist), and spiritually/emotionally (a group like the AA). The first step would be getting her to go to an AA group, but dont let her think that cures her<SEMCOL> you need to push her to get serious help beyond that, as its only the first step that might encourage her to get full treatment. Face it, and help her face it.
none
An alcoholic isnt always a person that drinks daily. Its better to use the term "problem drinker", and then its easier to understand if you have a problem. Bad things may not happen every time you drink, but if all or most of the bad things that have happened to you occurred when you were drinking then you may have a problem. I was sober for a few months one time, and I ran into an old friend downtown. I was walking around just chillin, not thinking about drinking at all, but when I started hanging with my old friend we went to a bar and I got smashed. I had no intention of drinking when I went downtown. Things like that happen to alcoholics and drug addicts. Thats why in AA and  they say people are powerless over alcohol or drugs. Another thing alcoholics tend to do is not drink for a period of time, sometimes even years, but when they start again, its like they never quit. They can still pound the drinks down. When your personal relationships, school, or job is affected by drugs or alcohol, then that is a good warning sign. Alcohol is a drug, and people use it to fill a void. Some people use food, and become bulimic or something.
Yahoo answers is not a rehab center!!!!!!
Thats a question that only you can answer. Heres a 12-question quiz- http://www.aa.org/subpage.cfm?page=12
You say and do things you don`t mean. You say and do things you do mean and didn`t mean to say/do. You feel giddy, high, uninhibited, then maybe get sick. If you drink too much you have a headache like Hell Unleashed the next morning You could get sexually irresponsible. Drinking in moderation`s ok and enjoyable to relax people, or at dinner (whatever) if you can stay within your limits. The more regularly you drink a lot, the more yopu can so/too easily get addicted.
that is most definetly alot of alcohol not just for you baby girl but any other human being also, try mixed drinks instead the thing with those shots is that you could eventually become addicted to that feeling and turn into an alcoholic be careful no hardfeelings !!
Actually she is probably drinking so she doesnt hurt. The thing is with alcoholics or addicts, when they arent using they feel pain more intensely than normal people so it makes them want to keep using so they dont hurt. She needs to talk to a proffesional who can help her with her issues and get her back to a better life. Take care and good luck!
Jonathan, the most important thing you can do in your life is to find happiness. Addictions are such devastating illnesses and I know this because my dad is an alcoholic and my brother is a heroin addict. I understand that your family doesnt know of your addiction but if you are close with your family they will be the best support system for you. If you are not, its important to surround yourself with the people who you trust and who will help you through this. Anybody who will pressure you into drinking isnt someone you want to be around, no matter how well the friendship is. Your true friends are the ones who will support you in your journey to get better because they truely care for a better life for you. I know it may not be an easy thing to accept right now but its important to understand you probably cant do this alone and you need support. As for this upcoming party, show everyone that you can still have fun without drinking, afterall, youre a better person when youre sober. Dont let anyone bring you down for wanting to live a clean life. Your life is the most important thing and alcohol is not the reason you are where you are today. The reason is because you had enough strength to overcome any obstacle life has thrown and I believe you will be able to overcome this as well. Take it one day at a time. Everything will work out if you put your heart to it.
People become addicted to things for various rreasons. For many it is passed down genetically--and/or being raised in an alcoholic/dysfunctional family. This goes for any addiction--food, gambling, alcohol, sex, shopping, etc etc. I dont know how you feel about AA--but it is a great support system--and everyone there is going through what you are--so they know how you feel. You can make new friends and get involved with activities that are fun, social and do not involve alcohol! I never had an addiction, but married a man who was in recovery for 12 years--so I never had a drink since meerting him (some 20 years ago)--there is none in our home, etc. Boring is in the eye of the beholder. living day to day and getting the most out of each day helps me. It helps millions of people in the program (12 step program). there are daily affirmation books that help keep life in perspective and find meaning in even the smallest of things--like a beautiful sunset, the smile of a child, a playful puppy, etc. But I do know what you mean about comparing the old fun life to now. Unfortunately, alcoholism is progressive--and it will kill you. So you have saved your life and I congratulate you highly. Your life can still be crazy and hectic, if that is what you like! there are a million sports, hobbies, etc to get involved with. You can find excitement anywhere you like. As for being self-destructive. As I mentioned, you may have the genetic predisposition, plus being raised in it--so , for you, this is your normal and what feels normal, nomatter how sick and dysfunctional it is. I know--I grew up with an alcoholic father, a codependent mother, etc etc. Adult children of Alcoholics is another 12 step organization which helps people understand why they are they way they are, in terms of addiction. You can google it, as well as Alcoholics Anonymous for loads of links for support. Although life may seem boring now--you are much healthier and alive--which you would NOT be, were you to be addicited. meetings help you get through the pain and understand ways out of it. best wishes to you.
Your a addict.
Some people naturally have a high tolerance to alcohol, thats always one possibility. But if hes been drinking heavily for 25-30 years, it wouldnt be THAT strange for him to be able to knock back a case due to tolerance built up over the years. I remember my father as a kid, who had drank for at least 20 years before I was born, would drink at least 6-12 beers a night (usually more) and never seemed to get drunk (although he was always mean). Its also possible that maybe he takes or has previously taken drugs (prescription or otherwise) that increased his tolerance to alcohol. For example, a person who regularly takes Xanax, but goes without it for a day, will require MANY more drinks than a normal person to feel a buzz. These are all possibilities. But it really does sound like your dad has an alcohol problem, so please dont try to emulate him. Drugs (including alcohol, which is in fact a (very) hard drug) have their downsides<SEMCOL> I know because Ive been an opiate addict and have dabbled in a bit of everything, have been through outpatient rehab and , and am still struggling to get off medication for my addiction. Edit: Im glad to hear that your dad is still doing okay and is a decent, productive, and active guy despite all the alcohol use. This is very rare. I will also say that using oxycodone or any other opiate for a long period of time dramatically increases alcohol tolerance, I know. I was once using oxymorphone (a painkiller similar to, but about 3x stronger than oxycodone) for about a month, and ran out and had to take a break. On my first or second day of the break, I felt awful and decided that maybe some beers could help me a little, and I had 18 in the fridge, with my normal tolerance being about 6. I ended up drinking 14 beers in around 6 hours, and not getting a tiny bit drunk. It got rid of some of my withdrawl symptoms and made me a bit sleepy, but I was still awake, coherent, and functional. So I would say that opiate medications like oxcodone and hydrocodone (OxyContin and Vicodin) can definitely increase a persons alcohol tolerance.
Im Iranian! I know That man who said that! he is an Numb nut! Forget that! he just made fool himself!
Same way you can get addicted to coffee despite it actually tasting like stale dust the first time you drink it. Its an acquired taste.
For all of em, adolescents under-rate the risks(its why theres so many accidents from all of em), and thats mostly because of lack of education. Schools should really take a more active approach in educating kids about real-life, and the risks, and responsibilities involved with drug-abuse, rash driving, alcohol consumption, smoking, and so on. Now that wont stop it 100%, but its been proven to limit the addicts, and accidents greatly, when you have an educated population.
Historically the great majority of drug & alcohol counselors were in recovery themselves. Evidently they benefited from the process and want to be productive in continuing with others. A great deal of drug & alcohol recovery focuses on interactions with others and group meetings, such as AA. Many people like to keep a good connection to this recovery community.
girl Im so sorry you had to deal with what you dealt with. I really care for you though I dont know you and Im just a random 18 year old boy Im very empathetic. I wish I could give you a big hug. youve been influenced badly but you are a human just like everyone else and you can be normal again. Do you have any other family you know and trust? If not go to a highschool counsellor even if you dont go to school trust me they will understand and direct you in the best possible direction regardless of who you are, as long as you show them your decent and honest. But you need to try your very best to not hang out with the friends that are going to tempt you to do drugs especially meth. I have girlfriends that went down that path at a similar age, Im sure theyd love to have a word with you haha. Now I know your not that messed up or you wouldnt be on yahoo answers writing, and your clearly smart. So find someone in your life I know theyre out there, if not a counsellor. And there is sunshine not far ahead. :D good luck I hope I helped!
I would say no, as you are surely not addicted. Although you may have experienced alcohol poisoning. Or you may have just caught a virus or something, in your diminished state.
Alcohol is a depressant. It makes you depressed if you drink too much. You cant get happier after drinking alcohol. Endorphins are brain chemicals that make you happy. You get happier after exercising, going in the sun, eating sweets. the more youre body is healthy the more you produce endorphins. Alcohol does not help you produce endorphin. And youre body doesnt depend on alcohol to produce endorphin at all. And as for endorphins being depended on age, it depends on genetics (some people are genitically prone to be happier/more depressed than others) and it depends on how well you take care of yourself. the better the body, the better the mind, the more happy you become. In a way it does depend on age, because usually the older you get the more you neglect yourself. but you do have a say in it and if you take care of yourself you should stay happy. Why people drink alcohol? with the right amount of alcohol, people dont feel happy as much as they feel relaxed. I for one drink alcohol, to feel relaxed and less socially-awkward. with the right amount of water and food before drinking alcohol, its harmless. but getting drunk in no means is any use to you and it harms your body. And the reason people get addicted to alcohol, isnt because it makes them happy, its because they want to forget, and then they get more depressed when theyre not on it because alcohol is a depressant! lol
Alcoholism is something genetic too, if your father has it, chances are that you are more likely to develop it too. Youve been drinking for only 3 days, no, you are not addicted. YET. As you are aware of all the problems surrounding it, do yourself a favour and use your will power not to drink for today. And tomorrow think the same. Rum is a pretty strong drink, and something quite destructive. You know that, dont go there while you can. Or it can be very difficult to stop later.
The type of alcoholism where people cannot drink in moderation and become easily addicted to alcohol is very much hereditary, both genetically and socially from seeing the behaviors of your parents. The best way to avoid this is to contact Alcoholics Anonymous or Alateen and get support and possibly free counseling to help you deal with the problems that make you drink.
ummmm wow. consult a psycharatrist!
First off, you need to speak to a professional. A professional will tell you if your sister is really an addict and will tell you what options are available to you. She can most likely get free assistance living in Canada, but it depends where. Unfortunately, you tend to have to pay for the good places, but its worth it since it means recovering.
Alcoholism can run in families, but just because you have alcoholics in your family, it doesnt mean if you would like to have the occasional drink in the future, that you will become an alcoholic yourself. As long as you stay aware of what you are drinking, you will be fine. It sounds like you are already aware of the dangers that alcohol can bring, which suggests that you will not let yourself get influenced by others who are perhaps not sensible with their own drinking, and are more than capable of making up your own mind when it comes to what is safe and what you are happy with.
I went thru the same thing at that age and i went to my mom.... She helped me out alot.. She always talked to me about it and she tried to do things with me to keep my mind off all that... I dont know ur situation too much but it could be ur friends... That was my problem.. There were times when id be with my "friends" and id say +h no i dont want any or if theyd ask me out id say yeah ill go but i aint doing sh*t and theyd still pressure me into doing it...or just keep buggn nd buggn and id give in...I ended up meeting this guy who didnt like me doing that and little by little be kept me away from my "friends" and its been almost 3 yrs since ive touched anything.. I have my own family with him now and im happier than ever... It was SO SO SO hard but i made it thru with alot of support... u just have to look for it..dont expect it to fall right into ur lap
Yes, you definitely have a problem with alcohol. And it will only get worse if you dont stop, which will probably require professional help..
addiction is a disease, whether its alcohol, drugs (including prescription drugs, painkillers etc), gambling, food disorders etc. It hasnt officially been listed as genetic, but I personally believe it is. 1. Both parents may indeed be alcoholics, and as they never drank, it has never manifested itself. I know personally many people in their 60s 70s who never drank until their husband/wife died and were alcoholic within a year or 2, they were always alcoholic but never drank before. 2. Addiction doesnt necessarily have to come from the parents... it could be grandparents, great-grandparents - and the thing about it is.... it may never have been talked about due to shame/embarrassment to the family or the addict may have lived out the addiction without anyone realising that it was a problem. I only discovered that my mothers 2 uncles were alcoholic when I was about to go into rehab. I doubt if it would have made a bit of difference to the way my life went if I had known addiction was in the family, but it just shows that it is not talked about and is still taboo today. My parents didnt drinks much and didnt have alcohol around either. Addiction doesnt have an age policy. If you are a addictive person, then its only when you come into contact with whatever your drug of choice is that it becomes active. As you said yourself people arent aware about the huge drink problem. Nobody wants to think about it, talk about it, but its here, and its only when it affects you or someone you know that you become aware of how big it is. I cant answer when it will get better. Addiction can never be cured, it will always be there, but you can learn to live your life without alcohol. The parents should research everything they can about alcoholism (remember it is a disease - the parents didnt want this in their lives, but neither did the 21 year old). They could go to Al Anon as well. The 21 year old will seek help if and when they want to, and all the parents can do is be there and be aware of the nature of the disease. However they do not have to put up with inappropriate behaviour from the 21 year old. I wish all of you all the luck in the world, and for millions and millions of people it does get better. Much better :)
Divorced. I divorced him when he refused to get help and became verbally abusive and started cheating. If someone makes an honest attempt to change, thats one thing. My husband, however, added coke, pot, and crack to the alcohol, then started cheating, and couldnt hold a job. But it was all my fault according to him. Because I held him up to such high standards, it was too stressful, and he had to add the drugs and whore. Typical addict behavior.
It really depends on the person. Some people dont get addicted to cigarettes at all, others can never manage to stop. Ditto with alcohol, the more you drink the more likely you are to get physically addicted. Its possible to get habituated to a single glass of wine with lunch, but at that level of drinking if you go without its not like youre going to get the DTs or anything. With alcohol too it seems to vary, Ive gotten to the point where I physically needed a drink but had no trouble stopping and staying away until the habit went away, whereas Ive had friends who get desperate and miss it.
Alcohol in moderation - red wine or Real Ale for preference - is good for you. Take no notice of the teetotal lobby that say that alcohol is the Devils spawn and that a single drink is enough to send you on the road to perdition - they are all chumps.
our brain releases happiness causing hormones. but when you keep getting addicted to it, the feeling will lose and to get the same happiness u have to drink more.
First alcohol is not for a person your age. When you drink very large amounts or moderate amounts everyday it can cause heart problems. Again and for the liver it means a person drinks excessively everyday. A person that is legally allowed to drink can have several drinks a day and never have a problem. Take the late Betty Ford. This woman was a drug and alcohol addict but lived to 93. Just because we drink does not make us have poor health in fact some drinking is better than no drinking at all. I think the milk thistle would have little help.
Hi there. I hope maybe by telling you my story in short form might help. I had my bypass in 2000 and while I loved it and loved the rapid weightloss, I also realized I had lost the ability to stuff my feelings down also! I started drinking at the end of 2000 until I got sober in August of 2004. At that point I was so physically addicted that I had to keep a level of it in me at all times or I would go into withdrawals, my liver hurt constantly and my kidneys were barely working. I had been to the ER multiple times with alcohol poisoning. My life was a living hell in the space of 3.5 years. After I got sober I found out about transfer addictions and that they happen to about 25% of post-ops although alcohol is certainly not the only addiction they find. When I have gone to detox centers to speak invariably there is at least one post-op person in there. Thankfully I was able to work a recovery program and learned other ways to deal with things other than drinking something that had almost killed me. What started out as fun became a nightmare. I pray your aunt doesnt take herself down that path. I know this is long and I apologize but I tried to keep it on point. If you have any questions leave me a way to email you and I will. God bless you all.
You sound extremely introverted, some people like you and me are very independent human beings who can thrive off isolation and find social interaction draining. People arent all the same, we have different types of personalities and brain wiring. Some thrive in social interaction and need it to be happy, these people are called extroverts. You may not need friends or any of the above but it is nice to have someone to discuss things which are in your interest, it can also Borden your perspective on a lot of different things. You just need to find someone which has the same thought process as you. Unfortunately it is a lot harder to find friends which have the same thought process, as they are most likely introverts, sitting at home not socializing! Alcohol has never been the drug of choice for introverts, unless they want to go out and socialize. Drugs such as marijuana are very interesting to experiment, yet you dont need these. A lot of people give drugs a bad rep, but as long as you dont get addicted and abuse drugs its fine. Drugs can broaden your perspective hugely and can show you beauty in the universe! This is just my personal opinion. I recommend you to take this Jung Typology Test at HumanMetricst: http://www.typelogic.com/typelinks.shtml    After you have taken the test go here and read about your type of personality: http://www.typelogic.com/ I too wish i could find more introverts to talk with and discuss a lot of my thoughts :( Im a INTP - Introverted iNtuitive Thinking Perceiving
Some people are just very susceptible to addiction. Alcoholism is one of those things that seems to be passed on as its common for people to have addictions if their parents were that way. Its amazing to me how some become that way, because I can easily have 1 or 2 drinks a night, relax and watch tv, and just stop there .... while others have to continue drinking. I dont quite understand why others become addicted, but its also really hard to get someone to change once they have that. You will need to get him help.
i cant stand the taste of alcohol. ive never smoked and never would. i would never take drugs. ive never even had a vague interest in any of it. my dad still drinks socially, whenever he goes to a party he gets drunk with everyone else. my mum drinks wine and her dad was an alcoholic. so you tell me where i get it, but it happens. sometimes kids are born uninterested in stuff. i even knew a russian guy for a while who hated the taste of alcohol, too. his name was yegor and he was RUSSIAN. i am AUSTRALIAN, with scottish and irish herritage, too. if a russian and an aussie can not like alcohol, anyone can be like that. youre perfectly normal lol. just not quite the same as the rest. you just dont have the same weaknesses. when you get to 30 youll be proud you never did any of it.
A small drink once in awhile isnt a bad thing, but it can be habit forming, and bring a lot of negativity. Bad health, traffic tickets, accidents. Those addicted to it will shrink their brains, and muddle their thought capacity if it carries on too long.
Life. God, if he existed, for not preventing the scarring that we all endure. Our baser selves, for telling us that we are victims of forces beyond our control, and for insisting that we judge others who did the best they knew how, even if the best they knew how wasnt very good.
There is no harm in using it for medicinal purposes. Alcohol and other intoxicants including weed are strongly advised against and further restriction of not allowing Muslims to offer Salat while intoxicated or high, drives the point home. The reason for separating it from other Haram items as pork and poured blood is related to the addiction aspect of intoxicants. God in His infinite wisdom has separated intoxicants from the strict category of Haram in order to give society and individuals time to adjust their behavior and deal with the issue in a humane way. Simply telling an alcoholic or drug addict its Haram and you will go to hell is not going to cure him, it   s a medical problem once addiction has set in. The complexity of the issue is confirmed by the step by step manner of revelation. The other notable point is the absence of prescribed punishment for the consumption of Alcohol. You cannot treat an addiction with lashes or the threat of lashes.
in this day and age i cant believe how people dance around answering this type of question but secretly then dispise those who are addicted. Personally if your addicted to alcohol or drugs then you shouldnt have any type of life what so ever they should lock you away never to be heard or seen again. Its only fair that the good people with no addictions or any other problems be free and separate from those disgusting people however it is great in a divorce you just hang them out to dry in court and bingo you suck the poor bugger into a life of child support and alimony and hes living on the street without any chance of parole or a life Thats how you rid society of this type of scum Good for you bringing this in the open
I left me ex fiance for being an alcoholic/addict. Disease or not, this can be overcome. And you want kids?! WHY? This guy needs serious help! You sound like you are making tons of excuses for him and the only answer is for him to go to rehab. He sounds physically dependent on alcohol now so he will need rehab. No, I wouldnt leave someone if they had cancer but I wouldnt make excuses as to why they wanted to slowly die without getting help. My step father died from being an alcoholic and luckily my mother left him before I saw it happen. He was the worst alcoholic Ive ever seen. Family of alcoholics can go to Al-Anon meetings. Start there and at least get some help for yourself if you will not leave and your husband will not get help. You cant control anything he does. He has to want to get well. Good luck.
Personally I would not have a mentally unstable alcoholic, who has shown she can be violent, come to my home, much less my childs birthday party. Why would you put HER feelings over your sons safety? That does not make any sense at all. Alcoholics need to be held accountable. That definitely means you dont pretend everything is ok. Usually they will hate you during the time you are holding them accountable, and its not until they have gone through treatment that they will appreciate what you did. ________________ Then it would be better to ask some neighbors to come and bring their kids, so you can have a party, or go somewhere extra special, like the zoo and out for ice cream and have no party at all -- than to allow her anywhere near your child. See, alcoholics and addicts often have un-diagnosed personality disorders, and you really cannot trust them to be around your children. If that makes you the "bad guy," then thats what you, as the mom, just have to do. You can explain to your children that aunt so-and-so is having some problems right now and doesnt feel well, and she cant come to the party this time. Thats all you have to explain to the kids. Be wise, be strong. You already are if you are the only one in your family without an addiction problem.
smoking is good for you1
Alcohol addiction is typically a direct result of self-esteem issues. You are unable to control your own emotions so you look for a substance such as alochol to control them for you. You can then in turn blame the alcohol as the source of your problem... which is, of course, a disguse itself. Not only does alcohol fill the voids in your own self esteem but it diverts the underlying problem away from your inablity to be happy to the alochol. In order to be "normal" you need to understand that the alcohol is not the problem... YOU are the problem. And until you can relize this and take control and assume responsiblity for your own actions, the alcohol will continue to control you.
fourteen years old and a alcoholic, how lovely since youve already self-proclaimed yourself as an "alcoholic" why not go check yourself into aa to talk with other people dealing with the same "problem"
Your friend is an alcoholic from what you describe. He cannot or will not stop drinking even though it affects his life in a negative way. He is what they call a functioning alcoholic which means he can hold down a job and still take care of himself for now. That might change over time. He is certainly in denial about his drinking. Alcoholics cannot slow down their drinking long term. Being a drunk is not normal in any culture. Its very sad that he is wasting so much time and money on something that could kill him eventually. There is nothing you can do to make him change until he wants it for himself. They usually have to bottom out so to speak and he might not get to that point for a long time. Some wont even stop then. My cousin died at 38 from his alcohol abuse. I had a liver transplant and have seen many non active alcoholics trying to get a transplant because they destroyed their liver and was facing death. Many dont make it. Its very hard for an alcoholic to get a liver transplant. They must have a complete lifestyle change before they will even consider them for one.
You can become a nurse as long as you have no felonies, but finding a job may be difficult.
Its tragic what happened to her. That being said she could have done what they tell you to do in treatment and cut out ALL of your old drug using "friends" and even to move to another area if you have to, and put everything on hold like a career and put getting sober and staying sober as the #1 priority and while a lot of addicts know this actually doing it is the hard part. She should have also realized that you cant ever use your Drug(s) of choice or other drugs and to be careful about not getting addicted to other things like Ive seen ex drug addicts who would get sober from one drug and then get addicted to another one. I know that her parents did care for her but shes an adult and she seemed pretty strong willed. At least they did not try to hide the fact that she did have major drug addiction issues like some parents of their celebrity/musician children have done. I remember when she married her husband or was dating him before they were married you could tell that they were both addicts and that their "relationship" was about nothing but using drugs constantly and getting high. Im sure since she was a celebrity she had all sort of people hanging on or tagging along giving her booze, cocaine, heroin, crack, or whatever drug she wanted at the time. She also had lots of money so if nobody would give her stuff for free or share if they were using she could just call up a dealer and buy whatever she wanted.
it can be yes. if someone drinks a ton, their bodies cells can start adapting and changing to allow it to handle and prioritize alcohol more than other chemicals like b6 or c or whatever. when these people try to quit drinking or stop drinking they go through withdrawals (shaking, twitching, sickness, etc), which is the physical addiction showing up
just go and be accountable. Its OK that the list isnt finished.
Yup, that sounds like impending DTs. If you are ready to quit drinking, talk to your doctor about getting into an inpatient alcohol treatment program<SEMCOL> you may need actual medical care to get off alcohol because your body is physically addicted at this point. Please take care, and I hope you seek help. Read the link below<SEMCOL> it could save your life.
It depends on what state you live in. I think in some states its legal as long as its at home, the parent/legal guardian is present, and its only their own kid that is drinking. Regardless I wouldnt say its morally wrong for a 15 year old to drink one glass of wine. If youre in a safe environment and drinking responsibly it is not destructive to you or anyone else so personally I dont see a problem with it.
teenagers are curious- so this is typical. i dont know if youll get addicted- but the younger people start drinking the more likely they are to be alcoholics<SEMCOL> does alcoholism run in your family? when it comes to alcohol anything is possible as everyone reacts differently i dont advocate underage drinking- but this is a lot safer (assuming you dont do stupid stuff) than how a lot of kids drink. i cant, nor anyone else make up your mind for you. just be same if you do drink
If talking to her about the subject isnt working and your whole life all you can remember is your parents drinking every night I feel sorry for you. I can imagine how impossible this must be for you to deal with at 13. What your describing is a well known disease called alcoholism - its a serious ugly disease that gets worse over time not better. It can permanently ruin and destroy a persons health mind and spirit. Unfortunately there is no chance that she can cut back/ or stop on her own- not without help or an intervention. Alcoholics have to go through detox and rehabilitation just like drug addicts do. She has to stop her drinking completely in order for her system to recover. See once a person has this problem it never goes away but help is available to her and she knows it. She just doesnt want to have to face up to any of this so she takes the easy way out and just continues to drink. The sad thing for you is that your trying to handle this huge problem all by yourself. You can not do this alone- Get as many family members (those who dont drink!) on board to help you. As a group you should gather as much info as possible - so youll know how to proceed. I once knew someone in a similar situation who secretly videoed his mom drunk (leaving a camcorder running in a hiding spot) over several nights time. He got help from others he trusted by showing them the footage. I so hope you are able to get them the help they so desperately need..just dont attempt it alone.
There is NOTHING wrong with the descion youve made not to drink. You also have every right to be scared! Im too scared to try smoking/drugs for fear of becoming addicted. Im sure I wouldnt, I would just rather not try it at all. The difference between you and your parents is YOUR ability to control yourself, and the reason why you are drinking. Its almost always the people that drink to get away from problems/try to drink the pain away that end up becoming addicted. Its a crutch theyve come to depend on because they think thats the only way for them to be happy and "normal". If YOU want to drink merely for social purposes or to have fun, you should have no problem. Just remember to never ever ever lean on booze or drugs to be happy. You dont seem like someone who needs something like that to live life. Its your personal choice, but I honestly think youd be fine. :)
Yes,part genetically by way of inhereting an adictive nature and partly by envienment to a lesser degree.The word alcohlic in my opinion should never be used to refer to somebody who has become addicted to alcohol
Yes! I cant believe that whoever was raising you didnt tell you that while you were growing up so that youd know to stay the heck away from it! Alcohol is fine for regular people, but really bad news for those with addiction and those born of addicts! I would think it would be ESPECIALLY dangerous for someone born with fetal alcohol syndrome! Youre lucky you werent born with mental retardation.
1. Cigarettes(Cigarettes contain over 4,000 chemicals, including 43 known cancer-causing (carcinogenic) compounds and 400 other toxins. These include nicotine, tar, and carbon monoxide, as well as formaldehyde, ammonia, hydrogen cyanide, arsenic, and DDT. Nicotine is highly addictive. Smoke containing nicotine is inhaled into the lungs, and the nicotine reaches your brain in just six seconds.So from even smoking a whole cigarette or two, you will get addicted QUICKLY and eventually you get cancer.) 2. Alcohol(When alcohol is consumed, its absorbed into a persons bloodstream. From there, it affects the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord), which controls virtually all body functions. Alcohol actually blocks some of the messages trying to get to the brain. This alters a persons perceptions, emotions, movement, vision, and hearing. but it takes longer for an addiction to occur with alcohol unlike cigarettes) 3.Marijuana(it is natural you dont to add chemicals or any junk to produce an effect.there are no reported deaths.it is proven that you cannot overdose on marijuana). and there are medicinal properties but since the government gains no profit from it, they plan to deny it.) @Jackie - Bob Marley did not die because of marijuana, he died of cancer, which began as skin cancer on his foot but later spread to his lungs and brain.
You need to seek help. Its hard to break alcoholism on your own without some kind of support system. Especially since you started so you. And you dont want to kill your liver! Get help ASAP.
Drink in Moderation you might have more control of your brain and your memory could probably boost but some people would advise giving it up for good
well u might be if he drinks it and offers u a drink . u might get addicted and become a one. take care of yourself and youll be fine :)
Yes
Some Famous people feel like they are invincible because they have everything: fame, fortune, ect. Others are addicted.
1. 16 2. Female 3. I dont drink often enough to say an actual amount of time, just at special occasions, parties/christmas/new year etc and I will drink barely anything, 3 alcopops or a glass of champagne. 4. Parents give it me, for example, at family occasions if its champagne or baileys at Christmas or my older siblings for parties but my parents are aware of this. 5. I dont really seriously think about the health risks although I am aware of them and accept them. 6. Im not really worried about my future health, alcohol related, as I drink barely anything. Although unlikely, know I could become addicted to alcohol however practically everything in life carries a risk. I dont smoke, I dont do drugs, I eat healthily, Im a national level swimmer and a straight A student, I think Ill survive. 7. It tastes nice and if youre drinking the small amounts that I do, its just a bit of fun! Apologies for judging, but looking at your questions, you seem pretty paranoid!
When you say your mother says she will never stop drinking and you think its just the alcohol talking, you are in total denial. She has a proven history that she has no intention of ever stopping just by her behavior alone. The best possible thing you and your family can do for her is to put her in jail. She is not going to die in jail from withdrawal. Jails are well aware of the problems with detoxing an alcoholic and she will be taken care of medically. They are not going to let her go into seizures and just watch her die. Doing nothing but watching her drink and asking her to stop is never going to work. She wont stop and she will die. If she were my mom, I would happily turn her in so she can detox and maybe she can think about her life sober for a change and where it has brought her. Then your family might have a change of really talking to her if she is sober for once. The longer they keep her in jail, the better off. I would hope for at least a year. If your family does nothing, this mother you love will die. She may still die depending on the amount of liver damage she has, but it is a sure thing she will die if she doesnt stop drinking. I know you must have had a lot of rough times growing up in this environment and my heart goes out to you. You certainly did not deserve a life like this. Your family needs to stop enabling her to drink and remain sick. You all need to do everything you can to make drinking miserable and difficult to her. I would definitely report her to the methadone clinic and her doctor as to what she is doing. If I were her husband, she would not get a dime of money from me for drinking. I would not give her any kind of support that allows her to drink. If she gets crazy, call the cops and let them take to jail. Make it as difficult as possible. She needs a big wake up call as to what she is destroying with her drinking. She gets to escape the world by being drunk all the time while everyone else has to make sure she is OK. Most alcoholics would like that and gives them have no incentive to quit. Send her to jail ASAP for a start.
No, you know youre an alcoholic when you go to beer when youre sad, mad, or anything else. And you would also need beer a lot.
Melanie, Im so sorry that you have to go through this. My heart goes out to you. If youre writing from the United States, you can call the Boys Town hotline. Even though its called Boys Town, the trained and experienced counselors help both boys and girls. The counselors answer the phone 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Its an 800 number. Therefore nobody will know that you called. It wont show up on anyones phone bill. The phone number is 800-448-3000. They specialize in the type of family problems that youre having. I also suggest that you join AL-ANON or Ala-teen. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. I put a link below, Melanie. Best of luck, Sean Roberts
hey. i know what your saying. but the truth is, you are probably bordering on that line, of alcoholic. when i was younger like you. i too enjoyed my alcohol. it made me feel nice. but then in the next few years, i started drinking too much of it, and i became addicted. you just have to be careful. you can easily fall into being an alcoholic if you start drinking too much to get drunk. and have that nice buzz feeling.
none
I dont see why it would not be ok. Yur not being a sick **** feeding into addiction. I think its great yu want to do this. I was an addict myself.
No, the only way to become an alcoholic is to drink too much over a period of time so that your body become dependent on it. There is no gene that makes someone an alcoholic, theyve been looking for it for years. Every year or two, theres a big announcement that it has been found and a quiet retraction awhile later. Alcoholism does seem to run in families, but is it nature or nurture? Many alcoholics never developed coping skills for life and cant teach them to the next generation, the kids see their families attempt to drink away problems and copy them once they are faced with adult problems. Certain mental health issues like anxiety or depression run in families and these conditions make one more prone to becoming an alcoholic, but they dont make a person an alcoholic. Heres a good place for non-judgmental alcohol information: http://www2.potsdam.edu/hansondj/index.h    I do not suggest AA or any other 12step group for information, it is not scientific information, its filled with folk lore and religious in nature.
The apostles drank wine, Christ turned water into wine for his first miracle (the wedding at Cana), and wine was drunk at the last supper. As long as you dont abuse your body by getting drunk, theres no sin involved.
Definitely you need the help. A person who is a social drinker never worries about whether they have a drinking problem. Its not uncommon for people with bipolar disorder to also be drug or alcohol addicted.
has the drinking caused a problem? for example, does it make you neglect a priority? do you black out? do you drink and drive? do you forget about you childs homework?are your teeth stained? have you ever received an alcohol related ticket? these are all problems caused by alcohol, any of which IMO would mean you have an alcohol problem. some are right when they say an alcoholic is one that is DEPENDENT on alcohol but you dont have to have a physical addiction to alcohol to be an alcoholic/addict If alcohol is causing a problem in your life then you have an alcohol problem.
it means your addicted to alcohol on a non chemical level. You arent going through withdraws or anything or contemplating suicide, i hope. you just love your wine. it would be like me drinking 4 sodas a night and then missing it when i run out. as long as alcohol doesnt completely control your life, then you are fine, although i would cut back a bit, thats a lot of alcohol yout taking in.
Its really not a good idea for addicts newly in recovery to seek out relationships with each other, especially romantic relationships. The likelihood of relapse increases for both parties. I would suggest not getting into any new relationships for awhile. You need to work on getting comfortable with your new sober way of living. Love and lust can be used as a substitute for getting high/drunk. It releases the same chemicals in the brain, and will definitely make you more likely to relapse if things go bad in the relationship. You have to decide whats best for you, but if youre serious about staying clean, I would advise against starting any new relationships for at least 6 months to a year. It really isnt THAT long and you should work on your relationship with YOURSELF first! You are the most important person in your life and your health and well-being should come first. Hang out with close *sober* friends and family and rebuild your support circle. Once those areas are solid, then you can start thinking about a romantic relationship. Good luck to you and congrats on your sobriety!
I know right? While people like us need to work 40+ hours a week for a living, the druggies get everything handed to them!!
You sound like my mom. and my mom has lots of problems...yes your an alcoholic
Its not up to you to fix an alcoholic. I am speaking from experience here, having had an alcoholic boyfriend and an alcoholic father. You cannot fix an alcoholic - the addict must want help in order to BE helped. What you need to do is carry out a compassionate detachment. Youre not doing her any good by killing yourself with worry over her. Pick up the book "Codependent No More" and READ IT. This is the only self-help book that Ive ever purchased, and it helped me immensely. It is directly related to the situation you are in - in that, you absolutely cannot help her until you help yourself, and even then, she may not even accept help. Codependency is painful and unnecessary for everybody involved. I hope your situation becomes less awful soon. Best of luck to you.
You seem pretty harsh on your Mother who is trying to get her life back. Show her love and treat her with respect. You do owe her that. Give yourself a chance to know her before putting her down. I am sure you do love her and that she loves you. Yes, alcoholism is a disease and you like your siblings do have a chance of being one to. Stay away from alcohol yourself but try to understand others who have this disease.
If you manage to get off them and turn your life around, then you are a strong person. It is weak to let alcohol and drugs destroy your body. It is weak because YOU cannot control it, when you SHOULD be able to. Geniuses were and are human too. They have their weaknesses like everybody else. Alcohol must have been theirs. Mine is something different.
none
mostly the effect. the relief, the physical dependency. no one alcoholic is the same as the other. i absolutely love the feeling of not caring, forgetting about problems, and carelessness (among many other things I love- yet hate about drinking)
Do you really do all of this? And you are still alive? I think you are a troll and a liar LOL.
Yes I would say you are you are addicted to it. That is how it all starts before you know it you will a full blown un able to go with out it alcoholic. It doesnt seem youre physically addicted yet but you sure are mentally addicted. There is a difference physically is when you go threw major withdrawals and cant function. Mentally addictive is when you think about it all the time EVEN THOUGH you dont YET. It is also when you have the money you just buy it not even thinking about it or when ever you are bored you just drink it. If you are especially drinking by your self on a normal basis Id say you are mentally addicted. If you want to know what one it is you can take this test you HAVE TO BE HONIST dont beat around the bush taken this test. http://www.step12.com/alcoholic-20-quest    That is not a bs test it is what is really used to define people that really need help that want it.
If alcoholic drinks are taken in small proportions, you take it with food, and a lot of time is spaced out between drinks, then it isnt that harmful. Cigarettes are never good for you. They will most likely get you addicted and will cause serious harm to your lungs, heart, and other organs. Alcohol can damage the liver, the kidneys, and the brain.
Theres many reasons: Social: some people feel compelled to look cool, some do it to be "in". Sometimes friends wont like you if you dont drink (im 22 and i dont drink, trust me, i get bugged about it every now and then). Personal: Alchol is a drug, it alters your perceptions, makes you feel a buzz, etc. As such sometimes people use this buzz to drown out personal problems or issues, etc or to feel happy chemical: because alchol is a drug it faces the same addictive qualties and a withdrawl symptom as drugs also its one of the only legal and widespread drugs.... so yeah
I think yahoo actually has some sites designed for networking and engaging others . . this is Yahoo Answers in which people should be looking to get questions answered that they cant find elsewhere . . . Im sorry for your loss and plight . . i have seen too many people affected by alcoholic and drug addicted parents . . many have suffered dearly from it. It truly is a horrific experience to grow up in that environment and then to see them check out . . Damaged people, all. Best wishes to you and hopefully you can create a network of people looking for some salvation
I dont think its that they dont understand, its pretty much unavoidable in a developed country to not be aware of the risks of smoking and drinking but when you have an addiction to something your mind can play tricks on you- make you think "no, that wont happen to my baby" or "its okay because I only smoke/drink x amount which is less than y" addicts can try to justify what they do because theyre dependent on cigarettes or alcohol. It doesnt necessarily mean they dont care about their baby. As for taking a baby off an alcoholic or smoking mother, it can happen, if social services believe the child will be at risk but generally, being in care is not ideal for a child and most governments would prefer taking children into care only for worst-case scenarios.
All types of people suffer from alcohol. But, you call it suffer, I call it a good ol time. Teens are effected, adults are effected, nightclubers are effected, couples are effected, married couples are effected, old people are effected. Drinking alcohol is not bad. You know you are addicted to alcohol when after a long hard day at work, all you think about is beer/shots/wine. You REALLY know you are addicted to alcohol when if you do not have that alcohol after a days work, you withdrawal.
While nicotine can help, (very slightly), with depression it is not nearly strong enough to actually help you day to day. Start in the phone book and find a real therapist. Get on real medication. Drop the booze and other drugs as they wont help at all.
A deep thinker you are. I suppose if a person had enough alcohol in their blood stream, they could intoxicate skeeters. This could be a cure for being bitten by skeeters, get them intoxicated enough to where they cant make a decent landing on your body. In no way do I recommend people drink alcohol to ward off skeeters.(This is an unpaid, unpolitical senior citizens community service announcement.)
You dont have to drink bum wine to be an alcoholic. There are plenty of snobby alcoholics out there. I cant say if you have a problem or not, but I think its a silly argument that it isnt a problem because you only crave the top shelf.
yes, very possible. Alcoholism is a 3 fold illness - physical, mental, and spiritual. The physical tendency to become addicted to alcohol and other mind altering substances is thought to be a genetic trait that occurs in approximately 10 percent of the population. Whether or not that person ever tries alcohol is the variable that will determine if they become addicted. They have the disease that we call alcoholism present in their physical bodies. They may or may not become an alcoholic though. This is a very complex subject that is impossible to discuss fully here. There is very good information on this subject with video workshops available here: http://www.owlsnestrecovery.com also http://www.recoverfromaddictionnow.com
Alcohol is much worse. Alcohol can make you sick. You can drink it until you pass out and the next day you cant remember what happened the night before. You get a terrible hangover the next day and can feel sick for several days. If you get addicted to alcohol, it destroys your body, its hard on your liver and kidneys and you heart. We all know someone who ruined his or her life with alcohol. As many as one in nine people cant drink alcohol because it makes them sick or because they are addicted. Weed is not addictive. You cant smoke it until you pass out and lose your memory. Its never been shown to harm your body. Its never destroyed anyones life. It is a better social or recreational drug in just about every way.
Food can be an addiction to certain people, in the same manner alcohol is an addiction to certain people. Fat people are ridiculed in society and it seems to be okay, when the truth is, their cravings for food are as strong as a crack addicts craving for cocaine. I weighed 370 lbs at one time, and I lost over 170 lbs and it is so hard to keep it off. I can tell you the cravings I get for bad food is real. I resist the best I can and exercise.
Like any other intoxicant one can consume, the body grows a tolerance to the substance. Thus it takes much more to get them drunk. Like how you see people addicted to heroin. After a while they dont even get high off of it. They just take it to feel "normal."
it is an addiction. addiction is considered a disease, and is treated as such. seems odd. the body is so dependent on alcohol, that quitting is actually very stressful. you can,t convince any addict that they have a problem until they are at the end of their rope, so to speak.
No. I think you have to stop drinking. I dont know if you are an addict or you just drink once in awhile, but I want to let you know that if you drink to mutch all the time your kidneys can fail. Im only telling you because my dad drank alot and his kidneys might fail and he may die soon. So when ever I hear someone thats drinking I get scarred for them. I hope I helped you alittle at least
Hi, youve asked a good question,especially to those who need to be educated...like the other answerer who got it all wrong..."jean",gene. My mother was also an alcoholic when...well ever since I could remember.My step dad always told me she drank when she was pregnant with me,so I assume that to be the truth.My mother never tried to stop drinking unlike your mother,and my mother continues to drink to this very day. As for your question? To just break it down....If the child will also become an alcoholic just like the parent/mother? Let me say this...my older sister drinks more than socially? But,isnt falling down drunk.Shes whats know as a "functioning alcoholic".Yes,this is the true description.Shes able to work,and maintain her home/kids/etc.Her biggest problem though? Shes one year and a half older than me(I am 40 now) so,do the math.Her biggest problem? Shes been married/divorced 6 times due to her drinking/alcoholism,and who has suffered the most due to her alcoholism? The children,of course. As for me? I can not stand the taste of alcohol!! Ive been drunk maybe 5 or 6 times throughout my entire life...40 years. BUT......Im(hate to publicize this information)...I am an addict.I abused opiates for well over 16 years,but hated alcohol.Why? Because every time I would see/think of alcohol? I would recall my mothers behaviors when she was drunk!! My mothers behaved as a drunken whore when she was drunk,and when other men were around,and my step dad was at work? My mother behaving in such as way...I was so ashamed/embarrassed,and humiliated,and so young.I wonder now....how I could feel all those feelings at such a young age.How does a 5 year old know how to feel ashamed/humiliated,and embarrassed? Your question also...asks if its partly to do with genetics? Indeed.Research studies have proven this to be a fact,and they are linked.Whether alcohol is the addiction of the parent? Makes no reall significant difference,because...addiction is in the genes,and will likely be from parents to child. It took me...16 years to finally get sober,and maintain my sobriety. I strongly urge you...to steer clear from any/all addictive substances,such as alcohol,opiates,and anything whatsoever thats potentially addictive.You are at risk!!! The risk of you becoming more than just a Social drinker"? Is high. Honestly? Why is a 19 year old drinking socially in the first place? Your already going in the WRONG direction....I just read some areas of your question again,and seen your age..19. I am shocked....a 19 year old drinking socially? Not a good starting point for you. Good luck either way.
If you really want to change, start with this http://seekyt.com/breaking-the-cycle/
Only you can know the answers to your questions. Our opinions dont matter.
If you are serious,you could contact a support group.Google support groups for kids with alcoholic parents.That would be a good place to start.
Here is my advice as a bartender for over 15 years. While you are as young as you are, I think you should have as much fun as possible. Just know this, if you keep going as hard as you are, it will eventually catch up to you. Be it a DUI or eventual health problems or getting fired from your job...tust me...you will get bitten in the *** eventually. Thats life. You will get a wake up call soon enough...hopefully you will listen to it. Until than, best of luck and please be safe.
Thats a hard one. You have been in rehab for a very short period. I dont think you are ready to stop drinking as you are finding yourself already and too soo trying to come up an excuse to drink ( pls dont take it as criticism). You must respect his decision as he needs to make whatever he needs to to try to stay sober. Do not push it. Rehab is about being selfish, he needs to be selfish in order to recover. If you think you are about to relapse, pls explain this to your counselor...He or she will understand but it is on to them to decide whether or not to extend your disability. If you have already relapsed and believe you will continue to drink, then you probably need to extend your leave....NONE gets better in one month. For your own sake, focus only on your rehab, you do not need to swap addictions...Stay away from any relationship at the moment until you are physically and mentally ready... My best luck for you. Recovering alcoholic and addict.
You probably had an alcoholic seizure coupled with an alcoholic blackout... Do you realize youre lucky to be alive ? Drink lots and lots of water today...Rehydrate yourself and flush it all out of your system....Dont do that again !! lol
Get back on your horse and ride which is to say have a drink on me. There are other sections were this belongs. The alcohol section is not a pity party section. No problem at all.
Go to school and socialize.
Depends on what you mean? When an ex-cocaine user got stimulated (in the past) by alcohol to doing cocaine... then maybe it is not such a good idea... as this would trigger an ex-cocaine addicts brain to wanting some. alcohol is usually what brings the cocaine user down.. at times where the user is too hyper... and therefore a lot of drinking is normally involved.. but the brain obviously associate drinking with cocaine..
Milk is worse. Many studies have shown that nearly all drug addicts and drunks used milk first.
Because the government can make more money by keeping alcohol legal. So they dont want to address the fact that alcoholics are just as dangerous.Its pretty much the same as why the demonize smoking,but say next to nothing about drinking!They should take alcoholism just as serious with the excessive number of drunk driving tragedys per year.But the government doesnt care about whats right.All they care about is whats going to make the most money. I do think drug addicts should be put in jail or rehab because even though they are killing themselves,while alive their a danger to society.Considering most will do anything to get the drugs while their alive. And alcoholics are killing themselves just as well...just a little slower.
I dont know. See, its hard to measure internals like that unless you can actually read neurological signals without tech. Its likely shes just excusing her uncontrollable behavior. Most people dont know the reasons why they do the things they do.
Im a recovered alcoholic in my 5th year of sobriety thanks to Alcoholics Anonymous, I now work in a rehab clinic myself so alcoholism is my specialist subject if you like. Alcoholism is not hereditary and thats a fact, your chances of becoming an alcoholic are the same as anyone elses, just keep your drinking in moderation and if you want a good guide have a look at this link. http://www.patient.co.uk/health/Alcohol-   
I see no problem. Yeah, yeah, same old BS questions from same BS source. We dont care if you have a problem with alcohol or anything else. This is not the place to post family and relationship or health topics. Doing this is a violation subject to deletion. I have talked with many people from Texas that say the same thing as you. What is it with the people of Texas? If you feel that you drink too much, too often, cant act right, or any other personality anomaly when drinking then stop. Otherwise keep up the drinking and talk with only those that care. Need more, find it here. http://answers.yahoo.com/dir/index<SEMCOL>_ylt=   
Cocaine will kill you a lot faster than alcohol. Most people can do small amounts of alcohol without becoming addicted, whereas cocaine will addict much more quickly and much more severely. Yes, coke is worse than alcohol. Cost of drugs is a RESULT of being illegal, not the cause of it.
If youre staring to question whether you need help then youre well on the road to getting treatment and recovering. If you dont like the person youve become and the person you are when you come down /or find another guy in your bed then yes you need help. I wouldnt call you a whore because you dont behave like one when youre sober/dry so please dont call yourself one or allow yourself to be treated as one. I hope you get the help and support you need. Good luck x
There is no scientific consensus on whether alcoholism is a disease or not, and as you point out, there are many rational and obvious reasons to reject its classification as a disease. The best criticism tends to be that, with an actual disease, you cannot choose to go into remission from it. Someone cannot choose to no longer have cancer or choose to no longer have smallpox. There is also no other disease that is widely believed to have a "spiritual solution", which is exactly what AA members would tell you AA is + what the 12 Steps are about. That said, alcoholism (and drug addiction) does have a genetic basis for many people. And, yes, if your parents are alcoholics/addicts, even if you did not live with them, you have a much greater likelihood of being susceptible to substance abuse. Its for people with that susceptibility that "the first sip" is particularly dangerous, as they are more "hard wired" to become addicts. Then then there are people who dont have a genetic predisposition to alcohol/drug abuse, and for them it might be the first sip or it might be a sip after 20 years of drinking normally. These folks tend to become alcohol/drug abusers for psychological reasons - as a way to deal with depression, the death of a loved one, end of a marriage, or other life difficultly. And back to the idea of a "disease" . . . even if you and I agree that alcoholism does not start that way, there is a lot of credible evidence that alcohol and drug abuse do cause changes in the brain -- ones that actual create a "disease" situation, where choice becomes progressively less of a factor in continued abuse. Meth addiction is the best example of this. Long term use actually creates a brain that does not function normally and predisposes one heavily to certain behavior and reduces cognitive abilities -- in such a way that, had they been given that brain before they ever touched meth, many believe it could cause them to seek meth out and/or abuse it. But, yeah, the idea of alcoholism as a disease is very questionable, and youre smart to notice that.
Alcohol is what is so addictive about alcohol. And by that, I mean the ethanol, which is the type of alcohol in alcoholic beverages, is what people get addicted to. Alcohol is a drug, its a depressant. Therefore, if you drink a lot of alcohol quite often, its possible to become dependent on it. By the way, by saying "addictive" do you mean in terms of alcoholism? Or just why people like it? If you meant the latter, then Id agree with the above answer and say people just like how it makes them feel.
this is a stupid question with stupid answers, alcohol is much worse than cigarettes alcohol changes the person you are alcohol can ruin your life, and you can drink yourself to death in one night you cant smoke yourself to death, you can be addicted to cigarettes and still go to work and function if your drunk you cant function properly
Pot smoker. They would be too stoned to cause any trouble even if they tried. Plus they can concentrate and act normal whereas an alcoholic would be obviously drunk most of the time and could be abusive, careless, rude, and unwanted. Also pot smokers are very rarely addicted to pot and can easily control themselves. Im sure there are many people who have hired pot smokers without even knowing and havent had a problem. Just because marijuana is illegal in most places doesnt mean that it is necessarily worse than alcohol, booze is generally more harmful to the body in clinical studies and is also much more addictive. On the same note, people under the influence of alcohol are generally more of a hazard in the workplace than people under the influence of marijuana. The fact that pot is illegal and alcohol isnt is just the end result of government throughout the years (and the government isnt always right to be honest). Just saying.
After you are addicted to alcohol you might lose your mental control,for example:you might not realize what you are saying or doing. moreover,it bonds you with all kinds of diseases.To live a better life,its better you dont drink alcohol.
It depends how long he is going with out drinking. If its just one day, he isnt likely to have many withdrawl symptoms yet. but if he goes 2 or more days straight with out any alcohol or prescription drugs or anything, then he would most likely go into withdrawls and not be feeling so great. but he could also be hiding his symptoms well. its hard to say. I think its probably for the best, that you try to find different living conditions for you and your baby. Your father needs help, but no one can help him, if he doesnt want to help himself. he needs some professional help to stop drinking and the drugs. tho, once addicted this is very hard to do. but it can be done. talk to your father about trying to get some help.
book him into the priory and let max clifford see to the rest.
I would start Xanax but not abuse it and taper the alcohol gradualy and stop forever. Later you will be start to taper the Xanax. Yes Xanax is addictive, but take it as prescribed BUT alcohol is worse. I have the same problem. Valium will be better since is long acting and withdrawals and not as bad as Xanax which is short acting. Since you have Xanax start using and if you can stop alcohol it will be great, if not just taper it every day and stop drinking.
All you can do is clearly state how their alcohol addiction has negatively affected you and how it has affected the alcoholics life. After that, the alcoholic can choose to continue to live in denial or acknowledge the problem and ask you to help. Addictions are very powerful and the addict is likely to deny the problem and continue to let alcohol destroy their life. When its get painful enough<SEMCOL> when they hit bottom, they might choose life without alcohol. You cannot force that decision. It is theirs.
  Yes..
Maybe join a support group and go to their meetings religiously and perhaps call a friend you make from there that can talk you out of taking a drink. Or perhaps even he/she could come over and hang out just to pass the time.
Youre an opioid addict, bro.
I would think it highly unlikely that youre addicted to alcohol. Liking and wanting alcohol isnt the same as addiction - just as liking a person isnt the same as love.
No dont, you are underaged. If you start drinking now it could ruin your health and you could get addicted. Invite a friend over and play some games or something. DONT DRINK!
Well he has a history of substance abuse. He probably replaced the drugs with alcohol. No recovering addict should drink there brains cant tell the difference between the two. He probably is an alcoholic.
Although I totally disagree with the person who said to join AA (thats for addicts), they do have a saying that fits: "One day at a time". I basically gave up alcohol over 20 years ago after being a very heavy drinker in college. Find something to do that takes your mind off of drinking (for me it was bike riding). I rarely think about drinking at all any more. In fact, my wife had to get me to start drinking in social situations because she felt uncomfortable being the only one in our couple doing the drinking. _
well its great that you realize you have an addiction your off to a great start. Do something else. It can be very hard to concentrate on not doing something. It is much easier to concentrate on doing something. So you must remember all the fun things you used to do.Schedule time each day to do some of the things you love. Have you been wanting to improve your flexibility? Practice your splits when you wake up. If you love to draw, make a deal with yourself that you will spend thirty minutes a day drawing before you sit down at your computer. If you love to read, arrange a weekly trip to the library and promise yourself you will read for one hour each day before turning on your computer. Help around the house. Each day, surprise your parents by sweeping the kitchen floor, or washing the paint on the front door, or throwing in a load of laundry. Not only will this keep you with your addiction, it will also win you all kinds of brownie points with your family. And it will only take you twenty or thirty minutes, less if you are quick. Hang out with people who arent addicted to furry good luck
alcoholics drink alcohol excessively or are addicted to it. if you HAVE to have it and you go ape **** without it, i guess you could be considered an alcoholic.
you definitely dont sound like an alcoholic at this point. ive been in recovery for 16+ months now, and i have no family history AT ALL of alcoholism...i also know plenty of children of alcoholics who drink completely normally. it might be smart to keep an eye on alcohol consumption, just to make sure you dont start abusing it, but theres no reason you shouldnt continue to drink moderately at this point if you want to. and i should add an obligatory DUH, you shouldnt be drinking at 17, but most of us did it. you are at a higher risk, but biology is not destiny.
You can talk to her all you want but she wont stop till she is ready. Its unfortunate with the kids today how they drink and do drugs. She will realize it one day but it will be to late.
High tolerance probably, and good deal of blessing. I know youre not supposed to answer a question with a question but... Why would you want to get addicted? Nothing good can come out of it.
Your an individual and everyone is different! For some they would lose interest in sex and the rest because an addiction like alcohol or say cocaine would become their primary or soul interest! Personally i would say you are just young and going though all that hormonal stuff. Its far healthier than getting into the drug/alcohol addiction thing. Youll likely grow out of it!
Marijuana is not harmful,they say that 6 out of 100 students do it. So how would they know? They dont, and you dont get addicted to the marijuana or whatever your smoking you get addicted to the feeling. The only affects there are with marijuana, is short term. There fore, they only happen while your "high" or "stoned", the affects are Dizziness, a lot of laughing for no reason, being light headed and becomes very hungry. The only thing that really has long term affects and can really mess you up is Crystal Meth. Getting addicted to alcohol, being an alcoholic can mess up your life if you let it. Thats about it.
All evidence shows that drug and alcohol addicts that stay clean for long enough periods of time start to physically recover, even from dramatically affected states. Stay clean. Talk to a doctor if youre ill. Get better. Good luck.
What scares an addict more than anything is knowing that theyre caught and having to admit that its actual issue, thus giving up the one thing they love more than anything. That is terrifying to them. The way you approached it the first time was good. It worked. The problem is that it only worked temporarily and Im sorry to say that it was not your fault. Addicts struggle so much to fight their addictions but when the addiction comes back to taunt them, its very very hard to shake it off unless theyre doing all they can to avoid the urges. Just seeing that bar they once sat in can torture them to the point where they cant resist any longer even though they tried. Its frustrating because they may go years without one drink but once an addict, youre always an addict. Its an every day fight. Your poor dad knows it can take his life and even let you down but his addict mind is winning over his rational, the dad you know mind. The addict in him is fighting you off right now because he may very well be caught up in it again. You are doing all that you can do but he has to do this stuff for himself. Has he ever been in treatment? Stopping cold turkey is nearly impossible. Rather than tell him what can happen if he doesnt stop (thats OLD news), I would not interact with him at this time. Tell him that the addict is not the dad you know and its tough to see this person that seems to be taking over when he drinks and you feel as though he needs help and you will do what you can to see that he gets it. The same for his wife. Wait until hes clear headed though. Good luck
this is a problem with the UK, there is not correct professional-patient confidentiality in place, so therefore it is hard for proper relationships to be built, meaning that help is not sought and problems are not solved. Shes right to avoid unnecessary social service involvement, Im pretty sure they have contests to see who can bag the most decent person as a victim on something, whilst doing a completely insufficient job when the person is an ex-convict, drug addict etc
I have to think that they should both be legal, for this reason. People say you shouldnt take estacy, meth, cocaine, or marijuana. All but one of those are terrible, terrible drugs. However, if a someone finds out that pot isnt that bad (Because it does about the same amount of damage to your system as alcohol) then theyll think that the everyone was wrong and that none of them are that bad. Under no circumstances could those other ones be considered not harmful. Marijuana is bad for you, just like drinking and smoking is bad for you (hell, its even better for you than smoking) and categorizing it as an "illegal drug" could really make people more open to doing other drugs. It does the same amount of damage to you as drinking, and if it does become legal, then it should have all the same restrictions as drinking, but still... it should be legal.
Because they are weak minded fools who couldnt say no when they were first introduced to them.
if youre physically addicted to alcohol, you need to be careful when you quit drinking. some heavy alcoholics experience delerium tremens, where you can hallucinate and go through seizures<SEMCOL> i was in a rehabilitation center, and someone had a seizure in residence (they were only in their 30s and hadnt been drinking huge quantities of alcohol). when detoxing, most doctors recommend going to a hospital. at the very least, you need to have someone keeping an eye on you to make sure the symptoms are relatively minor. a lot of alcoholics experience tremors, some heart palpitations, and insomnia (among other things). as a recovering alcoholic (16+ months now), i needed group support, therapy, and keeping up with my psychiatric meds to address the core issues behind my drinking. people quit on their own, with AA, or by checking into rehab. its up to you and how serious you think your addiction is. but be careful with the physical aspects of withdrawal. good luck!
your body for some reason is craving lots of water. try drinking water as opposed to milk or juice or soda or something. It should help. Your body is changing so much right now, it may just need extra.
Shes addicted to snorting star dust
Leave him and if you have family or friends to go with just go with any of them this is a really bad marriage.....he obviously does not care about you or your kids at all he is putting his addictions first before the marriage and family, its sad how you are going through this. If you do not leave him it will only get worst, well it seems like it already is. Do not try to stick with somebody who obviously does not appreciate you or care for you. Just leave him he is not worth anything at this point he spends money on drugs and alcohol instead of worrying about how to provide for you and the children or atleast paying the bills. i mean cmon he basically is going to have you kicked out he does not care........if you are renting an apartment just kick him out and get a restraining order against him or move as far as possible as you can....Good Luck
1. I Need Drugs by Necro, its basically about someone whos a extreamly bad drug addict but cant seem to stop. (hip hop) 2. Another one is called Deja Vu by Eminem, and its about relapsing on drugs (hip hop) 3. Pour Me By Hollywood Undead, Its a sad flowing song about strugles of alcohol abuse and depression (rap rock)
There are many aspects of alcohol that are addictive and destructive in nature. There are also many highly successful programs designed to help people overcome the crippling addition. What I am about to tell you is not commonly practiced in therapeutic settings, but is none the less true. Getting someone off alcohol is not as complicated as it appears. What is difficult is dealing with life without alcohol. Let me explain. A true alcoholic has every part of their life affected by alcohol. Their relationship with their wife, children, boss, friends are all based on their understanding of the client as an alcoholic. Since alcohol is such a large part of their life, the removal of alcohol creates a vacuum. They must now tell their wife she can trust them, the children they are not going to be embarrassed by them anymore, and their boss they are safe to drive the tow motor. These people still see them as an alcoholic and will not trust them because they still see an alcoholic. If you want to help someone addicted to alcohol, make sure they are in a good 12 step program, but also remind them it takes hard work and patience. People will not change how they look at you overnight, just because you are making a change, and it will require time to earn their trust. Tell your client to find something to fill their life with. This is why faith based alcohol programs often work, because they can fill the vacuum left by the removal of alcohol with something. Just make sure they take the time to earn the trust of others, and never go back to alcohol. The vacuum left by the removal of alcohol from the life of an alcoholic is easily filled by returning to an alcoholic lifestyle. That way they do not have to prove themselves to anyone, and they can return to the comfort of a alcoholic life, where everyone has low expectations and they have nothing to prove.
The short answer is NO. Youre not eligible to donate because you are an addict. Your drug is alcohol. Your boyfriend will not stop drinking, and he will not get a transplant. I can tell you from personal experience, Ive worked in the ER 15 years. He would have to quit drinking for 1 YEAR to even be eligible to be on the transplant list, and livers are very hard to come by, so they give them to the people who just happened to get sick first, not people who drank themselves to death. Just the way it is.
Being an alcoholic means you are addicted to drink. Just like some people are addicted to drugs. No one sets out to be an alcoholic. It is a disease. Some people can binge drink each weekend yet are not an alcoholic as they can go without drink if they wanted. The alcoholic cannot go without drink. Alcohol affects mainly the liver. You cannot be sure the pain you get is in the kidneys and or liver, just that you get a pain. You have two kidneys on either side of your body and the liver is on the right. The alcoholic doesnt want to drink the way they do, they just cannot help it. Binge drinking is different but just as harmful only not addictive. The liver can get damaged beyond repair so a transplant is required. The number of people in their 20s and 30s now requiring a liver transplant is frightening. They dont realise that drinking so much IS damaging their liver and over time cannot be repaired. The liver is an amazing organ in that it is constantly being damaged by all the toxins that pass through our body and gets filtered out by the liver. So as the liver gets damaged by these toxins it repairs itself. Wow that is amazing. But put too much toxins through your body and the liver cannot cope and cannot repair itself quick enough so permanent damage occurs. This is what happens when people drink too much. Either too much each day or going on binge drinking sprees.
In some states they are illegal. Cigarettes are legal because people dont abuse the privilege of owning them. For instance people dont really sell cigarettes to other people because there addicted. There not a harm to other people. Alcohol is dangerous And can also be a harm to other people but the forces are putting together more laws about alcohol abuse.
Nope
What a question! I think luxuries. Because every person in the world can not be addicted to alcohol but if given a chance, everyone wants Air conditioner, mercedez benz, spas, Lunch in 5-star hotel... etc.
Look up the history of Prohibition.
I never believed that about cocaine users. Look at Chris Farley, that was a fat one. Everyone is different. Unfortunately, addiction is so very hard to treat, and if the person doesnt want help, they arent going to accept it, or seek it out. You can certainly share that you are worried about him. It may help for u to start attending Al Anon meetings<SEMCOL> these are for family of people with drinking problems. That is the best idea I have for you. Stick with him, this problem isnt solved overnight. Addicts usually have to quit and relaspse a few times before achieving any long term sobriety. It is a hard road and he needs your support, even if he doesnt act like it. He is lucky to have u.
Each drug has a different capture ratio...as in if you try it once, probably you will become addicted to it. Nicotine ironically has the highest capture ration, followed I believe by heroin and then crack, cocaine, etc. Not everyone will become addicted, but we are talking ratios around 96-98%. So means your experimenting has a very high chance of becoming addiction. Marijuanas capture ratio is extremely low, in the 20s or something like that, and is usually addictive to people who have a mentally addictive personality. In MY opinion i think that drugs and alcohol destroys relationships and familys. Many children lievs with fear every day because someone in there family is addicted to one of these drugs. They lives in a family there they dont feel safe, they cant bring friends over because the feel ashamed. These children does not have the same childhood as we. They parents only care about what the love most. The drugs. These children does not longing for xmas, or other holidays. Because they know that over the holidays they are all alone. No school or friends they can go to. They must be home with they parents that only care about the next drug rush. Im saying this as a kid who haved lived with people who have been an addict to some of these drugs. And personlay i think that you can smoke or take what kind of drugs you want to, as long as you do it by yourself and dont boughter other peoples life. Thats all i have to say. bye.
for one it IS against the law* secondly some ppl dont know when to stop and can get alcohol poisoning*...over drinking thirdly - some ppl become addicted to drinking at a young age and continue to be out of control then the alcohol starts to control them where they cant do without * fourthly*- some ppl it affects differently* some ppl can drink and drink and are OK.......others can have liver failure, kidney failures, it can make you very ill* also being so young, and probably not very heavy, (weight) so you may drink too much and black out*/pass out*............do things you normally wouldnt do*.......... Just not a good plan to drink at such a young age..........why do you think theyve made it a LAW that you have to be 19 (in canada) or 21 in USA.......as youre supposed to be more mature to handle alcohol* WHY not just wait till youre of age* WHY do you have to try and fit in...and drink cuz everyone else is doing it?
If you think you have a problem you need to consult a physician. An addict is someone who cant stop themselves even if its to the point that it hurts themselves or others. A daily drink or 2 is not going to hurt you. Its if you overindulge is where you should be concerned. If you want to find other ways to unwind you should try other rituals. Dont let ocd get the better of you. Learn to meditate. Whether its aromatherapy or soft music find something works for you to stop thinking about your day and relax. For me its taking a long hot shower, change into some comfortable clothes and brush my teeth and I think about nothing but what Im actually feeling and doing at hand. You indicated you may want to have an alcoholic personality because you relax and are up for anything. If Im reading to much into it, please disregard but I think you are referring to social situations you have to just go with it. Be yourself and trust that your friends are going to like who you are no matter what you say or do. When meeting new people its your true character that interest people.
It is highly unlikely as caffeine is a stimulant that increases the activity of the central nervous system causing the person to become more alert, wakeful etc. Alcohol, is a depressant that reduces the activity of central nervous system resulting in decreased arousal, sedation, and a sense of calmness/relaxation. Since both drugs have the opposite effect it is unlikely that a person would go on to become addicted to alcohol because they consume caffeine.
Well lets see...lets weigh out the pros and cons for each shall we? Alcohol Pros: Is okay when used in moderation...so they say. Apparently drinking like two glasses can be beneficial to your health. Cons: Who the hell only drinks two glasses? You can get alcohol poisoning You can get addicted Too many idiots drink and drive To many parents are alcoholics ruining the whole family Alcohol is the number one drug problem in America. A significant portion of violent crimes and vandalism among and by youth involve use of alcohol. You get the point. Now lets talk about Marijuana Pros: You cant ever die from it. There has been no link from smoking and cancer A lot of beneficial uses for medical purposes Does not kill your brain cells Makes you chill Can bring people together. lol Its not a gateway drug. Cons: You can get psychologically addicted. If used inappropriately it may affect your grades Its illegal You may effect your lungs just a tad effects your memory, but only when high And it stays in your system for like 30 days so stay away from the drug tests In conclusion If you can die from something I say its bad. Logically Id say alcohol just because my uncle is an alcoholic and I see all the crap he goes through, and one of my friends dad is an alcoholic and has been through so much b.s. Also too there is just to much baggage behind it. I have yet to meet a family where the parents smoke weed and treat their kids like ****.
Find other things to do, dont put yourself in an environment or around people who tempt you to drink, set limits for yourself (eg. go out every other week and stop after a certain amount of drinks). If you feel youre drinking excessively, you might want to try therapy to talk through as to why you feel the desire to drink so much. If you REALLY want to cut back or quit, its up to you. You truly have to have the will to change your way of life and the way you think. I was addicted to drugs for over a decade, and its a thing of the past for me. Once I cut ties with people I realized were not my friends, and set my priorities straight, my behavior greatly improved. I also see a therapist once per month and have been diagnosed with adult ADHD, which can lead to impulsive behaviors including drug and alcohol use. You know what to do...just do it! Youll feel much better about yourself, I promise. Best of luck to you. P.S. I couldnt help but notice you call yourself "reject". This may be just a silly screen name, but it makes me wonder if you have some underlying emotional problems you need to work out in yourself....hence, the heavy drinking. Im guessing there are feelings within you that lead you to drink so you can let loose and escape the "norm". Thats how I felt, any way. I didnt want to face reality, I never felt like I belonged....I always felt different than others, as "normal" as I may appear, ever since puberty (and Im now 31). I am FILLY feeling comfortable in my own skin, and appreciating how different I am than others. I have learned to face lifes difficulties, clean and sober....and as hard as it is, I feel accomplished with a sense of empowerment of the "real" me. I wouldnt want to be anyone else! And I can proudly say, i feel this way sober....even though I have my crazy moments. <SEMCOL>)
Yes, you should slow down.
Alcohol is an addicting substance IF you are irresponsible with it. I wont preach about drinking at 18 because everyone does it and I would be a hypocrite. All I will say is just be careful, dont drink and drive, and dont get caught. Everyone is entitled to have a drink once a week. Anyone on here telling you not to is full of BS because Im sure they drink on a regular basis as well. Just dont go crazy with it and I think you will be fine. When you start loosing friends, family, and your life due to alcohol, that is when it is time to stop.
none
alchol isnt always addictive. But if your society is against it then you should way up the pros and cons
Isnt wine alcohol, he will be just the same after a few weeks and you will be feeding and keeping his two female friends also. He and they will be laughing up your back, please steer clear of them and find yourself a good guy .. one that you deserve. xx
The substances - other than that no real difference. When prohibition existed alcohol was a criminal enterprise, with poor quality and impure product, gang wars fighting over control of distribution territories, pretty much the same things we are seeing now with drugs. The prohibition of marijuana had less to do with it being a recreational drug as it did with it being competition for Randolf Hearsts paper industry (a better grade of paper was produced and sold for less than wood pulp paper products) and Dow Chemical patents. Before it was made illegal it was freely available and as often as not grown in peoples back yards and on farm. No gang wars for territory, now lacing it with other drugs or abuses related to the underground economy. Coca Cola got its name from one of its ingredients - the coca plant also the source of cocaine. Before it became illegal - quality control, no gang wars for territory you had addicts just like you now have cocaine addicts and alcoholics but not nearly on the scale you see in the illegal drug trade. Laudanum also known as Tincture of Opium (heroin) was once freely purchased over the counter and a common home remedy. before it became illegal you had quality control, not gang wars for territory, yes you had addicts just like you have heroin addicts or heroin addicts today but not nearly on the scale you see in the illegal drug trade. As with cocaine and alcohol because one could purchase the product in the normal marketplace rather than having to enter the enter the underground economy you did not have the exploitation, abuses and crime associated with it that you have now. In more recent times, more innocent people have been harmed by law enforcement attempting to enforce drug laws than the dealers and users themselves. As result no matter how you look at it the drug war is as bad or worse than prohibition. From the perspective of Public Safety: Illegal alcohol and illegal drugs produced products of inconsistent quality, and often was more dangerous itself than the product that was previously legal. Many people went blind, and even died from the product because it was improperly produced, processed or dangerous substances were added or laced into the product to increase profit or give a better high. From the perspective of personal rights, many provisions added to the law as part of the drug war have eroded the bill of rights, and many innocent people have been endangered and even killed because of police mistakes: A common scenario that plays out in America on almost a daily bases would be a drug addict informant gives the police information leading to 4:AM swat team raid on 43 Terrace Avenue, the family dog is killed, the home owner shot or killed, his family unnecessarily traumatized because the correct address was 43 Terrace Place or 43 Terrace street. If you look at local news you find this type of thing at least once or twice a month somewhere in the US. Add to that checkpoints on highways and in cities, stop and searches conducted on innocent citizens, innocent bystanders killed in police chases over a few ounces of pot, innocent bystanders killed or injured in shootouts between the police and suspected dealers. Very seldom is one shot or killed by a Drug Store owner or Liquor store owner when an alcohol or cigarette buy goes bad and the dealer tries to rip off the buyer (or vice verse) but this happens in underground drug economy on almost a daily basis. This does not even consider the expense of incarcerating people for the victim less crime of possessing a few grams of a controlled substance. Add the criminal record that is attached to that and when this person gets out of jail his options are severely limited and otherwise law abiding people turn to crime because they have these limited options. Comparing when these drugs were legal and now that we have the prohibition and the war on drugs it is clear prohibition and the war on drugs creates more social problems and harm to the public than the legal access and consumption of these drugs.
Sure you will Mr. Troll, sure you will. "Alcohol ETG test today, its been 85 hours will i pass?" For the one thousandth time. (wtf!!)
slap that kid silly!!!!!!!!!!! let him know he will ruin his life because he WILL get addicted im positive, and do not let him say no or laugh because seriously this is no joke at all, and ya im in 8th grade bud
When you build a tolerance for alcohol outwardly you would appear like a sober person. A lot of alcoholics hold down jobs and socialize with out anyone knowing they are drunk. Some can drive appearing to be sober however If they are tested they they would still be arrested! And since some alcoholic maintain a level of.2 or more their penalties would be worse. And like any Addict if they want to feel drunk they have to drink more.
The statistics make it look worse only because alcohol is so readily available, from the local shop, petrol station, let alone the cheap price deals from leading supermarkets. People see it as completely harmless, too cheap to walk away & say no, unlike illegal heroin or crack cocaine. A lot lot harder to get hold of, unless youre a die-hard addict, used to the process & its dangers. Alcohol is also legal because there would be riots if it were banned now. Too many people take advantage of it, the daily onslaught of conflicting medical advice from various experts, does not help. Those saying drinking every day is ok, are totally wrong, there are no safe limits for daily consumption, the only safe amount is none. No expert would say take heroin/crack every day for your health, would they? Alcohol is a drug, a nasty one that damages mental health, causes accidents & harms third parties, it needs to be treated with contempt. The government are forever trying the "carrot" approach with alcohol consumption, hoping people will change & never use enough of the "stick". Alcohol should realistically be taxed to the hilt, to pay for treating those abusing it now & for all future harm.
You have a very treatable medical condition, probably runs in the family. seek medical help, it is curable but only if you Really want to stop !
alcohol!!!! Its sold almost everywhere and can be bought legally. Screws you body up pretty bad if your an addict, and turns alcoholics into aggressive assholes most of the time and hurt people. Gambling addiction isnt that bad, only until you run out of money .... Drug addiction is the same as alcohol addiction (obviously not exactly the same, theres many variables) but in essence its same in context. although the difference is drugs are much much harder to get, and illegal.
if your talking about trying too get on the system. like with SSI, or some other kind of disability or social security. that stopped a long time ago. if you are a wino or drunk 24.7. or a drug addict forget it. the days of suiting on a bar stool, for hours or a cocaine addict went out the window ages ago.
Praise Be To ALLAH -The Almighty-, Well, in Islam Drinking alcohol or anything that contains any amount of alcohol even if doesnt affect and keeps you sober is HARAM meaning Forbidden prohibited and NOT allowed, Even if you only drink small amount The Prophet (peace be on him) enunciated the following principle: If anything causes intoxication when used in large quantity, even a small quantity of it is prohibited. If a large quantity of something causes intoxication, to drink even a palmful of it is prohibited. (See Abu Daud, Ashribah, 5<SEMCOL> Ibn Majah, Ashribah, 10) O you who believe! Wine, gambling, altars and divining arrows are filth, made up by Satan. Therefore, refrain from it, so that you may be successful. (90) Satan wishes only to plant enmity and malice between you through wine and gambling, and to prevent you from the remembrance of Allah and from Salah. Would you, then, abstain? (91) ([[ Chapter 5 // Verses 90 - 91 ]]) They ask you about wine and gambling. Say,    In both there is great sin, and some benefits for people. And their sin is greater than their benefit.    And they ask you as to what they should spend. Say,    The surplus   . This is how Allah makes His verses clear to you, so that you may ponder ([[ Chapter 2 // Verse 219 ]]) Dawud :: Book 26 : Hadith 3666 Narrated Abdullah ibn Umar: The Prophet (peace_be_upon_him) said: Allah has cursed wine, its drinker, its server, its seller, its buyer, its presser, the one for whom it is pressed, the one who conveys it, and the one to whom it is conveyed. Dawud :: Book 26 : Hadith 3672 Narrated Abdullah Ibn Abbas: The Apostle of Allah (peace_be_upon_him) said: Every intoxicant is khamr (wine) and every intoxicant is forbidden. If anyone drinks wine, Allah will not accept prayer from him for forty days, but if he repents, Allah will accept his repentance. If he repeats it a fourth time, it is binding on Allah that He will give him tinat al-khabal to drink. He was asked: What is tinat al-khabal, Apostle of Allah? He replied: Discharge of wounds, flowing from the inhabitants of Hell. If anyone serves it to a minor who does not distinguish between the lawful and the unlawful, it is binding on Allah that He will give him to drink the discharge of wounds, flowing from the inhabitants of Hell. Muslim :: Book 23 : Hadith 4959 Abu Musa reported: Allahs Apostle (may peace be upon him) sent me and Muadh b. Jabal to Yemen. I said: Allahs Messenger, there is prepared in our land a wine out of barley which is known as Mizr (beer of our times) and a wine from honey which is known as Bit, (are these also forbidden? ), whereupon he said: Every intoxicant is forbidden. Please read this article as well, it is called "Why is it forbidden to drink alcohol? " http://islamqa.com/en/ref/7327 And Please read this, It explains the verses i quoted from the Holy Quran: http://www.islamicstudies.info/tafheem2.    and at the end i want to say that Undoubtedly this alcohol is harmful to the mind and body, and Allaah has forbidden everything that harms the body and mind, and saps the strength. Everything that is harmful to a person is not permitted. so even if you only drink a small amount this will lead you to a bigger amount next time under the name that you will not get intoxicated. i hope that i answered your question.
Because addicts usually are loyal to their dealer. Killing your fellow humans isnt natural to most of us, and we wouldnt want soldiers to desert now would we? Thats why armies allow alcohol ( a harddrug), tobacco and even cocaine (in WW1), but dont allow cannabis (=pot, marihuana)
I doubt it will ever be the same because alcohol is alot harder to regulate. Its alot harder to stop people from drinking bc people will make their own alcohol. Though I do see the irony and think its wrong for society not to show the side effects of alcohol abuse bc as a child who grew up with an alcohlic mother I know how out of control it can become however cigarette smoke travels to others and cause health problems from second and third hand smoke whereas alcohol only effects the alcoholics health, not those around. Sure it destroy families but it doesnt cause second hand alcoholicism unless you think of it as a psycological effect. Th parent is an alcoholic and the children are then predisposed to it so they have a higher chance of abusing alcohol, but as innocent children it doesnt effect their physical health just mental and apparently thats not important to the government. Its too hard for the government to stop the production and sell of alcohol. Thats why it will probably never be seen as a negative thing, but luckily shows like Addicted show how damaging it truely can be.
both have their downsides Shisha is just tobacco leaves chopped up with flavored molasses on it. It doesnt have any additives like cigarettes do so you dont get addicted and you dont have the chemical going into your lungs. But like any smoke... its not the best thing for you, but wont hurt you if you just smoke on occasion. Shisha wont get you messed up in anyway, it will relax you some you may get a little light headed but it wont last. Alcohol can do a lot worse things, like making you sick, longer last effects...how you feel the next day and can cause more damage if you drink a lot then if you smoked a lot of shisha.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, sweetie, but a persons WILL is strong ... you cannot help her break her alcoholism ... she has to want it for herself and not for you or anyone else! If she cuts back and doesnt get ****faced, that WILL not put her through withdrawals. By her not having anything AT ALL, then that will! Your advice to her by gradually cutting back is GREAT advice, but the more you try to help someone that is not ready to help themselves, the more she will drink! If you love her and want to stay with her (as you have stated) then I would advise you to go to an AA meeting for support! At this point, it wouldnt hurt, but if you dont go, then all I can offer is that you figure out a way to accept her unconditionally. I know you care about her and dont want to see her doing this to herself, but again, she has to see what damage she is causing and stop on her own. God bless you BOTH! Wish I had a friend like you! Not everyone in this world is so willing to tolerate this kind of behavior and still love the one theyre with!
Wrong, the death rate for heroin is also due to killing yourself to stop Hitler rising from the dead or murdering to stop a giant ant from eating you. Nicotine, though more addictive, is only a stimulant. Going by percentages nearly everyone who uses hard drugs like heroin dies whereas only a few alcoholics do. EDIT: Didnt notice that you use amphetamines and ketamine. So following Amy Winehouse are you? Alcohol is significantly cheaper than that cr*p, how can you criticize people for using alcohol when youre a psycho drug addict?0
because it is how life on earth is arranged....according to lives on earth one have to eat others for living(it might sound evil) thts wht happens...cycles--plants-> plant eating animals->animal eater->scavengers->back to earth,non living materials->.. this is wht happens..even in being a veg u kill plants to eat.. thr is story of mahavir how he realised(thou he branched from hindu ,he understood this concept ) "he stopped eating non-veg because he has to kill animals and became a veg inorder not to hurt them....then later on he realised tht plants too have life and stopped eatting live plants(inorder not to hurt them),he ate the fruits that fell from the tree by itself....then he found tht thr were small ants and bugs were eating them,he had to kill atleast few bugs to eat tht fruit....so he stopped eatin fruits(not to hurt bugs) and drunk water and survived...but yet again he found tht in course of breathing he was killing micro-organism ...(here comes the climax)...he controlled his breathe and he was abt to die...but he relalise tht he shouldnt hurt himself, a being on earth..." moral of the story-take food tht least hurts organisms around...becos u are also a being on this mighty earth...! i think this is the reason why hinduism doesnt insists being a veg..but being veg is good ,minimal damage....it is good physically tooo
because is addicted drink...
Yes,unfortunatly i have several all into drugs and my poppa (grandpa) used to be heavily into alcohol but hes straightened up now:) And im not sure exactly how much they use but i know its probably alot! :(
No. Some people are born with a genetic tendency towards alcoholism, but they still make their own decisions in life- a single sip is not enough to cause a chemical dependency, its just a starting point.
It can be but a drink or two is not going to get you addicted. Just stick to wines and light beers if you dont want to get drunk. And whoa, how have you never drank alcohol by 30? Im 18 and even Ive had glasses of wine & champagne..chill youll be fine.
I love Malt Scotch, I also enjoy a glass of wine with a meal. I have nothing against alcohol, but I do think misuse of it is a sin. An opium poppy of itself cannot make a drug addict. A gun never jumps up by itself and kills someone. I have yet to see a car or "killer road" actually commit murder. Or a knife decide to slit someones throat. The misuse, by humans, of guns, cars, knives, drug or anything else causes misery and death and are sins. The problem is not with the object or the substance it is the weak will and ego of the individual. Beulah
Yes and no. If you look at statistics related to the mentally ill there is a high correlation between drug use and their illness. An example is about 50% of people with bipolar disorder will have a drug and alcohol dependence issue at some time in their lives. These people did not get into drugs and alcohol because of peer pressure, but because their lives are such hell that it seems the only way to feel better (when actually it makes it worse). I have bipolar disorder and have avoided all illegal drugs, and use very little alcohol because I know I would become addicted quickly and lose even more control of my life than I currently have.
Not something you are expecting, but an alcoholic drinks to feed his endorphin bank. In the early 80s, a New York neurologist measured narcotics addicts for their natural endorphin level, and it was only a third of the "normal" population. At about this time, a drug rehab product called Revia was approved, and later for alcohol rehab. The physician found that if the addict (and alcoholism is an addiction) took a bit less than a tenth of the approved dosage, at bedtime, their bodies check for endorphin level around 2 in the morning, find it to be very low, and brings up the level 200-300% of what it would have been. The person wakes up with an excellent endorphin level, and no need for the drug (including alcohol). And a reminder that throwing up feeds the endorphin bank, too. And a month of the Revia is good for a year of Low Dose Naltrexone, works out with insurance at about 8 cents a day. Plenty of other interesting stuff, including more appropriately directed immune function, even with cancer. And speaking of the endorphins, the Sinclair Method in Europe has the person taking a Revia a half hour or so before a drinking session, and the drive for the alcohol is gradually extinguished, to the point that 78% of binge drinkers can be social drinkers in three months. It all goes to low endorphin level issues, something to consider.
No. If a woman wants to drink alcohol that badly then she is probably addicted to the alcohol. Babies require a lot of mamas attention and I dont see how you can properly care for a baby when you are drinking. Your mind is impaired. I keep imagining that the mom will pass out and the poor baby will be neglected. The most common reason I have heard is that the mom is returning to work.
Find better friends. Our friends influence us in many ways. If they are pressuring you to do something you dont want to do they are not very good friends. I have tried beer twice (at 17) and wine once that is the only time I drank. I have a history of alcoholics in my family (I think I am the first in 3 generations to not drink. In moderation I am sure it is OK but not for me. Good luck and stick to what you want.
I wouldnt say I am addicted to Vodka, but I do drink it every now and then. Like maybe once every two weeks or so. Normally when I am going out on the town with my friends. I guess I just drink it because its cheaper then getting drunk on beer other drink that have a longer percentage of alcohol in them. It doesnt taste very good but mixed with 7-up it tastes fine, and after a couple of glasses I get desensitized to it. Im 18, and in Ireland, all the young people I know are into going out and getting drunk, and I find having some drinks makes me less shy and self concious then when Im sober. Just all part of people a young person I suppose.
Drinking alcohol gives false courage...it removes inhibition..people become more relaxed in crowds.. there are a lot of people who are shy, when a shy person drinks and not necessarily gets drunk but gets tipsy, then the inhibition level gets lowered, they become more outgoing and usually more talkative...some people drink for that reason or start to drink for that reason....other people cant handle life anymore and have to start drinking in the morning a couple of bottles of wine just to make it through the day...those are the ones who have become addicted to alcohol..they feel it makes them fuzzy and a lot of them dont work because they cant ..as they are most of the time on the dole and just live from one drink to another...then they are addicts to alcohol and like medication that is a tranquilizer or a sedative..if one takes it over a long time one becomes addicted..It helps to feel calmer and better for a while but after a certain time the body and mind get addicted and one becomes tolerant to the drugs or the alcohol and one needs more to get the same effect one got before from 2 glasses of alcohol...after some time one needs a whole bottle to get the same feeling...Thats a sad thing...any addiction is bad. People have stress and alcohol helps temporarily to relax them or to fall asleep...if they do drink on a regular basis and cant do without the alcohol then they are addicts...then a lot of them are in denial that they are dependent on the alcohol and cant even admit it to themselves that they are addicted..so there is only help for them once they can admit to themselves I am an alcoholic.. then the AA Alcoholics Anonymous can help tremendously and those people can get better and reclaim their lives and be happy again but they have to stay away from alcohol forever after because once they were alcohlics it only takes one drink and they can be addicted again so for the rest of their lives they are dry alcoholics..they have to give up drinking alcohol altogether otherwise they fall into the same trap of addiction again and it becomes a vicious cycle..x
If you dont go to court, they will find you. O.O Court is your only option, even if they make you do community service. Edit: You could call, asap to avoid larger fine, was there not a date set on the ticket?
It has both sides. An alcoholic is physically addicted to the alcohol, which is why they experience withdrawal if they suddenly stop drinking. DTs are no laughing matter, I assure you, and they can be fatal. It also has a psychological component, which is the reason why rehab centers offer counseling and why there are sobriety groups like AA to help. Alcoholism is a complicated disease for that reason. Its not as easy to deal with as just not drinking. If only it were so easy.
I like booze. Anyways, the smoking weed its fun and much safer and will make you happy
Okay, I am an addict and have been for 16 years. I have been in recovery for 4 months and I know the immediate and long term affects of many different drugs and addiction in General. I am also a Paramedic and know first hand the effects of huffing, and brain damage is the most serious consequence. Keep in mind that this can affect different areas of the brain and cause severe long and short term memory loss, convulsions, seizures, shortness of breath, dizziness, loss of consciousness, speech impediments and ultimately death. Dont be ashamed about your addiction. A very large part of our population is made up of people suffering from addiction. It is actually quite common. If you decide you want help please go to http://www.aa.org/?Media=PlayFlash. Take care.
Your physical appearance will make you seem older than you are, your spiritual appearance will be jacked up, your social appearance will make you seem like you have no friends (nobody likes an alcoholic) , and emotionally you will be jacked up later on in life.
Is there anywhere you can move out too? Grandparents? Aunts? Uncles? just tell youre parents that they arent supporting you the way they should be, good luck buddy, hope everything goes okay..
Its a good idea that you hold your boyfriend back from excessive drinking. Drinking alcohol as a regular habit is trouble. Its okay in a social setting and if one knows how to limit them self. Watch out for your boyfriend. If he gets topsy too often, break off with him if he doesnt change. You are so right about alcohol changing a persons life. They are addicted personalities and become troublesome behavior to be around in their state of drunkenness. Alcoholics repeat stories over and over, they have short attention spans, they are quick to get antsy, sometimes they become violent, they dont remember what they are doing, they pass out in public, they poison their liver, etc. If you need to know how to move on, just think about your mother. If she couldnt stop drinking for her children and herself your boyfriend will become they same way and probably be abusive to you and your children.
No an alcoholic can not have just one drink or a few drinks. It is a disease, they have an allergy to alcohol. It will destroy her and you if she doesnt get help and realize she has a serious problem. Replacing it with smoking is just a way to take a drink again. She has an addictive personality and needs help, if she is willing. If you do not want to go through the pain of living with an alcoholic and be willing to go the long hard haul, you should bail now and send her to a therapist or AA. For both of your health. Good luck.
Metallica - Cure (about alcohol addiction) Metallica - Until It Sleeps (asking for help) Metallica - Master of Puppets (about addiction in general but mostly drugs but it works with alcohol to)
That alcohol is a really dangerous thing. It is physically harmful and is very addictive. Smoking weed has been demonstrated to help ease the cravings of other addictions, and weed isnt physically harmful and it is only physiologically addictive, so it is super easy to stop that when you want to. Moral of the story is to, at least in the short run, stop alcohol and worry about weed later. I know just how dangerous alcohol can be, seeing as it tore up my mothers family. You are only in your 20s so I am guessing you arent so hopelessly addicted to alcohol that you can return to occasionally start drinking it again in the future. Remember, abuse is not the same as addiction, but is is certainly a slippery slope. However, if you are actually physically addicted, you need to go into rehab you cant do this thing by yourself.
How are you defining *better*? Safer? More high inducing? Less addictive? Less illegal?
Sex, of course yoga, fasting, exercise. there are ways to alter your brains glucose, which are the equal of such things. They just require a bit more effort than stopping at the Kwikimart on the way home. Endorphins for instance can be as addicting and pleasurable as opiates. Ask any long distance runner about a runners high, or anyone who has ever danced for hours.
Absolutely The same two questions apply to gambling as well as drugs and alcohol - and tobacco and sex, etc., etc. 1 - have you ever gambled more than you intended to? and 2 - have you ever gambled despite saying you wouldnt? If you said yes to either of these questions you may have a problem The drugs, alcohol, gambling, sex, tobacco, sniffing paint thinner - whatever, were never the problem. They are your own solution to the real problem. The real problem is YOU. You dont need a fix, you need to fix the need. The good news is that there is a solution. A solution that has worked for me and many thousands like me. The workshop videos on this site explain in great detail the problem of addiction and the solution of recovery: http://www.owlsnestrecovery.com also http://www.recoverfromaddictionnow.com
why have they turned a blind eye - same reason why they do only the minimum over smoking it is the amount that the Treasury gets from the VAT and alcohol duty. (several billion a year). They are looking at banning special offers for buying alcohol such as buy one get one half price etc. Also they have looked at banning happy hours in pubs. This will keep prices pretty much what they are and keep the money coming in. The only real way to curb it would possibly be to adopt the Swedish method. Only certain specific government owned shops are allowed to sell alcohol, with strict opening hours and a fixed price. Here these shops sell only alcohol and so they can not rely on other things to bring a profit in to keep the alcohol prices down.
Lot and Noah were drank to excess sometimes but that doesnt mean it is acceptable look what happened while they were out of it. However, in the New Testament we are told it is okay to have a little wine. They said its good for the belly but a little wine now and then is a distraction. I look forward to indulging on weekends. I know a person who is addicted to weed. I tell her "Why do you keep lighting joints?" My philosophy is if your high youre high why waste more. On the other hand poor thing shes 17 and has had a horrible life. Shes living with a 23 year old man right now who abuses her so its an escape.
so what
Of course you can have a wedding without poison. I dont know why people think they cant ever get together in a social environment without having a drink. It makes them look weak. They also look like a bunch of monkeys mimicing each other, when one grabs a drink, the others have to have one too. Yeah, its really necessary isnt it. Because some liquid in a cup is absolutely vital to having a good time. Humanity is pathetic. Bunch of drug addicts in denial.
If you have to ask--and it is a concern, then I would definitely stop for a couple of weeks and see what happens. Alcohol is a depressant, and it is addictive--by stopping it for 2 weeks you can see if you go through withdrawals. With alcoholism there is a physical and psychological addiction--and when it becomes full blown the body cannot go without it, or else the withdrawals start. So itd be better to nip this in the bud before it becomes worse. Best wishes.
either get him help of leave because you dont need the stress
People are dying now from detoxing incorrectly. Used to be you only heard of overdose deaths. You could be physically addicted to alcohol so you will need to taper down alcohol consumption. Dont do the cold turkey thing. If you taper right you wont need the alcohol. Youll want it but you wont need it. Its safer ask Amy Weinheart.
Firstly, this is more of a rant than a question. Secondly, odds are youre either one of those people that just love to be against the rules for the sake of it, or youre a drug addict. Finally, the list of side effects may be longer, but the majority are far less fatal han lets say .... Cocaine?
Join a support group to help you quit.
You cannot change anyone who does not want to be changed, the only way to predict future behavior with any degree of accuracy is to review past behavior. The best one can do is suggest rehab some time when they are most receptive and not defensive. Depression self-help for teens: http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depressi    WebMD depression health check: http://www.webmd.com/depression/default.    National Mental Health Association Hotline 800-969-NMHA (6642) Self-pity is easily the most destructive of the nonpharmaceutical narcotics<SEMCOL> it is addictive, gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality. John W. Gardner A man is but the product of his thoughts, what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven. John Milton, Paradise Lost, Chapter 1 (1667)
addiction never flies in such low quantites. 1 cigarette a day for 10 yrs isnt an addict like a 1-2 pack smoker. recreational user--->addict line. he is on the far beginning of the rec user line. alcoholics are the people who drink non stop. a fifth in the morning and a fifth at night. if they ran outof booze and cash they would chance isopropyl alcohol or even their own vomit from before. that is addiction. 2 beers a day is not. unless your friend is 6 inches tall and weighs 20 ounces...he is fine
Wow! It was like reading diary entry from when I was 15! Differences were I was never molested and my Dad didnt do weed or spice, just prescriptions. But he even did the pretending like he was dying to me, too! Whew. You need to talk to a counselor, or what I did was talk to a pastor or church leader. Find someone you trust. My dad used to puke and crap in his pants and all over the floor, too. I know it sucks BIG TIME to watch it. You HAVE to do something, believe me, youll pay for it emotionally later if you dont.
no you are not over reacting, I think he has become addicted to alcohol personally and the drinking habit you have described could be very dangerous for his health as you have foreseen quite rightly. I would start getting him to think about other things and encourage him to participate in other leisurely activities such as going out to watch a movie or anything to take his mind of it. if he really is hell bent on drinking though, Id suggest consulting with a doctor to understand how you could help him control his drinking habits Hope this helps, best of wishes!
Hun its really bad to be getting involved with all of that crap now. You have all of high school ahead of you!... Ive made some not so great decisions myself in the past 3-4 months and its gotten me in a bad place. Here are some things that could happen to you: alcohol poisoning, black outs (which Im sure youve experienced), getting caught by the cops or your parents (I couldnt tell you which is worse), having guys take advantage of you, cause brain damage, become an alcoholic or addicted to drugs (which is more likely for you since youre under the age of 15). I have both smoked weed and gotten drunk, and got caught by my parents, and almost had sex with someone... see what these things can do to you? Learn to have fun with your friends without drinking for right now, thats what Im trying to do.
Youll be fine... Especially if you are native British. Genetically, if you are, you are amongst the races with the highest ability to process alcohol effectively... This stems from the way we preserved food stuffs centuries ago compared to Asiatic states at th time. That said, David Nutt and his team were forced in 2007 to rank alcohol as the 5th most dangerous drug in the UK from empirical epidemialogical data: 5. Alcohol Subject to increasing concern from the medical profession about its damage to health. According to the ONS, there were 8,724 alcohol deaths in the UK in 2007. Other sources claim the true figure is far higher. - Street Methadone was number 4 and Ketamine number 6!!! You liver, if not suffering any other diseases will happily repair itself in 28 days.
none
I see a former addict responded. I am one as well. Nobody on here can give you the answers you need. You need a professional who will help and guide you. This is a very difficult situation, but its one weve been through and it can get better. Unfortunately, it will likely get worse before that happens. Dont wait to act on this. Time is not on your side.
I dont think its a government conspiracy, but a corporate one. If weed is legalized then more people will stop smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol and thats just bad for business.
Some people think they cant function without alcohol. That is what causes them to drink more and more. They get addicted to alcohol. I guess addiction has to do with the personality of the drinker.
Niko is wrong. Marijuana is easily the safest out of the three. Cigars and alcohol are the worst. A cigar now and then is okay, not a big deal, just dont inhale. Alcohol hurts the hell out of your liver, and causes alcoholism, and gets you to out of control. Myth: Today   s marijuana is more potent and more harmful than it was many years ago. Fact: There is no medical evidence that shows high-potency marijuana is more harmful than low-potency marijuana. Marijuana is literally one of the least toxic substances known. High-potency marijuana is actually preferable because less is of it consumed to obtain the desired effect<SEMCOL> thereby reducing the amount of smoke that enters the lungs and lowering the risk of any respiratory health hazards. Claiming that high-potency marijuana is more harmful than low-potency marijuana is like claiming wine is more harmful than beer. Myth: Smoking marijuana can cause cancer and serious lung damage. Fact: There chance of contracting cancer from smoking marijuana is minuscule. Tobacco smokers typically smoke 20+ cigarettes every day for decades, but virtually nobody smokes marijuana in the quantity and frequency required to cause cancer. A 1997 UCLA study (see page 9) concluded that even prolonged and heavy marijuana smoking causes no serious lung damage. Cancer risks from common foods (meat, salt, dairy products) far exceed any cancer risk posed by smoking marijuana. Respiratory health hazards and cancer risks can be totally eliminated by ingesting marijuana in baked foods. Myth: Marijuana contains over 400 chemicals, thus proving that marijuana is dangerous. Fact: Coffee contains 1,500 chemicals. Rat poison contains only 30 chemicals. Many vegetables contain cancer-causing chemicals. There is no correlation between the number of chemicals a substance contains and its toxicity. Prohibitionists often cite this misleading statistic to make marijuana appear dangerous. Myth: Marijuana is a gateway drug   it leads to harder drugs. Fact: The U.S. government   s own statistics show that over 75 percent of all Americans who use marijuana never use harder drugs. The gateway-drug theory is derived by using blatantly-flawed logic. Using such blatantly-flawed logic, alcohol should be considered the gateway drug because most cocaine and heroin addicts began their drug use with beer or wine   not marijuana. Myth: Marijuana is addicting. Fact: Marijuana is not physically addicting. Medical studies rank marijuana as less habit forming than caffeine. The legal drugs of tobacco (nicotine) and alcohol can be as addicting as heroin or cocaine, but marijuana is one of the least habit forming substances known. Myth: Marijuana use impairs learning ability. Fact: A 1996 U.S. government study claims that heavy marijuana use may impair learning ability. The key words are heavy use and may. This claim is based on studying people who use marijuana daily   a sample that represents less than 1 percent of all marijuana users. This study concluded: 1) Learning impairments cited were subtle, minimal, and may be temporary. In other words, there is little evidence that such learning impairments even exist. 2) Long-term memory was not affected by heavy marijuana use. 3) Casual marijuana users showed no signs of impaired learning. 4) Heavy alcohol use was cited as being more detrimental to the thought and learning process than heavy marijuana use. Myth: Marijuana is a significant cause of emergency room admissions. Fact: The U.S. government reports that marijuana-related emergency room episodes are increasing. The government counts an emergency room admission as a marijuana-related episode if the word marijuana appears anywhere in the medical record. If a patient tests positive for marijuana because he/she used marijuana several days before the incident occurred, if a drunk driver admits he/she also smoked some marijuana, or if anyone involved in the incident merely possessed marijuana, the government counts the emergency room admission as a    marijuana-related episode.    Less than 0.2% of all emergency room admissions are    marijuana related.    This so-called marijuana-causes-emergencies statistic was carefully crafted by the government to make marijuana appear dangerous.
hmm im guessing itll wear off after a while..but maybe the next time u feel the urge to drink go do something instead like play tetris or an activity that occupies your mind. i say tetris because thats what i always do to distract myself. also, if u cant see the alcohol, you wont have the urge to drink it. so keep it out of sight. good luck!
Yeah, but it doesnt seem like theyll ever realize it. I drink and yet my grades are good as always, I act respectful and polite, know what I wanna do in life, am responsible, looking diligently for a job, and I barely get in trouble. Yet, if my parents knew, they wouldnt trust me and order me to stop because they think Ill become addicted, make bad decisions, and everything will go to hell even though I am proof that its not true.
although alcohol is addictive, its not very addictive. Its not like smoking, where EVERYONE gets addicted. 99% of alcoholics are addicted because they need to self-medicate. 99% of smokers are addicted because nicotine is addictive. That is a huge distinction that people need to realize. It takes many years, sometimes decades to get addicted to alcohol. It only takes a few months to get addicted to cigarettes. To clarify even more... most alcholics need alcohol to cope with serious issues that have nothing to do with alcohol..they are sad, depressed, mentally ill, cant socialize normally with people, are immature, etc. But having said all that..once you are addicted to alcohol, its very hard to quit, and the withdrawal symptoms are very very serious. Although it takes a long time to get hooked on booze, once youre hooked, its serious business to get off it , because you can get very sick, and even die if you dont detox properly. Its best to stay the hell off alcohol, and find other ways to cope with your problems.
I lived in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, and Albuquerque, so I can tell you from experience that they are pretty much all equally bad, but in their own way. Albuquerques problem is more on the meth side. Miami / Fort Lauderdale is more opiate and cocaine related. Here in Florida, the laws make it very easy for a drug addict to get painkillers. Frighteningly easy, in fact. I dont know much about Phoenix but Ive heard it can get pretty bad.
alcohol is much worse especially if you become addicted to it alcohol is the only drug that the withdrawals can actually kill you
I tried just a little heroin once and it made me feel warm and cozy. But in the morning I dry-puked 6 times in a row. Dont get hooked. I met a former heroin addict. This guy she knew would get her high and then rape her. She was helpless with him. She told me that shed rather die than be addicted ever again. And never mind that possession of heroin is a felony.
Doesnt matter what the legal age is, a lot of teens are going to drink anyway.
Big book Lisa is absolutely right and theres little I can say to better her answer, Im just supporting it, Im a recovered alcoholic and on the 30th of this month I will have been sober and totally abstinent of alcohol for exactly five years thanks to Alcoholics Anonymous. This is after a drinking habit that has lasted fifty, yes fifty years! so if I can stop anyone can, its not a good idea though to stop suddenly like you did, it can be dangerous, you should see your doctor first and tell him what youre doing, he will prescribe you a short course of something like Librium to help your body withdraw from the effects of alcohol, he will also probably suggest vitamin B supplements as these are depleted by alcohol abuse, good luck my friend. EDIT: AA has not been taken over by Christians, its self supporting and run by its own members, while I have nothing against Christians or any other religion Im an atheist!
Youre abusing alcohol. Which can (and I believe it is now) turn into alcoholism. Whats wrong with you is that youre slowly becoming dependent on alcohol. Thats how an addiction starts (any). You first drink on occasions, when "something" happens, lets say the weekend, then you think its alright to drink in the middle of the week, then 3 times a week wont hurt, and then you find yourself needing a "shot" everyday and you dont even know when that happened. I would know, I used to take prescribed medications, some were my own prescription and some werent, I found myself abusing them everyday. The term abusing alcohol states that you present some symptoms of alcoholism but are not yet fully dependent on alcohol. If you really want to get out is this borderline cycle, you must do it with the help of a therapist. Ive lost two family member to alcoholism. They tried to recover by themselves but failed each time and went back to their habits. There is one that is still struggling with it and we dont know anything of her, havent in the past 2 years. But there is one person who recovered from alcoholism in my family. He did it with the help of a therapist, it was a long way but now he is healthier and has taken back his life. I know its hard to speak out, recently I found myself in this situation as well. Not with a substance abuse but with an eating disorder relapse. I too asked for advise here and someone gave me the comfort and motivation to speak to my therapist. You must make sure you speak deep and truthfully about it, otherwise theyre not able to help you. I hope you at least considerate. Youre welcome to email me if youd like. I dont want to sound like a creep, though. But believe it or not, I will understand. Ive had my fair share of bits of craziness. I still do. But Ive found better ways to help them now. Best wishes.
say thank you, then give it to someone else immediately.
Its polite to accept it and say thank you just as you would if someone gave you something else you didnt like. You dont have to drink it or open it right in front of them. Your troubles are none of their business so you dont have to explain anything. If youre at a party and the host keeps offering you alcohol and asks you why you arent drinking, you could just tell them that you dont drink. They dont have to know why, and theyll respect it and back off. You dont ever have to get into the real reason why you dont drink, so the same can be applied to this gift. There is no reason for them to know anything about this problem, so if you did feel like you had to refuse the gift, you can just tell them that youre not a drinker. Just give the tequila to someone else or re-gift it - just make sure you dont give it back to the person :)
Use positive substitutes. I stopped drinking at parties by taking my own soda bottle. Avoid going to parties for a while cuz social gatherings can be awkward without being buzzed. And just remember that getting drunk is for emotionally weak people who feel like they need to drink in order to be fun. You can be fun sober.
it depends on if youre addicted or not to me if you think you have or might be starting to get a problem id cut back at least its on you no one can or should tell you how to live your life hell i used to stay messed up all day everyday and now ive pretty much quit once in a while ill drink a few or smoke a little but its not a daily thing like it used to be and honestly it felt good once i quit but thats me its a judgement call on your part best of luck
If you need help quiting then there is no shame in letting your family know... You can not quit without people to support you. Trust me I tried. At 19 I had been an alcoholic for 2 years and since I felt just like you do I tried AA and an outpatient group. I did ok for a while and then all of the sudden I got drunk, then high and I was stuck in my addiction for 11 more years. I knew I needed help when i wound up in prison for a bit. Needless to say my family found out in the end. I had to go to a 1 year program to finally get to where I am at today and my family supported me 100%. Good luck.
A thorough knowledge may be had from the following detailed note on HIV/AIDS to help and to cross check if Ur statement is proved to be true or not. All Ur suspicious cant be ruled out just like that. Even if proved, nothing to worry. HIV-spreads-through 1.Sexual-promiscuity. Anal sex, Homo-sexuals, drug addicts, Tatoo process 2.congenital-route. 3. Bad hygiene @ Hospitals & Nursing Homes by reusing the contaminated needles,syringes. Transfusions by contaminated blood , using a contaminated blade, needle, syringe, saline bottles, sexual promiscuity, oral/anal sex, through congenital route from mother to the fetus, etc. HIV*/AIDS*--Blood Tests--tridot test, PCR test and Western Blot test. However, with the aid of acupressure techniques, we diagnosed several cases one year in advance to the conformation by the tests cited. In HIV the following organs are affected, 1. all endocrine glands-acu points 1 to 10---more so the thyroid-acu point no.8. 2. gonads--acu points 11 to 15 testes/penis/prostate--vagina/ovaries/ce    3. Spleen is affected in every case-acu point no.37. HIV/AIDS* symptoms*---Sudden Loss of weight, loss of stamina, debility, anemia, chronic STDs., infected gonads, chronic mouth ulcers/bleeding gums, chronic & severe pain in any organ[s], etc. The incubation period [from the date of entry of the virus--- into the human body--- to the date of developing into fully blown-out symptoms     AIDS] ranges from 2 years to 9 years and beyond. It depends upon the immunity of the affected, his/her good diet, positive thinking, hygiene, living near nature, etc. 4. Is HIV/AIDS curable? Yes. By the aid of acupressure techniques & Indian Natural Remedies thousands of HIV/AIDS, Cancer, most of other dreaded diseases were cured. 1. Acupressure Techniques ensure functioning of each and every internal organ to work up to optimum levels. All toxins & blocked energy is purged through 5-drainage systems-skin, rectum, urinary bladder, lungs and menses. 2. 2. Indian Natural Remedies ensure supply of nutrients, micro-nutrients, vitamins, trace minerals, amino acids, immune boosters to rejuvenate all the affected organs. 3. Strict diet restrictions a MUST to obtain the best and the fast remedies. 4. Perceivable Cure is possible within 45-90 days. T & C apply. PS.If satisfied/benefited with, inform others to browse    YAHOO ANSWERS    on any health issue.
many studies report that there are genetic indications that being descendant of an alcoholic may increase the tendencies to vulnerable of the disease considering that your father is an alcoholic in the disease category. by that i mean that a gene that causes him to become addicted to alcohol .there is always the chance he is an alcohol abuser,and not predisposed to alcoholism.many people abuse substances and create habitual patterns of abuse that is not related to genetics.as to whether or not his use of alcohol during the time of your mother becoming pregnant having any adverse affects on you mentally or physically,there is not a possibility that.his parenting skills while dealing with a mind under the influence of alcohol could create a poor environment for your life and cause you to suffer some problems as a result.counseling would be a great place to start.talk to someone.
If you were addicted to alcohol it can take a week or two for the withdrawal symptoms to subside. If you are not addicted, you should be feeling better in a day or two.
Cigarettes harm you (mostly). Drunks tend to drive cars, they place others at risk. Nevertheless, in some places (Canada for instance) both alcohol and cigarette advertising is banned.
Because a majority of the voters want it that way. LOL @ people citing Family Guy as a reputable source. Im not saying they are or arent correct, but you cant name a better source than a TV cartoon?
no, its not necessary to be drunk every time you drink to become an alcoholic, and it doesnt necessarily mean you cant stop drinking once you start, either. lots of alcoholics control their drinking. alcoholism is a complicated condition. at its earlier stages, it is about the relationship you have with alcohol (ie how important is it to you that you drink) and later on it certainly becomes about affected and damaged areas of life, employment, relationships, health, etc.
she is an alcoholic. i know that for a fact cause my mom is an alcoholic ad alot of things your saying about her sounds like your talking about my mum. she needs help. that much alcohol seriously f*cks your body up
Do NOT send him to AA or a 12step facilitation rehab, they often make matters worse for young people. Experimentation with alcohol and other drugs is NORMAL, the bigger deal that is made of it, the worse it often ends up. Try reading up on it: http://www2.potsdam.edu/hansondj/Underag    You do not mention how old this step-son is, but unless a person has a steady supply of alcohol which they abuse over a period of time, a person cannot become physically addicted to alcohol.
Without reading your entire post, you never help an alcoholic by being an enabler. The only thing you can do is cut relationships with them and HOPE they can find the inner strength to turn their lives around. Ill be back with an edit after I finish reading your entire post. EDIT: OK, I read your entire post. Sorry, there is nothing you can do. As you so well put it, his mother is co-dependent upon him. Unfortunately the two will feed off each other till one of them is dead. Sorry, thats the sad sad truth. I dated an alcoholic woman once, long time ago. She continued to deny her drinking even though I was able to point it out to her so clearly. In the end I realized there was nothing I could do about her drinking so I chose to end the relationship. By staying with her I was giving her NO reason to change. By leaving, there was at least a HOPE she might. Sadly, a few years after we broke up she drank herself to death. Her father told me she found suicide in a bottle. It was a sad end to her life, drunk and all alone, but if I had stuck with her then I may have become alcoholic too. The cost is just too great. So since there is nothing you can do about your situation (or your uncles) its best to just leave it alone. You may already know where it will end up, but no one is responsible for another persons life. His choices are HIS. And her choices are HERS. Im so sorry. Good luck. "(
none
That is completely fair. From experience i understand what it is like to have a girl friend who has an addiction. it hurts a lot worse to see them kill themselvs rather be bitchy towards you. my girl friend was a meth/coke/ anything she could find addict. to this day she thanks me for saving her life even though we both had to deal with a lot when she was using. We are now having a baby : )
first of all how old are you? second, this isnt something to be bragging about. You dont want to smoke, it really bad for you and its frickin expensive..
There are some ways that you can deal with alcohol cravings. Alcohol cravings tend to come on strongest when your blood sugar levels are low. When youre having a craving go fill up with a meal, that is a great way to minimize the cravings. Another way that Ive found helpful is to fill up on sugar, that can really take a craving away but the down side of that is when your blood sugar crashes later, the alcohol craving can sometimes come back. Sugar and alcohol have much of the same effect in the body except that alcohol metabolizes in the brain where as sugar does not. It is not uncommon for a former alcoholic for instance to become a sugar addict and vice versa. By the way just so you know, you dont have to be an alcoholic to take advantage of an AA meeting. I am not saying that you should or anything. Alcohol is an addictive substance and even if one is not an alcoholic, having the support of others who have had a deeper history with alcohol could be helpful. I almost went a couple of times myself after a long multi-month session of binge drinking, because I was finding it hard to shake the cravings. Anyways, ignore this paragraph if you find it offensive. All the best.
AA, rehab, get help if you think you need it.
Oh, please... Statistically, men are much worse when it comes to self medicating. And show me your stats that lead you to believe "70% of women specially white women " use anything at all. Well, besides aspirin, which can neither affect or reduce stress. And what in the world does a low paying job have to do with anything? >
the caffeine contained in tea is nothing really, its a tiny amount, it wouldnt affect u. U are simply going thru alcohol withdrawals and im sorry to tell u this, but theres nothing medically u can do or take to make it stop. It takes time. But take comfort in the fact that it wont last forever. Alcohol is a poison that the body doesnt eliminate fully. With every drink u had, that poison collected in ur body. Now its time for ur body to detox. Drink atleast 1 to 2 litres of water a day to help flush toxins out. Try and sleep as much as u can too. Theres no shame in asking a doctor for advice: whats more important to u<SEMCOL> a career or ur life? Doctors records are confidential anyway, it makes no difference. There are plenty of anonymous help sites and chatrooms u can explore too. Many ppl have successfully given up alcohol cold turkey. U can too. Best of luck. Best of luck.
Look, you obivously need something to help cope with your life. If you go to a doctor, they are going to put you on drugs, and are drugs better than beer? No. If you go to a church, they will fill you up with religious nonsense that can fill the void, but you will act like an idiot. Is that better than beer? No. The only thing better than beer in pussy, and thats only better until you marry it, and then beer is better within a few years. So my advice you be to keep drinking beer, but try to not continually increase the amount every time you drink. Its totally normal for a 21 year old dude to think about getting drunk all the time. But try not to let it completely run you life<SEMCOL> accept new opportunities to meet people, acquire drinking buddies, drink with girls, etc. Lots of people your age want to drink all the time, and a guy like you should be a party animal!
Why? If he is happy leave him alone, why stop him doing something he likes so he is miserable for the rest of his days and besides the fact that you will probably kill him by changing his life style.
Really....this is the first question of the morning....Really.....I am going with the other person who suggest it might be easier to list the ones who are not......since yahoo limits the space we have to answer questions...so here is my list of celebrities who I think are/were not addicted to drug and or alcohol......Lassie, Pete, the dog from Little Rascals, George, the gold fish from the movie Sabrina.....Maybe Joyce Meyer, Maybe that guy who starred in Fireproof, the one with all the kids......This question is truly too hard to answer
Alcoholics can change if they want to change, but hes not in that place right now. He is addicted to the alcohol and it overrides you right now. He wont change until he hits rock bottom and as long as you are around it wont happen. You might consider taping him when hes drunk so he can see it the next morning when hes sober. But I doubt that would even help. He seems to be in a very narcissistic place. Your pregnancy complicates the issue but it also is forcing you to make a decision. Terminating it is an option if you believe in that. If not you have to think about raising a child around your husband. Do you really want that? Its time to leave and not by giving him an ultimatum that you wont follow through on. He has to truly know that you really cant live like this and that you are leaving. Then you need to leave.
Everytime I give this answer I get some thumbs down. Your wife is am alcoholic plain and simple. Her religion has nothing to do with it. you need to look up Alanon in the phone book and go to meetings. It will take time to learn your role as the spouse of am alcoholic and what you need to do to protect you and your kids. Kids who grow up in alcoholic homes trend to either become an addict of some sort or marry one. Is this what you want for you our your children? Alanon is the best and cheapest counseling around (just make a donation if you can) alanon is for you because she.has.to want to change on her own. You can.t make her quit drinking, she.had to want to. Gods luck to you and.the kids.
The message is that some people care more about profiting from addictive substances than they do about the health and welfare of their potential victims, especially young people since that is the age at which most addicts become hooked. How does it affect society? Alcohol shortens lives, ruins careers, breaks up marriages, contributes to crime, generates medical costs, and raises car insurance rates for everyone. Tobacco shortens lives and generates huge medical costs.
No, because there is doctor- patient confidentiality. Same reason why drug addicts dont get arrested at rehab. Getting your stomach pumped is not fun! So be careful and dont drink more than your body can handle, preferably not at all:)
There are a lot of factors which come into play here, especially her personality, dosage, and reasons for drinking. If you are serious about her stopping, it is essential that you stop enabling her alcohol abuse by giving her money and not tracking how it is spent. The benefit of a tough-love approach is that, when done correctly, it shows that: 1. Her drinking goes beyond the destruction of her own body and psychological well-being: it is negatively affecting everyone who loves her and 2. That there will be serious, real consequences for her continued alcoholism. Consider an intervention. I cant find a statistic on them, but I would speculate that they are more successful than not at getting an addict into rehab. Finding out more about her reasons for drinking may also be of use. If she feels that her problems are so overwhelming that drinking is her only solution, addressing those problems in a more productive way may be a key to success. Treat the cause, not the symptom. In closing, I support the tough-love plan, though I dont know the situation or the statistics on its success rate. Best of luck to you.
You might think you are not craving it, but Im willing to bet that if you have been drinking like that for 2 years, if you took a day off, you will crave it. I suggest seeing a doctor.
Id call the Police, tell them whats going on & let them advise you. If you attempted to "restrain" her, she got bruised, she could turn around & accuse you of physically hurting her then youd be in trouble. Let the Police make the call on this one. Im a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic, she so badly needs detoxing & rite to a 28 day program after that. Alcohol IS a drug just like any other drug. Unfortunately its legal. Its addicting, cunning, progressive & a killer disease. PLEASE DO make sure she goes for rehabilitation tho. If you think shes bad now, it does get worse as time goes by. Id also highly suggest you go to a couple/few Alanon mtgs. I KNOW they would be of help to you. I went to both AA & Alanon as I was married to an ex who also is an alcoholic. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity! Do it for both your sakes...the very best to you...:)
Drinking alcohol has merits as well as demerits. Drinking alcohol in a very controlled way does not effect your brain. According to scientists, drinking alcohol in the following manner does not effect your brain in fact it improves your thinking power and even keeps you away from heart diseases. Male: 21 units per week ( 3 units per day ) Female: 14 units per week ( 2 units per day) note: 1 unit = 30 ml
Depends on the drug youre talking about. But really the opiates are the only ones that compare, in terms of physical addiction, with alcohol. Nobody gets "addicted" to pot for example, any more than you get "addicted" to chocolate ice cream. You can be an habitual glutton with pot, sure, but youre not going to physically sick when you stop taking it. Thats the difference between a simple habit and an actual addiction. As far as comparing the opiates and alcohol, its kind of a tossup. On the one hand, the opiates are very illegal, and using them involves all kinds of legal, financial, and physical risks that you just dont face with alcohol. People on opiates sometimes find themselves having to do actual crimes to get the money they need for their expensive drugs for example. Alcohols cheap enough to where thats generally not an issue with that substance. On the other hand, and you might find this surprising, the physical withdrawal symptoms are worse for alcohol than they are for the opiates. Opiate withdrawal is unpleasant, but alcohol withdrawal can kill you. On the whole I wouldnt really want to deal with either one. As far as them being problems, well, they arent a problem for me. Nor do I think theyre all that much of a problem for society in general. There needs to be ongoing education about them, sure. But you cant ride around on everybodys shoulders and run their lives for them, and bad things are going to happen no matter what you do.
Your father may be addicted to alcohol and have psychological/emotional problems. You are not responsible for his behavior and you cant control it. If you are not safe in your home you should probably try to figure out how to get out. Is there a safer family member you can stay with? Can you sleep over with a friend or friends often, if actually leaving home isnt an option? Are you old enough to leave on your own? Can you get into college? You may be able to speak with a school councilor to find out what your options are. You may not want to tell them that its your father as they may tell him you told on him which might cause you harm. You may want to say that you are asking on behalf of a friend who doesnt want to be known. Bottom line: you may not be safe where youre at with him.
I can give you worlds of advice, but the key here is TAKE CARE OF YOU. Anyone who lives with and helps an addict by giving them $ or laying down and accepting their lifestyle is an enabler. So dont enable him to continue by "helping" him with money. Get yourself to OPEN Narcotics Anonymous meetings and continue to go weekly or more often -- these open meetings welcome people whose lives have been affected by someone elses addiction. You will get straight answers to any questions and they dont B.S.  also has a website with good information. You cant change an addict and cant help him. Its a dysfunctional situation in which you are living with someone who is experiencing a mental defect and is emotionally unwell. Your mental health has also been affected, believe me, and i can see it in your question. Addicts and alcoholics are said to be "allergic" (easiest way to say it) to their drug of choice and so they crave it and it becomes the single most important thing in their lives.. More important than their family, their lover, their home, their job, their kids, and living well. Most addicts/alcoholics find themselves recovering only when they have reached rock bottom (there are some exceptions, but not the rule). This happens when they have left a path of destruction in their wake and have lost all of their friends and loved ones. Just because his parents and your father all do drugs and drink and one is in jail, does this make it ok? Your guy needs to admit to himself that he has a problem. He will then have to be willing to recover from his illness of addiction (no, its not easy, ask me). He will have to lose the druggy friends and find himself in the company of healthy people. He will need to attend a 12-step program and work the steps. If he does these things and follows the suggestions of a program he will recover. If not he wont. Its as simple as that. You are conflicted about forcing your guy to get help out of a needless sense of guilt. (re the jail if he is doing something illegal like selling drugs, otherwise its his business whether he wants to buy them and take them -- i dont think this is something to go to jail for). Anyway, it was never your fault that you did what you had to do as a child and called the cops on your dad... you did it because your dads behavior was affecting your emotional health. Your father had a lot of nerve being "HURT" and making you to feel you damaged the relationship with him because he was doing something to harm you as an innocent child... you are twisting this around... Your dad was in the wrong, and you were the victim. Hello??? Dont rationalize this further. You also need to realize you are in this relationship because drug users are what you know. You gravitated toward this guy because he is dysfunctional. I know all about this, too, because i was raised in an alcoholic home, and until my own recovery, my friends and lovers were all drunks. We live what we learn. I hope things work out -- and im not trying to be harsh here. I know the facts and the insane things we do to protect people who are destroying their lives with substance abuse. I am in the throws of emotional recovery even though i havent had a drink in years. I made the choice to go for self-improvement and am finally working the 12 Steps of AA. Its amazing what im learning about myself, and how my thinking has been affected all these years, even after i quit the drunken lifestyle. Recovery takes time and dedication. I hope you and your guy find yourself getting healthier. You both deserve to.
none
Addicts are usually very good at hiding their drug abuse. Chances are that if she is using drugs and alcohol youll have a hard time knowing unless she is just completed trashed off of both of those. But common indications that a person is drunk include slurred speech, delayed reaction time, in ability to remember times and dates (say you ask her when she left to, just for example, go to work and if she cannot recall that, it might indicate she is intoxicated). People who are drunk sometimes experience mood swings. They may be gone for unusual amounts of time. They tend to sleep late and neglect things like personal hygiene, changing clothes and other basic maintain things like that. As far as using pills, again, she likely takes them to feel "normal" so telling if she is high on any or not may be impossible by just looking at her. But with pills like tylenol 3, often times your pupils will shrink to a pin point. Sometimes a persons skin can become flushed or pale. They may get red eyes - though that is not universal. And like alcohol, they may exhibit impaired judgment, coordination etc etc. If she is mixing both pain killers and alcohol, the two complement each other. That means they intensify their affects when combined. So any indications that she is using should become even more obvious. If you want sure fire proof of her drug use, get her to submit to a drug test. You can test for alcohol and most prescription pain killers through any general urine analysis. Most hospitals can test for drugs. But going to a treatment center tends to be cheaper. You can also buy home testing kits that cost about $15 at most major stores.
So sorry about all this, went thru it with a family member, not anger but stealing etc. Find a tough love group, get books on though love. It is not easy by any means but your family will have to buck up and kick him out and have nothing to do with him as long as hes using. He will either die of his addiction or wake up and change but that is totally HIS decision. You cant force someone to behave the way you want them to, that is their choice and their choice alone. The police need to be involved so there is a paper trail of his behavior so when push comes to shove there is evidence of abuse. By not kicking him out you are reinforcing his behavior and he will continue as long as there are no consequences for his behavior. Going to al-anon meetings for the family is the best thing you can do so that you can learn how to support each other thru this. Pray and have a Merry Christmas as much as possible. Good luck
I think people get addicted to alcohol because they like pickling their livers. Also, alcohol produces mood swings, so those folks become addicted because they try to get these mood swings going again, but initial buzz can never be replicated as before. Anything worth trying once is worth trying again and so on. As for cream cakes and chocolate, these things have a number of chemicals in their mix that when ingested and onward, they trigger pleasure centers in the brain. There is a multiple whammy because there are sugars, fats and other mood enhancers in those foods. Lettuce has a number of opiate mimicking chemicals called lactucaria, but you have to eat a truck load to get a good buzz. The taste of lettuce is not as pleasurable as cream cakes and chocolate. Thats the trade off.
wow, at your age you shouldnt be addicted to anything but TV, cell phones/texting and games. This is a very slippery slope for someone your age. Youre still developing physically and the booze will have really bad effects on you. If you dont stop - youll be pushing up daisies by the time you hit 30. I, personally, feel you should bring this to light to your parents. Alcoholism is a disease that can/is passed by watching the behavior and via genes. If someone in your family was/is an alcoholic, youre genetically predisposed to the disease yourself. (which is what Im thinking is the case here since youre so young.) Yea, chances are that youll get some grief from your parents - but in the end it will be worth the trouble. Youll be free - able to deal with problems better and alive to watch your children or grandkids to grow up. . . I know many folks who have gone to AA or Al-anon (group for people living with alcoholics) and have had great results. Youve only been drinking a year - detox wont be as hard for you NOW if you try. If you wait 10 plus years - erasing the bad habits will be that much harder.
Its not the drug/alcohol abuse, its simply your medication, its a morphine derivative, and morphine mellows you out(to the extreme). You dont need more drugs, you need less, youre playing chemical-pinball with your body, and thats never a good thing, because it also messes up any clear vision of whats actually wrong with you. Ideally(so if you dont have a disorder, or issue that would put you in danger without medication) youd get completely clean for at least 6 months(go vegetarian, dont take any big, or small stimulants(like coffee, alcohol), take health supplements(multivitamins, noni-juice(great cleaning agent in your body), maybe a phosphor-supplement(it supports the nervous system, so you wont have that hole in your heart feeling) and so on), and work-out, doesnt have to be brutal, but you need to move, and sweat for 30 mins 4-5 times a week to clean out your body. (Its how they do a lot of miracle cures for celebs, theyll go to a clinic, but you could simply do this at home). That kind of reset will have all the levels in your body go back to their intended baseline, after which you might even feel a lot better mentally, because after a period of drug-abuse, your body could simply be confused, and pushed so far off balance(and kept off-balance) with the new medication. Like I said though, only do this if you can handle it.
none
Alcohol is addictive. But you can stop being addicted to them if you want to, because your body doesnt feel bad when you dont drink it. Drugs are a whole different thing. There are 2 types of drug addiction. Mental addiction and physical addiction. When you are physical addicted to a drug, it means for example you take some ecstasy. That makes you feel good. But after some time without taking ecstasy you feel very awful, and wont feel good again unless you take some more ecstasy. Mental addiction to drugs is when your mind/brain misses the effect of an drug ..
It sounds like youre at risk for becoming dependent on alcohol, yes. When people talk about drinking in a healthy way, its about socializing, relaxing, unwinding... not about escaping or depression. That kind of deep emotional ties with alcohol is a warning sign that its not just about having fun or letting loose every now and then.
I totally believe you when you say you had no idea. I dated my ex 2+ years before we got married and it was about 6 months into it I found out he was a pot addict. Big time shock since I didnt even believe in drinking! Unfortunately the por use and subsequent behaviour ended our marriage. The facts people deny about pot are that it is very much like alcohol. Lies to get out of the house to smoke, lies that "you never tol me we were going there", lies that "I will change" :statements like "this is what I am and live with it" all go along with addiction. I tried al anon for many years and yes it did help me to deal with his addiction. Unfortunately I found that the aspects of the addiction that impacted our marriage could not be overcome. We divorced and I felt like the biggest failure in the world. But "living well is the best revenge" and thats how I chose to live my life. I am happier now than ever before! I wish you the best of luck and heres a big hug!
What kind of culture would that be. No, because if it is accepted and is not practiced by the society of that culture then there is not alcohol-based society/culture. The fact of consume alcohol doesnt make a society or a culture alcoholic just as the use of drugs by some people dont make the whole culture a drug addict.
Neptune in Sagittarius in 6th house. Never addicted to alcohol, smoking, or drugs. I take an occasional drink with friends but I know my limits. Im anti-drug. Now, if Neptune is afflicted in 6th, a person could revert to alcohol and drug abuse. Not my case. Sagittarius in 6th tends to push people toward sports and recreation, or travel, teaching publishing. I chose sports like Martial Arts and training people which is what I do at my gym. I am health conscious so alcohol and drugs have no place for me. Aries
The thing that disturbs me is how can a 13yo girl can afford to smoke cigarettes, buy and drink beer that is worth about $50-60 a slab and can afford to buy and smoke pot! Considering all these things are illegal for a 13yo! The people who are supplying these substances to you can get in allot of trouble with the law as all these things are a criminal offence and illegal, It is also a criminal offence for you for taking substances at such a young age. 16yo: to be legal age for sex 18yo: to be legal age for alcohol, smoking no age for smoking pot, unless you have a medical condition and are prescribed pot buy a registered GP! Seek Rehab or move into womens refugee as they have a curfew, strict deadlines and so forth so that might help!
cereal? lol... i laugh but it maybe is serious. well the brain is a fragile thing the most smallest things normalto you and i can harm someone else because of there fargile mind and maybe she has an addiction to ceral because of the comfot it brings. maybe she has OCD?
Time to seek help
He sounds like an alcoholic to me. When a person has to drink every day and is begging for alcohol from others, they are out of control. The fact that he is underage, which can cause a lot of legal trouble for he and his Mom, since he is underage does not bode well either. To add to the danger in his life, it can be fatal to mix alcohol and any type of prescription drugs, such as the antidepressants he is on. This type of thing can literally kill him. I hope to God that he is not driving during all of this nonsense. You are much safer to stay away from this person, he is headed down a dangerous path. He really needs to have an intervention done, so that he can get the help that he needs.
CHECK THESE OUT :) Hospitals in Vancouver, Washington (p. 1) - Vancouver ... Email Address . Close. WA Rehab ... WA Rehab Locations by City WA Rehab Locations by Type Drug & Alcohol Rehab Facilities by ... what time is the drug and alcohol class on ... www.addictionsearch.com/...facilities/    - Cached Samsha Drug And Alcohol Rehab Programs in Vancouver ... Locate Samsha Drug And Alcohol Rehab Programs in Vancouver, Washington ... Email Address . ... WA Rehab Locations by Type Drug & Alcohol Rehab Facilities by ... www.addictionsearch.com/treatment_faci    - Cached Vancouver, Washington | Drug Rehab Find the best Vancouver, Washington drug and alcohol treatment center and the best prescription ... Washington Drug Treatment Facilities<SEMCOL> ... and email address for us to ... www.drug-rehab.org/vancouver_washingto    - Cached WUTC: Drug & Alcohol Consortium testing services Collection facilities throughout the state of Washington ... CLALLAM ONSITE/MOBIL DRUG & ALCOHOL TESTING email: ... 465-2789 Email address: ... www.wutc.wa.gov/webdocs.nsf/0/16cc0e78    - Cached Vancouver, BC drug rehab centers 1-877-254-3348 British ... Detoxification and Rehabiliation facilities in Vancouver, B.C<SEMCOL> ... Vancouver Drug and Alcohol ... You need to make sure that the rehabilitation treatment address the ... www.drugrehab.ca/vancouver.html - Cached Welcome to Lifeline Connections. (360) 397-8246 .:|:. 1-800 ... Lifeline Connections is recognized as a leading drug and alcohol treatment provider offering detoxification and rehabilitation for those suffering from the disease of ... lifelineconnections.org/new/index.shtm    - Cached drug addict - alcohol addict - alcohol rehab - drug rehab ... Vancouver, BC - Addiction ... Your Email Address: ... The society provides a course of treatment in a supported residential setting where men can recover from alcohol and drug ... www.addictionrecoverysociety.ca - Cached Vancouver, Washington - Drug Addiction Treatment - Drug ... Phone Email: Drug Addiction ... Outpatient Drug Treatment and Alcohol Rehabilitation Facilities in Vancouver, ... Right Choice Vancouver is a drug and alcohol rehab program that ... www.drugaddictiontreatment.info/Washin    - Cached SATPP | Full text | Police and public health partnerships ... ... it is clear that one small intervention cannot meaningfully address public drug use in Vancouver ... drug users in Vancouver. Drug Alcohol ... facilities for crack cocaine ... www.substanceabusepolicy.com/content/3    - Cached Sarah K. Beck, CDP, Vancouver, WA - Substance Abuse ... Separate email addresses with a comma. * To. ... alcohol, and other drug use. ... Top searched Substance Abuse Counselors / Drug Counselors near Vancouver, WA. www.healthgrades.com/provider/sarah-be    - Cached If these arent enough..Type > "Email addresses for drug alcohol facilities Vancouver?" Youll get a string of them..... CHEERS & Nice Day:)
It is really great that a sister eagerly wants to help her brother get rid of his alcoholism.Kindly stop all kinds of drugs and please switch over to natural ways of therapy.Initially it may be tough for you but believe me it works if you have the patience and the inclination to help your brother.I can read very clearly that you do want to help your brother.After stopping all the drugs make sure that he eats a proper nourishing diet.If he has gone through certain traumatic conditions,then meditation techniques are quite effective in the curing process if continued everyday.Audio tapes are quite helpful in mellowing his bruised ego which may have been hurt by somebody and which he may not want to tell the family.For initiating all this keep him away from the family for a few weeks or months so that the other members of the family are not traumatized due to his behavior. Good Luck and God Bless you.
Advantage you can earn alot money & Disadvantage yo can be a alcohol addict
Interesting question. I dont really know if one is worse than the other, so at a guess I would same they are about the same .... with the difference that alcohol is not only freely available but supermarkets ram it down our throats.
This means that u can handel 2 beers at a time as of NOW..& when u consume more than u r not mentally stable as u loose control over urself.... My advise=== 1) plz avoid ANY kind of alcoholic drinks not even beer as in long run u will get addictted to it if not today. 2) yet when u take it, drink more of water plus have salads like cucumber, beet, tomato,etc instead of any fatty stuff....it will put less load on ur LIVER & help in wash out all ur alcoholic toxins frm ur body.... 3) plz plz avoid alcohol in any form as in long run u will get addicted to it,,plz save urself...
As a father, I would like to know what my family is thinking even if I cant appreciate it in the moment. Tell him how important it is to you for him to be healthy. If hes violent, then consider professional assistance
none
Thats a good idea! I was, when being 17-18 years old, in a pretty similar position: Nothing i could do to please my parents, nothing was good enough for them - add depressions and worries about my future and i ended up drinking a whole lot more than was good for me. Until one day i realized that, if i didnt stop that at once, i would end up like my relatives( grampa alcoholic wife beater,committed suicide, grandma alcoholic husband beater ( liver cancer) and so on. So i didnt touch any alcohol for lets say 5 years - and since then i drink rather seldom - ok - i would get drunk one time or another but no problem, bc this was maybe once every 2 years. Living like that is very ok for me, i do not miss alcohol at all and if you want to get over your sorrows do not drink - it does not help at all.
I think the normal "serving size" for egg nog is half a cup, which is about 150 calories. Egg nog has a lot of fat in it, so try not to drink too much of it. 3-4 glasses may be a bit much.
Hi, this is not the first question of this kind. No-one can tell you responsibly that not taking the pill on the day you are going to have a beer will work fine. It is completely unpredictable. These drugs like Lexapro are dangerous, they are far from being safe, their efficacy is more than doubtful and above all - they are addictive. A combination of a small amount of alcohol while not taking a drug to which an organism gets sooner or later addicted - who can predict what happens? It is not responsible to say really anything. But it is more than responsible to say "do not take Lexapro". It is more dangerous than alcohol. Check the best answer here http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>    This 2 minutes long video explains the difference between diagnosis in real medicine backed up by science and psychiatry diagnosis like GAD backed up by personal opinions. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3JQ8OVHV    Psychiatry - NO SCIENCE-NO CURES (
If youre dependent on having something to feel normal, and you have withdrawal symptoms without it ("getting all stressy"), youre likely considered an addict. I hope shes not driving after these drinks. A lot of people in other countries have a glass or two of wine every night, and its OK health-wise for some people to do this. She should get her liver function tested on her next blood test just to make sure shes not doing too much damage.
Drinking alcohol once a week can reduce the risk of heart disease. Drinking literally kills you every single time you drink or smoke your brain cells and blood cells reduce by 100,000 times!
Avoid all drugs and weed and alcohol if you want to be healthy and live to a good age, if you wana die young and take that risk, go ahead and be stupid! The Grave is a cold lonely place you know! Many people get addicted to weed and that can and often does lead to stronger drug use, I know this from observing other people and it leads to no good, if you wana relax there are other ways if you care about your health, once your health goes you rarely get it back and then you gotta drag yourself through each day Oh and weed leads to mental problems too like depression and paranoia, its beyond me why people think they are smart and cool to take this stuff, when they are the total opposite (dumb and misguided fools) Avoid now that you got the mind to before its too late and it gets a grip, and my father is an alcoholic and my uncles girlfriend just died of alcohol related disease, she was in her 30s and left behind a yound daughter that will need mental treatment now. Redirect your life now if you care, All the best!
A lot of people are greedy. They know people are realizing what tobacco can do to you, but people havent totally realized the dangers of drinking. They also want money and think beer and other alcohol will give them that, and the people who buy it are either going to a party, drowning their terrible sorrows while there are people suffering more than them, addicts, and a ton more, but I guess we never really can understand the reason people dont listen to common sense.
You are in for a great time. And with time you will be able to build tolerance and double or triple these amounts. You will become a party king and the women will fall to their knees before you. The only worry is how to deal with all the women throwing themselves at you. Party on dude
Psychologically speaking, no. Alcohol is much more psychologically addictive. But physically, xanax wins. They are both pretty bad to recover from once addicted. Withdrawals from both can be severe and even kill you, and full recovery from the physical damage takes a very long time. In the end alcohol does more damage because it is easier to get, and the high is much more intense. Xanax isnt all that much fun. FWIW, the brian will develop physical dependency and addiction to xanax faster than to alcohol.
your detail info is too long, i dont want to read it, so i cant answer your question<SEMCOL> sorry, but merry new year to you
Drug abuse among teens is spreading rapidly across Illinois. Drug addiction is considered a disease, and it is in fact spreading like a virus among our children. In this essay, we will try to explain why the drug abuse problem is so serious. By drugs, we mean all the substances that have negative effects, especially on child   s health, including cigarettes and alcohol, beside over the counter drugs, prescription and illicit (street) drugs. Although not all of them has the same harmful effect, to a teenager any abuse of non-healthy substances can result in a serious development problems. Teen drug abuse is habitual misuse of substances, in order to alter teen   s emotion, mood and state of consciousness. Most teens from Illinois, who develop habit of drug abusing, eventually develop dependence, too. It is hard to resist dependence when teens use drugs on regular bases, as almost every one of them has addicting attributes. Drug addiction is even more dangerous than occasional use of drugs, of course. When a teen becomes an addict, almost nothing else matters to him, but his daily dose. Some of them even develop hard dependence that even one dose per day is not enough. When teens want to get high, they don   t waver much and will use whatever they can. If they don   t have something stronger, many of them will empty your medicine cabinet or go and buy some legal drug that will alter their psychic for a little bit. In fact, many Illinois teens actually start by abusing prescription drugs, until they get bored with them and decide to switch to illegal drugs. Teens that abuse any kind of drugs neglect everything else. From their love relationships and friends, family and house works, to school and other activities. Sadly, many even give up on sports and/or schoolwork and fail classes, as they find new joy in life. What seems to be a solution for their teen problems actually brings them more trouble, which can follow them through the rest of their life. Many teens who start with drugs, never give it up, if they don   t have the proper support from parents and don   t get treatment on time. Even if they don   t continue abusing illicit drugs, there is a great chance they will be alcoholics or smokers. Teen drug abuse results in unsecured grown-ups, both socially and economically, and brings health troubles to many people. Drug abuse and dependence costs money, so many teens are in constant need of it. They are forced to borrow money often, or lie to their parents why do they need it. Later, especially if they drop out school, they may turn to be unemployed, but still in need of drugs, so they turn to dealing drugs or other criminal activities.Biggest problems teen drug abusers get into are health troubles, of course. Drugs can affect every body part, especially lungs, liver, heart and brain. Many heart attacks and death of teens occur because of the often drug abuse or over dose. Overdose happens when teens take more quantity of drugs than what they used to or sometimes when they stumble to pure substance. We hope that this essay helped you think a little more about this destructive problem many teens and parents deal with, and that you will pay more attention to your teen   s behavior and attitude about drugs. Data from Illinois clearly say that more parent have to involve in the drug abuse prevention, for the sake of their children.
um no. Quitting cold turkey could kill you, depending on how long youve been using. It might be in your best interest to be under close medical supervision while detoxing.... Try contacting the closest ER to you and asking them how to do that. ...... good luck :(
I am an adult child of an alcoholic father--He was a functional alcoholic--and never even tried his whole life to get sober. he passed away 10 yrs ago. My suggestion to you is that there are free metings for the families of alcoholics--to learn all about alcoholism. For teenagers there is "Al-A-Teen". There is "Al-Anon" for spouses, family members, friends, etc of the alcoholic. And there is Adult Children of Alcoholic meetings (ACoA). being raised by an alcoholic has a huge iimpact on the whole family in all kinds of ways. I agree that he loves you very, very much--but he doesnt love himself. Not enough to get sober. He is an addict, and booze is his drug of choice. He has to make the decision to stop--and unless and until he makes this decision, alcohol wins the battle. As long as people keep "helping, he will never hit rock bottom. Until he hits rock bottom he will continue to drink. Physically he is addicted to the alcohol--the body builds up a tolerance and needs more and more to get that same high. This makes the addiction grow, and it gets to the point that the alcoholic will become physically very sick if they dont drink. They will get the shakes, go through withdrawal, have seizures, etc. The alcoholic HAS to detox--to physically go through detox under supervised medical care--to ward off the seizures, vomiting, chills, sweats, fever--all the side effects that occur. Then , after detox, the alcoholic needs to go to an inpatient rehab--they normally last 28 days--but there are some that last 3 months, 6 months or even longer. Then , after that--there is living in a halfway house, and attending Alcohol Anonymous meetings, 90 meetings in the fiurst 90 days out of rehab. And then 3 times a week. They learn to live ONE day at a time, free from alcohol. Eachmorning they make the promise NOT to drink for that day. Then the next day they get up and do it again. They read AA books and material, they get an AA sponsor--they change their WHOLE life. Google "AA" and Al-Anon and Al-A-Teen and a whole new world will be opened to you. I could go on for volumes--but this is the place to start. The Ala teen meetings, and Al-a-0Non meetings are NOT for the alcoholic--they are for YOU! They are there to support YOU. AA is for the alcoholic to find support. Alcoholism can screw up a persons brain, buochemically--and they can become psychotic and get alcohol delerium. Addictions are powerful and that is why professional help is a must--but the person HAS to want to change. As long as he makes excuses and has his folks to let him drink and live in their home--he has a safe place to land and wont get help. But--YOU can get help for you. Dad loves you--he doesnt love himself. he has a powerful addiction and he needs to fight it, ONE day at a time. Hang in there and take care of yourself. {{{HUGS}}}
Small amounts of alcohol such as red wine are actually beneficial to the body. I doubt any amount of cocaine is beneficial?
Alcoholism is a disease. If one of your parents is an alcoholic, your chances of becoming one increase. That does not mean that you will become one, but the possibility is greater.
Thats a good question. They both kill their users gradually. If you get addicted to both of them, its a race to see whether you die of lung cancer, or cirrhosis of the liver. Both are restricted of course. Children are not permitted to use either one. Prohibition of alcohol manufacture and sale was tried once, and resulted in such widespread lawbreaking that it had to be canceled. The lucky ones among us have never smoked, and, if we use alcohol, we do so in moderation.
You dont say how long this has been going on for but your brain has wired itself to be rewarded by intoxication. To break this cycle, you are going to have to be totally sober and clean for at least three months. Whether you can do this alone or need support is up to you. Within two weeks of sober living, your black and white world will be filled with bright colours. You will experience good emotions like joy but also bad ones that are the ones you have been seeking to suppress with chemicals all this time. Anger for instance may start flooding you. You will need help if this is scary. Within a month or two, you will learn to see these emotions as separate from you rather than who you are and will get some coping skills. Once that happens, you will find you have much more confidence. The world will become a very exciting place!
well I know you said not to mention it but the side effects of people using drugs feel good to them because it makes them forget the real world problems and situations...which later on becomes another problem when addicted to drugs and its worse than the rest of the problems you could not deal with before using drugs. Side effects of drugs are different for each but usually...hallucinations, dizziness, floating, flying, double vision, a high of energy and later depressive. Sleepy, hyper, relaxed, horny, crazy, wild, feeling free, paranoia. Therefore let me put in here the side effects...withdrawals feeling like you have the flu, sick, headaches, vomiting, fever, seizures, cold sweat, heart attack symptoms, memory loss, and finally death. Terminal illness because of drugs...lung cancer, liver problems, renal failure, HIV, sexual transmitted diseases which can kill you.
Not so much, alcohol is a big money maker for governments <SEMCOL>) Governments have no morals or hearts<SEMCOL> money comes before the health of their nation. If alcohol didnt make so much money for them, itd be banned considering the damage it does probably I guess you could say it keeps society under control in the sense that governments wont ban alcohol as to satisfy the nation who would go mad if they did. And so the people get a false feeling of satisfaction of their government and feel like theyre doing something for them Alcohol is more precious to the nation than the other drugs
dont let peer pressure wear u down, yea, addiction is a genetic thing so if i were u. id be careful. if u do drink, drink in moderation
Dear One, Your words, behavior and thinking point toward alcoholism. Do you want help? Call your closest AA meeting. Also, an inpatient rehab might be a good idea. If you decide to enter recovery, I wish you the best.
Liver technically. The liver is one of the few organs in your body that replenishes itself. The skin being the other one that I can think of at the moment. The liver deals with metabolic poisons and is damaged each and every time it has to do so. As long as the damage is slight, the liver can regenerate itself over time. This is why people can donate a liver while they are still alive. As long as there is enough undamaged liver left after the partial organ transplant, the liver will regenerate to full size in about a year. So a drink or two here or there will kill off liver cells, but they will be replaced. People who abuse alcohol are in danger of killing off too much of the liver at one time. If there is not enough healthy liver tissue, the liver shuts down and you have serious problems. The kidneys will take damage from excessive drinking, but not from casual use.
Personally, I would hardly consider the words "civilized" and "end of alcohol" to go together. While I realize that alcohol can create a great many social problems, I dont feel that I should be denied because some people are addicted or overindulge. I enjoy exploring great beers of the world, wines and spirits. And perhaps you are unaware of the lil experiment the US tried called prohibition? Not a success. Try living in Saudi Arabia ...
If what you say is true (I tend to have my doubts), then you are indeed a functioning alcoholic right now. The problem is that over time the "functioning" will slowly cease to exist and you wont be so functional. The experts give a 10 year time frame of heavy drinking before cirrhosis can form in the liver. This occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver. It is permanent damage that never goes away and only gets worse. The time frame for developing cirrhosis can vary quite a bit from one person to another. It might take less than 10 years for one person and much longer for someone else. Many factors come into play as to how long it takes and how fast it progresses. There is no cure for cirrhosis other than a transplant. All the doctors can do for it is to treat the symptoms. Once it gets to the more advanced stage, it will progress to total liver failure no matter what you do to try and stop it. Its quite common for no physical symptoms to show up until the disease and liver failure is far advanced. You go through life feeling just fine and then suddenly some symptom appears and then you find out you have advanced liver failure and its just a matter of time before it reaches total failure. The amount you are drinking would be considered heavy drinking. You paint your alcoholism as some rosy picture that doesnt affect you at all, but I have sat in my transplant clinic with lots of alcoholics trying to save their life. I had cirrhosis from an autoimmune disease and waited 18 months for my transplant. It nearly killed me. I saw the end results of those that were "functioning" at some time in their life and their rosy alcohol days were now numbered. Its a slow miserable way to die. My cousin died at 38 from alcoholism and cirrhosis. He was one of the toughest athletic marines I have ever come across and it made him a weak sick man that was just a shell of what he used to be. Not a rosy picture at all. He was just like you for many years and then things slowly started to change. It takes time for alcohol to kill, but it does kill when abused long term. I just wonder why you need to drink so much when your life is just so perfect. Why do you want to soak your brain with booze every day if you have good friends, you are doing great in school, and you are living the perfect life? Why mess it up with booze? Why do you need it? You are smart enough to research the long term effects on the human body from alcoholism, but you still drink knowing it can kill you eventually. You are not Superman and have super powers that make you different from everyone else. Strange that I have heard that from other alcoholics that they once believed they would never get sick and could easily handle the booze. I talked with quite a few that thought that at one time in their life also. They found out they are not Superman after all and now have to pay the price. All I can say is that you are still young and the choices your are making right now can affect you for the rest of your life. I would never want you for a boyfriend or husband if you drink like this all the time. As an employer, I would not want you working for me. You could never drive a car. You limit yourself in many ways. You cant have much of a life if all you do with your spare time is drink. I could think of a thousand different ways to spend your spare time other than boozing. Its just such a waste of time and money. But its your life and time and hopefully your money even though someone else may be footing the bill while you are in school. You have so much going for you if what you say is true, but you are going to end up one big loser in life if you let alcoholism control your life. It already is taking away all your spare time. If you are smart, you will recognize you have a problem even though right now you think everything is great. Get smart and learn to control your alcoholism before it gets worse and you do some real harm to your liver, kidneys, and brain. Be smart about the choices you are making right now. Good luck to you.
No one can say how long your father might live except a doctor that has done medical testing on him to find out how much damage he has done to his body due to his alcohol abuse. This is the sad reality of long term alcoholism, and he has to be the one to make changes that might save his life. Due to his long history of drinking, it is unlikely that this will happen. Maybe AlAnon can help you understand his addiction and what is the best thing for you to do to cope with this.
Alcohol was illegal during Prohibition, it didnt work and marijuana prohibition isnt working either. And I agree, I dont know a lot of stoners who decide to toke up and then drive to a bar to pick up chicks or drive to a liquor store to get more booze (more likely to lay around talking about getting motivated to try to find some women and then ordering a pizza delivery). Then there are the health effects, alcohol abuse can lead to death, liver damage, brain damage, violent behavior and missed work due to hangovers. Sure mj can cloud ones judgment, make one lazy, make one drive erratically and cause lung cancer (like cigarettes), but its probably not as bad as alcohol in the long or short run.
As much as you try to convince him, you cant convince an addict to quit unless THEY want to. He may stop for a while if you nag him enough, but he will go back eventually unless he is the one who wants to quit. Until he has reached rock bottom, and wants to quit for himself, the only thing you can really do is watch the train wreck as it unfolds. It is a terrible and painful thing to watch someone you love go through. Sadly, there isnt much you can do to help if he is perfectly content being an alcoholic. The best you can do is speak with your mother and sisters about it, and try to get them away from him. Just because he chooses to destroy himself, doesnt mean he should take anyone else down with him. Once his family has abandoned him, his friends will start wondering why. Once his friends realize how big of a problem he really has, they will leave too. And maybe at that point, when he is without friends, a family or anyone standing behind him, further supporting his alcoholism, he will have reached rock bottom and want to quit for HIMSELF. Maybe not, but a lot of times, it takes a huge wake up call to stop someone whos been a lifelong alcoholic.
i can speak of the sex part of your question. sexual addcition occurs mostly because of the mental intrigue associated with a behavior which is thought of as odd but pleasurable,. thus the contrasts intrigues the mind and the individual is caught in a web of never ending oddities of sexual pleasure. there is a solution for it of course. it is understanding clearly what is happening. understanding how the mind works, and learning how to break the mind free from those influence with some techniques. one has to practice and prefect freeing the mind. Youre fortunate to get this info which points to the solution. its for everyone. So, a. Tell others the true nature of the problem, b. point them to the solution. c. Tell them to do these three steps a b & c The true nature of the problem: various sexual presentations are filled with numerous mind altering manipulations which impact the mind very strongly. The viewer has no chance to defend against these powerful manipulations. he is delivered a very powerful mental high, which because of the sexual subject matter he experiences as a very powerful sexual high. The book reveals the mind manipulation techniques, it explains how the mind works, and details how to free the mind from their cunning deceptions. of course if the parents were sex addicts, the children could learn certain beaviors by modeling after heir parents, by being exposed to sexual infromtion, the overall attitudes about sex and sexual issues also could be learned by associating with the parent. meaning jut be being wround the parent .
Effects of Teenage Drinking The effects of teenage drinking can be quite serious. Fortunately, teenage alcohol use is on the decline. Still, it is a problem of note, with three out of four high school students reporting that they have consumed an alcoholic beverage prior to graduating high school. The most serious effects of teenage drinking is that it leads to adult dependence. The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism reports that teens who start drinking before the age of 15 are four times more likely to develop an alcohol addiction than those who do not begin drinking before the legal age of 21. Drinking and driving is another danger of teenage alcohol use. Forty percent of all alcohol-related fatal car crashes involve teens. Teens may not realize they are too impaired to drive, or they may be afraid to call home for a ride. Regardless of the reason, teens that drink often drive while under the influence. Other effects of teenage drinking include decreased inhibitions that may lead to risk-taking behaviors. Alcohol intoxication impairs the judgment and teens who are intoxicated may engage in a number of dangerous behaviors. Alcohol may also serve as a    gateway drug    into more serious drug use. Once teens have decided alcohol use is acceptable, they may feel other drugs are also okay. Impaired judgment may also lead to the experimentation with other drugs. Teen alcohol use nearly always causes poor performance in school, if the teen is using on any kind of a regular basis. Teens who use alcohol have trouble concentrating in class and on assignments. They also have difficulty with peer relationships and with relationships with teachers and other authority figures. Teen alcohol use also causes family problems. Teens who use alcohol may withdraw from the family and have difficulty with family relationships. They may demonstrate behavioural problems as well. There are also health risks involved with alcohol use. People today are well aware of the health problems caused by excessive alcohol consumption. Health problems can include stomach ulcers, liver problems, heart problems, and malnutrition. These problems generally occur in people who have been drinking over a longer period of time and are not always seen in teens, but can result as they grow older if they continue to drink. Finally, teens who use alcohol may have legal problems due to their behavior. Underage drinking is illegal, and teens who drink may engage in other illegal behaviours as well. The effects of teenage drinking is a problem that worries parents, educators, and policy makers alike. It is a far-reaching problem and affects us all directly and/or indirectly. Preventing Teenage Alcohol Use Fortunately, there are things that can be done to decrease teenage alcohol use. By simply talking to their teenagers about the use of alcohol and the effects of teenage drinking, parents can reduce the risk of their children drinking. Studies show that teens whose parents talk to them about alcohol and drugs are 42% less likely to use those substances than teens whose parents don   t discuss the issue with them. Parents can also help by setting good examples for their teens. If they drink, parents should do so responsibly, and never drive while under the influence. Most schools also provide educational programs designed to educate students about the dangers of underage drinking. Some of these programs are more effective than others. One popular program, DARE, involves local police officers coming into the schools to talk to students about drugs and alcohol. Its effectiveness has been called into question, but it is still one of the most widely used programs today.
Acetaminophen is already hard on your liver and then adding in alcohol is nuts (with your dosage). You had 5000 mg? Over how long? You should only have 650 mg every 4-6 hours. Liver damage if you keep this up. If it was just a one time thing, I think you will be okay because the liver heals itself over a period of time without any abuse to it (further alcohol use or tylenol use).
Embrace the alcohol. Let the alcohol show you the way to to redemption..............or the toilet, which ever comes first.
Yes, and yes but there are more reasons. Right before marijuana was made illegal there were fear campaigns in Newspapers by Hearst about how blacks and mexicans would go crazy on it and want to have sex with white women. Hemp was a major cash crop and it would probably hurt the timber and other industries. Marijuana has been lied about for decades and people still believe the lies and thats why it remains illegal. even in 1972 the Nixon commission on Marijuana and drug abuse stated "Neither the marijuana user nor the drug itself can be said to constitute a danger to public safety" and recommend decriminalization. But since Nixon was a crook, he ignored the findings.
Your answer is contained in the explanation. Your are an alcoholic.
Ahh, this question is SO me 2 weeks ago!! The 2nd and 3rd day were pretty rough for me<SEMCOL> I was a b*tch to everyone and -extremely- agitated and irritable. But now after 2 weeks I feel fine. I feel as though I could have ONE glass of wine and be content. Im not going to however because Ive come too far (yeah 2 weeks doesnt seem like a lot, but just wait). But man, think of it this way: your wallet, your liver, and your scale will thank you.
none
Alcoholic -by starsailor is a good example here are some others songs about drugs:http://gloriousnoise.com/2008/the_100_gr    songs about alcohol abuse:http://www.mademan.com/mm/10-best-songs-   
how cant they not? definatley they are. seek some professional help if you can.
As someone already said Alcohol has been consumed for YEARS. In fact there are even references of Jesus drinking Alcohol in the bible. lol So basically our bodies have accustomed to it in a way. Not that someone needs Alcohol to live happily or function but. Alcohol here and there doesnt always hurt. Its when its abused that it causes problems. Alcohol is temporary relief of Depression. Some people even find it better to get hungover and throw up to deal with their problems. As long as they have one good night to look forward to. And it may taste horrible at first. But the truth is everyone who begins drinking thinks that. Eventually they acquire the taste though and some people even begin to feel thirsty for Alcohol in a way. It gets to a point where the body craves it and the brain as well in order to be normal. This is where addiction sets in for what is known as an Alcoholic. A lot of young people who party with this drug "alcohol" all the time should really realize its meant to be used as a drink and not a drug. Meaning relax, take a drink, enjoy it. Dont over do it and drink to purposely get drunk. People who do this are on their way to a long hard life of Alcohol addiction. And once the brain and body remember the feeling of being drunk/buzzed. We never forget, So dont abuse it. I know I havent forgotten what its like to be under the influence of Alcohol. However. I also dont want to die 30 years young.
I last had a drink in 1984 and tasted coffee once when a kid in the 1960s. It tasted so foul I have never touched it again
Well my advice to you is to stop alcohol before it becomes a problem and dealing with problems by drinking alcohol is a sign that you are getting addicted.
8-10 shots is NOT a lightweight. If you really do drink around others that would be obvious. A lightweight is someone who is affected by 1-2 drinks. You are the oposite of a light weight. Drinking alcohol more than once every couple of months has negative health affects. So in all honesty most people who drink do it enough to the point where its affecting their future health. Over all what you have done wont cause any immediate harm to you, but long term it will. Its best to keep all drinking at a minimum if you fear future health problems. Drinking alcohol increases risks of heart disease, liver problems, and cancer risk. Most people party in their younger years, its not going to cause serious damage right away. So you shouldnt be concerned about brain damage or liver failure because you got drunk a few times. Youll be just fine. But its like smoking. It doesnt hurt you right away. Its continued abuse that causes issues. -Connor
Alcohol damage: 1)Overconsuming alcohol in a short time periods doesnt give the liver cells time to make the enzymes needed to convert the alcohol to acetaldehyde,then acetate and then to CO2 &water. Not converted, it becomes toxic to the liver cells. 2)Consuming alcohol over long time periods leadd to fat inside the liver...this causes pressure in the liver which damage the liver cells. 3)Some people are more sensitive to alcohol <SEMCOL>some allergic to it. The more sensitive a person is...the more likely liver problems 4)Taking medications with alcohol can cause such an interaction between them that it instantly damages the liver cell. ......................................    When the liver cells become damaged, the immune system of the patients body will respond to this damage & cause inflammation to develop inside the liver<SEMCOL>which causes the liver to enlarge in size. [this can be seen on an ultrasound or ct scan] Up to this point, if the alcohol is stopped and inflammation treated... then there is a chance that the liver cells may heal and the problem could be reversed. If this is not done...then it can lead to where the liver cells die off & form scar tissue inside the liver. This scar tissue will, as more cells die off, block the flow of blood to the functioning liver cells ( lack nourishment & oxygen) and they will continue to die off. This is the irreversible, progressive disease of Cirrhosis of the Liver. Stopping alcohol, then, will slow down the progression of the disease but there is no cure. Most people end up trying to be evaluated for placement on the Liver transplant list. ......................................    When they are addicted: Detoxing should be under doctors care. Doctors have medications that can help limit some of the serious side effects. The doctor may recommend going through a detox program at the hospital on an outpatient basis. ......................................    The yellowing of the whites of the eyes and skin (Jaundice) is the first true sign that the liver may be starting into liver failure. The liver cells does all the functions, that the liver does as a whole, to keep the body well. When damaged or start to die off, those functions start to deteriorate. Bilirubin is a substance {greenish/brownish} in color made from our dead red blood cells. The liver converts it into a soluble form to become part of the bile which flows to the intestines to help emulsify the fats we eat. Bilirubin going higher in the blood, causes this coloring and also the urine may appear darker yellow to deep brown. ......................................    When someone has liver disease, they can develop confusion, disorientation, sleep pattern changes, and hand tremors. The liver cannot convert toxins into non toxic forms... some of these toxins go into the brain to cause this. It is a condition known as Hepatitic Encephalopathy.....this condition mimics being drunk when the patient is not. The liver can no longer, efficiently make clotting factors to help the blood to clot. Liver patients easily bruise and bleed because of this. Fluid develops in the abdominal area {Ascites}. Because the liver can no longer make a protein, known as Albumin, which holds fluids inside our vessels. The fluid in the belly could be mistaken to be a beer belly. The doctor can tell the difference. Any blood in the sputum, vomit, or rectal area is an emergency. When a patient reaches the advanced stages of this disease, the blood cannot flow through the liver and backs up into the livers portal veins<SEMCOL> tiny other vessels known as varies<SEMCOL> and into the spleen which causes it to enlarge in size. The smaller vessels have weak spots that can balloon outward and break open. If the bleeding from the nose doesnt stop...he should be seen by the doctor right away. Best doctors: a gastroenterologist or hepatologist. Blood tests will give the doctor an idea of how well the liver cells are functioning/ how much damage may be done to them. A liver biopsy is the best test done to determine how far advanced a patient is in this disease. The best you can do is to learn about Cirrhosis of the liver and what he will be going through as far as side effects and symptoms. The more you understand about all this, the better you will be able to determine what you can do to help. Here are a few links to get you started. Best wishes http://www.medicinenet.com/cirrhosis/art    http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/cirrhos    http://www.surgery.usc.edu/divisions/hep    http://www.transplantliving.org/ For advance directives: http://www.caringinfo.org/stateaddownloa    http://www.caringinfo.org/index.cfm?
Not if its a group policy through your employer. If its an individual policy, yes they can deny you. And if you lie about it, they can cancel you for lying - and its very, very easy for them to double check.
Hope Rising, Kim Meeder When Invisible Children Sing, Chi-Cheng Huang Paper Towns, John Green
I think they are both addictions but conservatism comes from being hateful & stupid while alcoholism comes from many different reasons so I do feel sorry for innocent people who end up addicted to alcohol.
Hmm, how about repeating a bit of your main points in a rhetorical question? Instead of saying: "Alcohol gives you liver problems and can lead to death. Imagine what your family would think when youre gone. Blah, blah, blah.." It would sound reeeally good if you sound a bit forceful and aggressive at the end: "The abuse of alcohol not only leads to addiction, complete brain damage, and in inevitable liver failure<SEMCOL> it also leads to death. Do you want to be the guy to cause your family and friends so much pain and loss because you couldnt even put down your drink? Do you want to be the one whose name is last on the transplant list because you couldnt stop your addiction? No. You dont, and no one in the right mind would die for that." Then maybe throw in a percentage or something and you should have a great conclusion! Hope this helped, -Morgan :)
Dear Nothing to worry better to seek a psychologist help who may guide you the best - according to your expectations all the best
Substance use and abuse disorder are considered a psychological problem so the psychology section.
First off, how much did you use to drink? Im a recovering alcoholic myself. Been sober for 8 years. But yeah, I had the same thing. Much of it has to do with the fact that heavy drinking abuses the heck out of your kidneys. When I stopped drinking, my doctor told me that our kidneys go into overdrive in trying to make repairs to the damage done and it hurts.
NO your absolutely not the same thing happened to me and i had to go through rehab twice stop now while you can
Absolutely. Drinking a .750 of liquor daily is well beyond the scope of alcoholism and more to the side of bodily endangerment and abuse. Your liver will quickly decay and you should see an onset of cirrhosis before too long. I would recommend slowing down considerably...
Anti-Drig & Alcohol Man? You could simply call him Edge, as hes straight edge but then free runs so still lives life on the edge, how does that sound?
Alcohol is TOXIC to dogs and if your boyfriend continues to give your 6 month old Chihuahua puppy alcohol in any amount, you will end up with a dead Chihuahua. Purposely giving a dog anything that can harm it, is Animal Abuse and if anyone saw your boyfriend giving your puppy Alcohol and reports your boyfriend, then hes going to have some major legal issues to deal with and possibly go to Jail for Animal Abuse. Why did you not stop your boyfriend when you saw him giving your puppy Alcohol? Either start taking proper care of this puppy, or surrender it to your vet, so they can find it a new home that will no abuse it. I cant believe anyone would be this ignorant or this stupid. http://pethealth.petwellbeing.com/wiki/D    You need to find yourself a new boyfriend. This guy you are with is an idiot who thinks harming a dog is funny and he should not be allowed anywhere near your puppy.
dont know about africa, but heard from an american indian, that american indians have a problem metabolizing alcohol. that the white man brought it to them, and since it wasnt used before in their culture they dont have a tolerance for it. its not a racist remark
Yes! Stop drinking!!
You have got to be kidding! At least TRY to do some of the work on your own. Dont be so lazy.
Let me start off by saying that I came from an abusive alcoholic family--my dad. This is not your fault--you didnt cause this--you cant control her behaviour--nor can you cure her disease. As long as she drinks, and does not go and get help--she will be very sick. One thing to remember, as hard as it is<SEMCOL> When drunk, she is a whole other person--and dont waste any time or energy or tears arguing with a drunk. Your father is also responsible for your well-being. is he also a drunk? he needs to step up and either get you (and him) out of there--have mum go to detox and rehab. Is your dad paying the bills? Does your mum have health insurance? Someone needs to step in and get you the help and support that you not only need--but deserve. YOU have the right to live in a safe, sober, respectful, supportive and loving home---and your mums disease is standing in the way. She is sick and needs help. If she refuses to stop drinking and get help--she needs to be committed to psychiatric care or for medical detox and withdrawal from alcohol. Unfortunately there are millions of kids, just like you and me (although I am middle-aged now)--I still grew up with this dysfunction and it has affected my self-esteem. If your safety is being threatened, you can call the police. Seriously though, your dad is the responsible one and needs to step up and fix this situation. You dont have to stand there and take her abuse--screaming at you is abuse. tell her you are calling the cops--leave the house and go to a neighbors. Talk with your dad, grandmum, aunts, anyone for support and help. You say SHE doesnt trust you? Well she hasnt earned the right--she is untrustworthy and putting your health and well-being on the line. Now--please google "Al-A-Teen". This organization is for kids/teens of an alcoholic mum or dad (or both). Everyone there has an alcoholic parent--and it is a great place to learn about alcoholism, that it isnt your job to fix your mum--you didnt cause her disease--and it isnt your responsibility /ability to change her. SHE has to WANT to change. But--she is your mum and supposed to be responsible and needs to be sober. Seriously. And your dad is also legally responsible for you, and needs to step in and take over as the responsible parent. Your mum needs to go to detox/rehab/get clean and sober. Good luck to you--I know what you are going through. If dad wont do what he is supposed to--and your mum wont get help--see if you can live with an aunt and uncle--or grandmum. call the cops again--and again if necessary, if you ever feel unsafe. if you have a cell phone--keep it on your person--in a pocket, or down your shirt. be safe. Dont blame yourself--you didnt ask for this. Google "Al-A-Teen"
Friends: depending on what kind of alcohol effects the person has, they can be very unpleasant to be around. Most people will not put up with someone like this. Family: Parent went through two divorces. lied about being addicted to alcohol to both of them for years and years. Anger flows through their thoughts any time anyone who cares tries to help. they think everyone is against them. if they have a child, neglecting the child is a major issue. obviously being drunk and incapable of having coherent thoughts is a problem, but depending on how much they drink, passing out and leaving the child unattended could have disastrous consequences. it tears the family up in almost every way. Social: if they go out in public drunk, they will most likely cause a scene. you have to pray nbody calls the police. if they have a job, their employer will NO tolerate this and will most liekyl be fired. a DUI will increase costs of insurances and have a hard time finding another job. its 4am i wish i could have wrote this better
It is a real case of negative externalities both in consumption and production.production of alcohol causes pollution too.The two possible solutions suggested by economists are: 1. Coase theorem. They can negotiate by themselves for compensation without any government intervention if the property rights are secured and the cost of negotiation is not high. 2. Pigouvian taxes or regulations.Drunk driving is included.
So cute and uneducated. Marijuana has many negative effects that would increase health care costs. "Research clearly demonstrates that marijuana has the potential to cause problems in daily life or make a persons existing problems worse. In one study, heavy marijuana abusers reported that the drug impaired several important measures of life achievement, including physical and mental health, cognitive abilities, social life, and career status. Several studies associate workers marijuana smoking with increased absences, tardiness, accidents, workers compensation claims, and job turnover." **ADD: Not good enuff huh? Ill give you several more. Can you tear yourself away from the bong to read them? Do you need more because you obviously are too impaired to google it yourself. ***ADD: Last item for you - it is my problem, thanks to Obamacare - as a taxpayer - I dont want to PAY for your bad habits that lead you mental disorders, impairments that cause accidents, make you obese from your twinkies.....so no, pot shouldnt be legal. Oh - and Im glad you have other munchie type likes because twinkies are going belly up.
I have yes,my real father was an alcoholic,as well as my mother,my step dad did drugs growing up as well as the rest of my family.i can completely understand others not wanting to talk about it,so please dont feel like your alone,and if you ever need to talk you are welcome to e-mail me anytime,its liquidfoxhoundouterheaven@yahoo.com.Than    and hang in there.
you should go see a doctor this is serious. dont drink it kills off your brain cells.
charles manson thought he was jesus. explain that.
The Bible never specifically condemns either of them. There are lots of Christians who use either one or the other or both. Now, that being said, the Bible does say not to get drunk or get addicted to things. Also, God probably doesnt want people doing things like smoking that arent good for them. But the Bible doesnt say that specifically.
Well, for many of the same reasons anyone does, but it is deeper than that. Many people with bad childhoods turn to art, or sports, or music. So, say you turn to music. You still have those childhood issues under the surface. On top of that, you are coming to terms with some of these things through the music. You generally will pick a band or a type of music and it becomes your life, your hero, your escape, your surrogate parent. You begin to write lyrics and come more to terms for the reasons why you are the way you are. You need help coping with this and turn to drugs and or alcohol. If your writing and music is good enough, you go on the road. You have no friends, you sleep all day, you make no money...you drink or do drugs to cope... This process gets worse and worse and worse due to the fact that you never truly work out your issues. You are forced to act them out infront of a live audience nightly. And you self prescribe.
none
Its acceptable to who? Druggies? Smoking weed in general is not looked as acceptable unless you are the one smoking the crap. And yes it is harmful despite what you and other druggies want to think. Oh and drinking to get a buzz is considered behavior of an alcoholic.
yes... all to often
You have just described my sister. She started drinking over 30 years ago and hasnt stopped. She is able to make it to work, but has had an endless supply of men that were bad news for her and her 4 children. Now her children are grown and parents of their own. 1 is a drug addict, 1 a womanizer/ drunk, 1 is lost in life and the last one just might make it. She is now raising 6 of her grandchildren. I wonder how they will turn out. For your brothers sake he needs to be away from that kind of lifestyle. Otherwise he may also grow up and drink. Your lucky and your getting out. Now, you need to make the choice. Do you drink or not. YOu will be much more likely to be an alcoholic since your mom is. Do you want to end up like her or do you want better for yourself. Make you choice before you drink. Your old enough to know and decide now. Im sorry for your pain. I know the things that drinkers do to loved ones. Its very painful. You could turn her into child protective services. Talk to your Dad. Let your brother fend for himself. You are really powerless over a lot. I would talk to your Dad and depending on how that goes I might talk to child protective services. Yes I think your Mom is an alcoholic. Im sorry. Hang in there. Your a good sister.
Te answer is yes. Now let me tell ye about ta fish and frogs.
I, unfortunately.. and regretfully say... Yes. I wish I had the same physiological ability toward it as you do. Your viewpoint is the same as mine.. only the OPPOSITE of the spectrum. I know... it is hard to comprehend.
No that would be child abuse
Helping an Addict If you have a loved one who suffers from addiction it   s important to understand how to approach them. Usually, addicts will be defensive if confronted about substance abuse. Asking questions about health, events or situations may be helpful to begin a conversation. Then share your concerns without using the word    you    to begin the sentence. Plant concerns like seeds that need to be watered. Most addicts only seek help either when they have external consequences or are self-motivated. Be patient and continue to express concern and offer help when the addict is ready. Treatment Programs Treatment programs are usually either inpatient or outpatient drug rehab programs. In-patient the addict will stay at the drug rehab facility and outpatient treatment the addict will commute to and from treatment. Out-patient treatment is usually a step down program which happens after in-patient has been completed. Treatment programs can last 30 days up to 6 months depending on if the addict needs long term or short term care. This time can be divided between in-patient and out-patient treatments. During a treatment program addict will attend individual counseling, group counseling and educational lectures for relapse prevention. Some programs will offer family counseling. Family and Addiction Addiction is considered a family disease due to the way that everyone is affected. When a loved one suffers from addiction, he or she negatively impacts the rest of the family. Family members suffer from emotional damage such as: anxiety, fear, depression, sleep problems and anger all related to how the addict   s addiction impacts them individually and as a family unit. For example, a child of an addict will often worry about the well being of his or her parent. A child may say to themselves,    What will mom   s mood be like when I get home, I better not do anything to interrupt mom   s good mood       and so on. Even if the addict is not willing to get help, family members should seek help for themselves.
If you really need that so bad then yes you are an alcoholic! Thats it! You need to stop it asap!
yes, they should do that, and they already are doing it.
have you ever thought about getting some anger management?
Because the other things mentioned are not necessarily harmful to the body, an addiction to alcohol is.
Urine test - 2 to 3 days Blood Test - 5 days Breath - 24 hours
Theres really not that much alcohol in over the counter cough syrup, its the other ingredients youre overdosing on that are getting you high. You can kiss your liver goodbye and a good deal quicker than if you just drank alcohol. So way worse to get high off cough syrup.
See a school counselor or a doctor. You dont have to deal with this on your own. Seriously. It gets worse if you keep going the way you are, but once you tell someone, the relief will be amazing :)
Absolutely not. The only thing that helps is time. Marijuana has a half-life in your system. How long it takes to leave your system depends on how much you smoke. But the time maxes out at around 45 days. One smoking session for someone with a clean system takes about 3-4 days to be clean. Smoke 2 days later and then have to wait about a week, and so on. The time it will take roughly doubles every time you smoke until it maxes at about 45 days to be clean. So if you are maxed out and you wait about 2 weeks and then smoke again, youre basically back to 45 days. Marijuana can be detected in urine for nearly a week after smoking. Blood tests can be more accurate, and it might take a month to be totally clear. Hair tests show every drug ever taken when that hair was growing - this is why you see so many drug addicts with shaved heads or buzz cuts, by the way. Also by the way: taking laxatives and drinking wacky chemicals wont "cheat" a drug test. It will just make you go to the bathroom! These drug tests are designed by experts who anticipate what the drug user might do. Be very careful of "remedies" for getting around drug tests. They flat out do not work and could do damage to your body.
Now i aint experienced this so you can chose to ignore this if you think its wrong. Try and catch her at a sober, happy point, when you and her are having a laugh or doing something nice, and tell her you love her. Tell her your problem and ask her to do it for you. If that doesnt work, then i would tell someone, because your right. It is unfair for you to deal with this stuff, especially as your 13! Hope i was a little help :)
Maybe a short spell in jail will do him some good? It could cure him of his dependency very quickly and he might return quite a few pounds lighter and with his brain unscrambled. Die? I think not. 10 years is not that long in terms of the alcoholic populous. The ill health is caused by drinking all the booze not by not drinking it. There are thousands of people who drank greater amounts for 20,30 or more years who quit altogether often in response to some life changing event and became normal again. For some that event might be a loved one passing away, a relationship ending or a realisation that they are going to die if it does not stop. For others the reasons to quit could be more simple like the absence of supply and requiring your consciousness to focus on not dropping the soap.
If you drink to much fluids it can kill you. However, that would require massive amounts of liquids. Just stop doing it.
Being addicted to a substance can change a persons personality. It has ruined marriages and families. It is looked at as a sign of weakness and not being in control of your life. It puts other people at risk: like car accidents or mood changes where abuse may be involved. In obesity...the person may eat too much...but they may not be eatting unhealthy foods. Just eatting too much. But, there are also those who gain alot of weight because of having a thyroid problem or even being placed on certain kinds of medications. They may not be overweight at all: in certain diseases fluid can build up inside the abdominal area (Ascites)and in some: edema occurs. You probably heard about the woman who wasnt pregnant, but everyone thought she was... This is what Ascites looks like. Since no one can be sure what is really causing this size in someone else...they would not say something to prevent offending them or embarrassing them.
Like whay skore said (jk jk) help her get through it and help her to quit or talk her into abortion (im against it but her age she dont need to have a baby) also im in the same grade (js) and talk to her about it and see what shes gonna do and depends on what type of drugs if its weed it not that bad even though ur not supposed to smoke while pregnancy just help her through her situation cause she cant be alone or shes gonna loose the baby My friend was 16 btw but still Dx
Well done Tom for admitting you have an addiction. That is the first positive step to dealing with it. Like all addictions, you either need professional support, or you need to reduce your consumption gradually. Depending the type of alcohol you drink, you could either set the limit for the day and then cut 10% a day for the next 10 days, or gradually water it down (water or lemonade etc.). I suggest 10 days, but if you want to increase that its up to you, just be realistic and remember, you need to want to do it. If you have a bad day and slip back, resume your reduction the next day. But really you dont want any bad days, because otherwise your mind will think its ok to have them and really, its not. Ideally you could do with seeing your own doctor. He can check you out, take some blood tests and give you an up date on your health. He may even give you advice on stopping it. Its unlikely that youve done any permanent damage by drinking, but its better to check. The most obvious thing is liver damage, but that can repair itself if given the chance and probably needs a few years of drink before any serious damage takes hold. If you search on-line for alcohol addiction, youll find websites that may give further self help info. You may also want to check your own level of self esteem and confidence. You need if you can to determine why you started drinking in the first place. Was it stress from work, love, health, family? Finding that out and resolving that issue is likely to be of great benefit to you relying less on the drink. My late partner was an alcoholic. He died because of it. Unlike you, his addiction was stronger than his will power. It affected his entire body over a period of 12 years. He was the most handsome gregarious guy, but became a weak wizzled old man who could hardly walk, all down to the drink (Vodka and sherry and anything else he could lay his hands on). If alcoholics cannot/will not help themselves, there is little anyone can do, including the medical authorities. Hope this gives you some help. Good luck and stay focused.
No.... Alcoholics really do need to stay off drugs - all drugs - all the time. Alcoholics have quite an addictive personality, and theyll get addicted to anything. Even sugar is a really bad thing that alcoholics seem to eat a lot of - candy... Alcohol was once their source of sugar - and then they eat candy which is really hard on a body overall. Get a used copy of "Under the Influence" off Amazon - all the drunks read this thing at AA - so theres lots of used copies. This is a real good straight look at alcoholism - what it is - how it works - were it takes you. One thing he does mention in the book is that a lot of alcoholics have vitamin B problems. So this is an easy one to try - or ask the doctor about. You can get B-100 pills which will give you the entire B Complex - and take a bunch of that. I doubt if youd get hooked on it anyway, and it might help. Also for alcohol cravings, Atkins mentions using Gluatamine - its a powdered amino acid - cheapest from Puritan Pride. You take 5 grams maybe (a teaspoon) and mix it with heavy cream, and have a little drink. You can even shake a little cinnamon on top. You can get the Atkins book where he mentions this off of Amazon too - used - its a lot of fun - covers all the vitamins and minerals and aminos and fats. "Vita-Nutrient Solution". I read the covers off the first copy I got.
I myself am an Addict/Alcoholic in recovery. I would love to share my experience with how I got help. I didn   t know anything about addiction so I am always trying to help others, so they don   t have to go through the pain I have had to endure. I hope this helps you. What are the specific steps someone should take if they know of a person who is a drug addict or alcoholic? Confronting an alcoholic or drug addict can be very difficult if the person is actively drinking or using. The best time to approach someone is when they are in between benders<SEMCOL> withdrawal usually starts at this point. This is the time the alcoholic/addict feels defeat. I would suggest contacting an intervention specialist on how to get someone help who is in active addiction. These are people that know about alcoholism and addiction and know specifically how to take the steps to get them help. I know of one program that is amazing. They are called The Life Savers Club: 1-877-97-LIVES. They are FREE and confidential. Explain some of the treatment programs available to addicts. I only learned all the different treatment programs out there from - A. attending treatment multiple times myself - B. from being in recovery for sometime now. I would suggest that if you are looking for treatment programs, you should look for these specific offerings. There are many programs out there offered that do NOT follow a 12 step recovery process and do NOT offer full help for those who are suffering, resulting in more harm to the person than good. So these guidelines should help you make a safe and educated decision. - Treatment Philosophy: I would recommend a treatment program that is based on 12 steps of recovery (usually follows guides from AA,,CA,etc). They should have 12 step meetings during their time in treatment. Any program that does not offer a 12 step recovery basis is incomplete and the percentage of the person remaining sober/clean after treatment is greatly reduced. - It is best that the treatment facility have doctors and professionals on staff. This includes but is not limited to: Medical Doctors, Psychiatrists, Phycologists, Nurses, and Behavioral Technicians. All should be familiar with the disease of addiction and the best treatment centers have actual recovering addicts/alcoholics themselves on staff. - It also beneficial to have a dual diagnosis program as Alcoholics/Addicts may also be suffering from other disorders like Bi-polar, depression, anxiety, etc    - Make sure that the treatment center is licensed by the state and has accreditations that back up their services. - It is also very important to have other services offered like Aftercare programs which include PHP - Partial Hospitalization programs (Day Group therapy sessions after inpatient treatment), IOP     Intensive Outpatient Programs (Night Group therapy sessions), Halfway/Sober living housing (Apartments or houses dedicated to those just leaving treatment so that they can transition back into everyday life with a better chance to stay clean & sober). - Also check if they offer a family program. Addiction affects the entire family and help is usally needed once your loved one is checked into treatment. This gives healing to those that have been affected and will help in long term recovery for the addict/alcoholic and their family. Support is crucial, even after treatment, so you want a program that has an Alumni department which will be there for the addict/alcoholic and their family LONG after treatment. This is a life long journey and the more support you have, the better chance of success. How does an alcoholic or drug addict affect family members? Alcoholism and addiction affects families and friends (really anyone close to an addict) in so many different ways. One suggestion would be to attend Al-Anon (sister program of AA) or Nar-Anon (sister program of ). Here is a great article about how the disease of addiction can affect the family: http://family.livesinrecovery.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=4%3Afamily-disease&catid=71%3Aacceptance&Itemid=1 this is also why it is important for the treatment center to have a family program in place.
The man does have grounds to claim she raped him, because he was intoxicated and therefore unable to give consent. People also can go to court and have contracts nullified, if it can be proven they were drunk when they entered the contract. Sometimes, with contracts, they can just show a history of alcohol abuse. My understanding is that the laws are sex neutral, however, men seem less likely to seek legal action. I leave it up to you to make a judgment on why that is.
It takes many many years of alcohol abuse to cause any liver disease. The time frame can vary quite a bit from one person to another. Someone might have cirrhosis in as little as 7 years while someone else might take 30 years to develop. Many factors come into play as to how long. It depends on how much you drink, how often, how well your body handles alcohol abuse, genetics, overall health, other medical problems you might have, etc. There is no set amount or time frame that applies to everyone.
none
Use of Marijauna or other illicit drugs does happen, right up to the point you get caught and get your azz tossed out. Alcohol you can drink if you are 21 and you dont show up hungover or drunk on duty or become involved in an "Alcohol Related Incident." Any violatoins of the rules of Alcohol use or abuse see the last five words of the first sentence.
Reality is alcohol brings out the truth, it slows the inhibitors so people let their guard down, what they think when sober but are less likely to react on, they will when intoxicated. If he is binge drinking every weekend, then he is over the limit for what is considered the normal intake for a whole week. Alcohol dos not make people abusive, people who are already aggressive and have anger issues are abusive when intoxicated. The problem is underlying and what worries me is why are you putting up with it. People do not change, only you can change your life and walk away. This is what you need to say to him, i will not tolerate the way you treat me when drunk, now you either reduce the intake of alcohol, another sign that he has an alcohol problem is he can not stop consuming, like he wants one after the other. You said he only drinks on weekends are you sure about that. Now you need to tell him i care about you a lot, but i can not deal with the behavior you inflict on me while drunk, then if it continues you have to walk. I am concerned about your well being, you deserve someone who respects you at all times and he is not doing that. You need to know that your life is worth so much more, he has underlying issues. Number one. He dos not respect himself, meaning therefore he dos not respect anyone else. Children who have been abused and neglected especially boys, commonly show these traits, not all some grow up and learn from it, others drown there sorrows, they drink, and turn abusive, it is the victim turning into the abuser. The cycle continues. Alcohol can not bring out something that is not already there. Think about it. Value yourself, want better, you can not fix others, but you can choose who you get involved with. The outcome of your life depends on your choices. That is abuse and there is no excuse for abuse, even if he is drunk. When you say something mean it, he continues because you let him walk all over you, if he dos not stop you need to walk, show him no means no.
I know you said dont be mean, but I just dont understand why you are taking this so much harder than your friend, and in the end still brought up 5 points even though the issues are on a completely different scale than your yahoo answers stats. If you cant convince her to stop drinking alcohol and using drugs yourself, all you can do is inform an adult that can responsibly deal with this. Such as parent, counselor, teacher, etc.
i take it that you dont like it being illegal because you want to smoke it, well theft is illegal but some people like, murder is illegal but some people seem to get off on it, should we make these things legal because a minority wants it, lets talk facts as you seem to have a fetish for them the number of people that die each year because of violence and the cost to the state is miniscule compared to the use of illegal drugs so again why dont we make these crimes legal. THE FACT IS CANBIS IS ILLEGAL SO LIVE WITH IT perhaps next time you formulate a question dont do it while youre high!
If you look at the scientific research, and believe me I have (I took classes in college on drugs in the U.S., neuropharmacology, and took my senior writing class on "the politics of drugs" to get my degree in psychology and sociology), marijuana is safer by far. Take death rates alone. It is impossible to die from marijuana-there has not been a single recorded death due to marijuana in history (this would not count possibly driving under the influence although even U.S. government research in the 80s-88 I believe-suggested driving under the influence of marijuana was safer than driving normal, which was ofcourse safer than alcohol). Alcohol kills many people each year-from acute intoxication and alcohol poisoning to chronic diseases developed from long term, regular alcohol use/abuse. One of the sadder conditions I heard about in my neuropsychology class was alcohol induced alzheimers. Its full blown alzheimers but sets on in a few weeks to months and to people usually in their 40s to 60s. My professor who evaluates people like this described one CEO who, in a matter of weeks, didnt even know who his wife was most of the time, and he was in his late 40s. If you want "the truth" on marijuana, I suggest using a site that if you google is called PubMed. It lists scientific journal articles in a government database. Looking at these, you can read first hand science-the actual research and results rather than what others have to say. I hope this helps. Another good book to look into is The Emperor Wears No Clothes-an interesting history about marijuana.
There is a sensual part inside people that can be tempted to do all sorts of things. People who do not smoke cigarettes can see a package of cigarettes laying on the sidewalk and be tempted to open it up and light one. Our unconscious mind stores all of these temptations away and eventually expresses them in dream form. Physical and emotional pleasure are ways people cope with the crazy world we live in. Everybody has to deal with the temporary satisfaction that "forbidden fruit" brings vs learning to delay getting what we want. In the long run, obviously, patience pays off. "Good things come to those who wait," the old saying goes. I was addicted to drinking for over thirty years and my health to this day suffers because of it. Your first taste of alcohol will not be pleasant, but getting drunk is what is tempting you, which is why it "taste(s) delicious" in your dream. You are being offered a crutch. But in the end it will hurt you, especially if you start at this early age. My father drank himself into the grave. He died with stage 4 liver disease, prostrate cancer, bone cancer and brain cancer. He was a bright, fun, intelligent man who worked in research and development at Arco. But he loved pleasure and escapism. In the end there was no escape from the pain. He couldnt even form sentences and died with tears in his eyes. I loved my father so much, but I did not want to end up like that, so I quit drinking about two years ago. That was one of the better decisions I made in life. I say all this but I realize that you need something more than, "dont do it." We all need a "what should I do instead?" I hope you find more meaning to your life than video games, movies, etc etc etc. Maybe you could find a youth group and meet some kids that are trying to find a better life for themselves. I hope the best for you.
so basically your body gets easily addicted to vodka/alcohol. lucky you recognized it and you should be really proud of yourself! withdrawals suck. just as you described, its like being sick with some weird flu. and it seems like it takes forever to get better, but know that you will :) sometimes its genetics so you probably should never drink again - consider it poison. if you get the urge to, have instead some apple cider vinegar (1 part) and water (4 parts). its quite bitter. in the meantime, eat well, take a multi-vitamin at night and sleep a lot. your body will get better on its own. I hope a helped. and when you get through it, maybe youll be able to help someone else.
Your mom has a drinking problem Peter. I know its hard, but its not your problem if she doesnt want the help. I think you seek out Al-ateen to get the support you need and to be around other teens that are going throught the same thing with their loved ones. its not your fault that she drinks, its a problem she has to fix, not you.
Alcohol makes your body release Seratonin, it makes you feel good, thats why you want more. Theres nothing wrong with you.
According to the PayScale website, the average pay for Substance Abuse Counselors are anywhere from $23,987 - $50,827. You could probably earn more if you started your own firm. Depending on the state, it may be necessary to obtain a Masters degree.
Dont worry, youre not alone. You could try to gradually reduce the amount you drink over time. This is called tapering and is how I was able to get myself off a prescription drug Id become addicted to. If you dont think you can and you know youre going to need help, its okay to ask for help and get it. Addictions happen to people at all ages and thats okay. The smart thing to do is to accept you have one and get help for it. Take care of yourself.
http://www.drugs.com/diflucan.html http://www.rxlist.com/diflucan-drug.htm http://www.pfizer.com/products/rx/rx_pro    http://www.medicinenet.com/fluconazole/a    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fluconazole
i guess it could but xanax is addicting too so you might get addicted to xanax then
IN The USA: The patient has to go through an evaluation process, after those six months to be placed on the transplant list. This requires seeing many doctors, including a phychiatrist or psycologist and going through alot of medical tests. Yes, he will receive blood tests more often than he normally would. There are many different ways to determine alcohol abuse: 1)..CDT TEST FOR ALCOHOL ABUSE {CARBOHYDRATE DEFICIENT TRANSFERRIN) IS A BIOMARKER TEST: How it works: Transferrin is a protein which carries iron through the bloodstream.Normally, transferrin has 4 carbohydrate groups attached to it. In the presence of excessive alcohol, alternate versions of transferrin can be found with fewer carbohydrate groups (therefore called "carbohydrate deficient transferrin or CDT). CDT levels remain elevated for 2 to 4 weeks after abstaining from alcohol 2)GGT TEST: Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase which is a enzyme that elevated in the blood when someone uses alcohol. 3) BAC TEST: BLOOD ALCOHOL CONCENTRATION or SALIVA ALCOHOL TEST 4)FAEE HAIR ALCOHOL TEST How it works: Hair grows from the root (1 cm) per month. Deposits can be detected at 2 to 4 weeks. The distance from the hair follicle allows them to estimate the time drug abuse occurred. ( it is stable in the face of hair treatments, cosmetics and sunlight) It gives them a detailed view of drug/alcohol consumption over the past weeks or months. Consumption on a day to day basis can be detected by analyzing blood and urine samples. Since alcohol is not directly depositied in the hair, they look for direct products of ethanol metabolism.The sum of the concentratins of four of these fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE: ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate and ethyl stearate are used as indicators of alcohol consumption. 5) EtG/URINE TEST can detect alcohol in the body up to 80 hours after the last drink. However, it takes up to two hours for the alcohol to show up in the persons urine 6) Liver enzymes known as AST or ALT, the AST level is higher (almost double)than the ALT in alcoholics and combined wth the Red blood cell test: MCV is over 100. MORE TESTS : Apolipoprotein A1test. The marker is reported to be high in non-fibrotic liver disease. 7)There is a high amount of enlarged microchondria in alcoholics I do not know what tests they use to determine this...but this gives you an idea of how they can tell. I also do not known the actual process the NHS uses. All liver patients with alcohol abuse have to be under a doctors care. They have to have proof of being sober in order to be referred to the Transplant Center by their doctors for this evaluation process to begin. Some doctors place their patients in a detox center at their local hospitals. When they are placed on the Transplant list, I have been told that they have to sign documents that they will not return to the alcohol after the transplant is over...in fact, they would even go into rejection much faster if they did. Hope this info is of some help to you. Best wishes
If you can stop drinking during the week just fine I would say no. If you need to prove it to yourself dont drink one weekend, you probably do it because socializing when drinking is fun. Watch intervention dude, you can see what alcholism really looks like for comparison as well.
Because they think that s*^) is going to solve all of their problems. They become addicted when their bodies can no longer function without it. I know, I was addicted and have been sober for 11 years now. My last 3 years of drinking, I was drinking a gallon a day of Vodka and couldnt even get drunk. You thought I was acting normal. When I couldnt get it, then you saw a split personality come out, not a pleasant one either. I should have been dead, but my higher power wanted me alive for some reason.
If he was the so called best bf in the world he wouldnt be intoxicating himself with that poision (alochol)
He could get heart decease and a heart attack because beer has a lot of fat. Alcoholic beverages should be avoided. He will also dehydrate if he drinks to much out of moderation.
Maybe because alcohol, in moderation, does not get you high. Weed does.
consumption of alcohol in any form is harmful for everyone If you really love your health then you need to stop drinking RIGHT NOW
As we say here in the states, I can see where youre coming from. Beer is more social, you can do it in a pub, you can stop for a quick one on the way home from work, etc. And you make some really excellent beer/ale in your country. I still prefer pot, though. It has definite advantages. But it doesnt make you throw up. You cant get so stoned on pot that you pass out and cant remember what you did the night before. And we all know someone who has a drinking problem but nobody gets addicted and ruins their lives on pot. (Yes, some people smoke too much, but its not an addiction, its not the drugs fault). I understand the paranoia thing. Thats normal. Ive felt it myself. I used to feel it a lot more strongly but Ive sort of gotten over it.
I was married to alcoholic, same story - he hid it from me, then from social drinking to being wasted all the time + aggressive. Nothing you do can help him if he doesnt want to help himself. This is not your fault and he is making his own choices. By being drunk, he is weak but that is not your issue to handle by any means. Dont stress yourself over it, this issue was present even before he met you and there were other people in the past who were dealing with him the same way you are now. He knows the drill and how to get people feel guilty, responsible, selfish, etc. He rekindled his alcohol addiction and he knows how to deal with it if he wanted to. Best of luck.
I am very sorry you had to experience all this at your age.. You seem like a really strong girl! Heres some advice on how to deal with your moms addiction: 1 Understand the causes of alcoholism. The most common cause is depression. It doesnt happen very often that a person becomes an alcoholic without being depressed<SEMCOL> moreover, drinking does nothing but make one even more depressed. The only difference between being depressed when sober and when drunk is that people forget about themselves and can lose control of their actions when drunk. At the very least, some actions can be blamed on losing control, so the person who drinks somehow eases a burden. Its more difficult to deal with your problems when sober<SEMCOL> when youre drunk you can refuse responsibility for everything. To help a parent deal with this, encourage your parent to talk about possible reasons for the depression that fuels it. Showing compassion is not the same thing as tolerating or enabling your parent.Tell them not to stop drinking at once but you can tell them to at least decrease the amount of drinking day by day or week by week. 2 Realize that it is not your fault. Many alcoholic parents blame their children for their alcoholism. Even without having the finger pointed at you, it may feel like the fault is yours. It isnt. Your parent is the one who chooses to drink, not you. Part of the allure of alcohol is that it does allow a person to become a bit more "Teflon-coated" -- in other words, rather than taking blame on him or herself, alcohol lubricates the ability to level blame at others. 3 Let your feelings out. Get a journal and write down everything you feel. Or, if youre afraid your parent will find it, get an on-line journal and make it private. Clearing your history will help minimize the chances of getting caught. Journalling may help you put your feelings into words. Finding ways to express your feelings will help you process and deal with them, whereas bottling them up inside will simply create a pressure-cooker type situation -- and when you blow, it may be spectacular. Thats not desirable. Instead, try to deal with things in smaller, daily bits. 4 Dont depend on your parent or trust what s/he says s/he will do unless your parent has proven that you can depend on him/her. For example, if youre going out somewhere, make sure you have a backup plan in case your parent gets drunk and cant pick you up. 5 Avoid arguing with a drunk parent. A heated argument with a drunk parent is one you will rarely win. In addition, your parent may not even remember the argument the next day, though s/he might remember that they were mad at you. 6 Do things that will take your mind off of the situation at home. Go out with your friends often and have fun. Joining a sports team, reading, and drawing are also good activities that will help you escape when you need a break. There is not much you can do to control your own situation at home, so staying when you can with reliable friends who care about you will help you feel more stable and in control of your own life. 7 Try talking to your parent when s/he is sober. Sit your parent down and discuss how his/her alcoholism makes you feel. You will probably not be able to convince your parent to stop drinking completely, but you can at least encourage less drinking. 8 Do not start drinking yourself. Children of alcoholics are 3 to 4 times more likely to become alcoholics themselves. Remember everything about your parent when drunk that you do not like, and keep that in mind if youre tempted. A drink every once in awhile (if youre legal) is okay, but if you start to develop a dependency on it, you should stop. 9 Get out if your parent becomes abusive. Never tolerate abuse. You need to get out before things escalate or continue the way they are if the abuse has been happening for awhile. 10 Do not be afraid to tell someone. A best friend, school counsellor, or trusted teacher are all good choices. They wont judge you, and theyll try to help. And knowing there is someone who knows what youre going through can be very comforting if things get rough. It is a very good idea to tell a friend about your homes situation, as not only will you feel better for it, youll also have someone "on your side". Approach the friend (or the friends parents) and tell them of the severity of your parents drinking<SEMCOL> bring up the topic when the time is right. Ask if you can rely on them if you need a place to spend a night or two, should your parent get out of hand. 11 Dont be shy let your feelings out. I recommend you should try spending the night at your friends house for a few days until your ready to back to the alchoholic world (your parents drinking alchoholic). If you need answers and advice on getting your mom into treatment call 888-402-8020 (24/7) and talk with an expert. Good luck and be strong! Hailey
Lets see, there both bad. Alcohol can ruin your liver. Pills comes with a whole set of side effects. I was recently placed on a blood pressure pill that made my heart race and I almost passed out it was crazy. I thought I would die that day. So I want to find which is worst too. I think pills. The whole host of side effects. Alcohol every now and then use can be beneficial. It helps with menstrual cramps.
none
1. Kids under 18 are going to drink anyway, bring it out into the open so its safer. 2. 18 is not much older than 17. (weak point (using the same reasoning you could lower the age to 1)) 3. Might turn potential heroin addicts into alcoholics because alcohol is more available. (Kinda silly point) Point #1 is the big one.
Beckel, a recovering alcoholic,[5] has spoken openly about his past addictions to drugs and alcohol, admitting in July 2011 on The Five: "Im a recovering addict and cocaine was my drug of choice."
I would see a neurologist in your case. Your symptoms sounds neuro based and could be caused by degenerating nerve tissue as a result of alcoholism. You need a neurological workup. I wish you all the best.
A drug test is for narcotics not alcohol. They will only test for opiates, cocaine, amphetamines, marijuana and MDMA. Not alcohol. Alcohol is a legal substance. even If they did, it takes your body one hour to process one unit of alcohol, a corona is 1.5 units. So your fine. You could drink a corona and drive home. Calm down your not a drug addict. Good luck with your interview.
Drinking alcohol is the worse of course! Thats a no brainer. People are dying by the minute as a result of Tobacco and Alcohol. Nobody ever die from the use of anabolic steroids. So I go with the Steroids all the way. Steroids can be use (not abuse) safely with a good education. Im not saying its right or wrong, Im just saying its an easy answer to your question :)
David, Im a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic who also have had a couple broken marriages due to also being married to alcoholics. I got sober thru AA & also attended Alanon at the same time. I know both ends of the coin so to speak & have sponsored a few alcoholics over the yrs. I WILL HELP any & ALL I possibly can. Alcoholism is a cunning, progressive, addictive killer disease. It also is inherited. I remember far too many times walking in my door at home not remembering where I was, nor the whole drive home! Scary? Darn rite well it was!!! Ive never ever gotten a ticket either. I KNOW "Someone" was watching over me, the SAME "Someone" who helped me stop drinking!!! AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. I did things I never ever would think of doing today. I KNOW how concerned you have to be worrying about your wife. Yes, Alanon teaches "detach with love". Your wife so BADLY needs to be detoxed & should go to a 28 day program then to AA mtgs. to get & stay sober. She MUST pay for the consequences of her drinking or shell never hope to get sober. Dont be a co dependent of her drinking as thats doing nothing but "sheltering" her. I agree when shes out, you dont know where she is or if shes safe, it would NOT hurt one bit to pick up the phone, call the Police & tell them youre worried about her drinking & driving. SOMETHING/SOMEONE MUST make her be responsible for her drinking. THIS just may be what leads her to her sobriety. Think about it in ALLL seriousness & I feel youll realize it does make sense. PLEASE for your sake, DO GO to some Alanon mtgs. They are all in the same exact boat youre in. Are there to help one another & WILL also help you too. You badly need Alanon as she needs AA...You too can go to AA mtgs. along with her if she wanted you to as they have "closed" & "open" ones. You can go to the "open" ones. For her safety & the safety of others, she should NOT be driving while shes drunk. In the news not long ago, they stated alcohol kills MORE people than ALL diseases put together!!! That surprised even me, but a sobering thot nonetheless!! Wouldnt it be GREAT to have a sober wife?! Can you imagine how happy youd both be?! PLEASE please do something about it. Call the 800# for alcohol & find the next closest Alanon mtg. to you & GO. My adult Children are so happy to have their Mother. I did so much hurt to them growing up & having them worry about me as youre worrying about her. Left home when my youngest was only 13 & spent yrs. of guilt for doing that as his brother & sister were 7 & 8 yrs. older than he. Ive made amends to all my Children & they KNOW I am now here for them at all times. Please do what you KNOW you should do about your wife, please go to Alanon for both you & your wife. I PROMISE you will not regret a moment of it. Think over ALL Ive said, see if it just does all make good sense to you. Youre more than welcome to email me, put alcohol in the subject line as others have done...firebird638@yahoo.com...Ill be so glad to give away all that was given to me...I SO do wish you all the best...:)
none
thatd be discrimination...it would never work what with the alcohol lobbies and retailers like costco who thrive on liquor sales. alcoholics buy the most liquor and nobody wants to lose a customer
An alcoholic is a self harmer, but reaps some fun whilst getting there and it can be shared form of abuse. You can share your pain over a glass or two of alcohol with a friend, colleague etc., A self harmer (assuming you mean cutting, burning etc) reaps relief through pain.... it aint going to endear you to others. Alchololics and druggies are a drain on NHS and tax payer and therefore this society wrings their hands with worry. A mutilating self harmer? Well you can go over in a corner and do it and nobody would know.
Addictions run in differing levels. ME? I just had a beer the other night, a couple days ago. Before that, its probably been a year or more since my last beer. No, Im not an alcoholic, I just dont see all the love of the stuff others see. What defines an alcoholic (regardless of to what level they are) is whether they follow a set routine. I dated an alcoholic a very long time ago. She would get drunk on a regular basis. You could set your watch by it. Another thing that defines alcoholism is whether it is causing issues at home and at work. If there are issues or otherwise strife at home, chances are good the label "Alcoholic" applies to him. Again, ME, I havent been stupidly drunk since 1982. But that didnt make me an alcoholic. A true alcoholic is ruled by the bottle, not by the family, or a cute and loving daughter or son. The bottle can be more powerful than any religion, and to overcome the bottle, the victim needs to hit rock bottom before they can begin to bounce back. Sometimes that means the end of an otherwise happy family. Sorry to bear bad news, but the woman I dated so many years ago is dead. She died from alcohol poisoning. Literally, she drank herself to death. Thats so sad because otherwise she was a really wonderful woman in every way (except the drinking). When they start drinking they do it because it takes away some pain or in some other way something that they cant cope with. For Holly it was an abusive boyfriend who forced her to have sex with him. She turned to drinking because it numbed the pain. The more she got drunk the happier he was and the more he got what he wanted. He (and alcohol) ruined her life and her relationships with everyone else in her life, including me. The best thing I could have done for her was to leave her. Sadly, even that was more than she wanted to deal with, and thats why she chose the way out she did. YOU cant get your father to stop drinking because at this point even he himself cant stop. The ONLY hope MIGHT be a Family Intervention. When YOU tell him about drinking and the dangers, youre just a kid in his eyes - what can you possibly know?! So its easy to not listen. When your mother gets on him for it - shes just a nag. When others get involved - theyre just medaling in issues where they have no knowledge of what truly is going on in his life. Really, the only expert he will listen to is himself - and you can already understand that hes NOT the expert he THINKS he is. Saddest of all, I dont think there is anything anyone can do for him, except for like I mentioned, an intervention - where a bunch of people gang up on him and FORCE him to see hes become an alcoholic. I believe he is because you say he gets drunk one to two times a week, and from how you say it, I assume you mean EVERY week is the same thing. Also, he becomes abusive not only to you but to the whole family. Yeah, I see it as an issue. Holly was drunk about two or three times a week, and I always could tell because that was when she became affectionate. Without the alcohol she shut herself off from others, so even though she thought she was able to hide it - "Sorry Charlie, I can tell". Your dad DOES have a chance of getting this under control, but HE is the one who has to tame the bottle, no one else can do that for him. Im so sorry for you and your family. I hope youre ready for some rough times ahead. Sometimes alcoholics can bankrupt a family. Sad, but true. I know you are looking for hope. Well, there may be some hope in your life, but YOU will have to make YOUR OWN hope, and just hope he gets his life under control. Till then, dont go giving him MORE strife and MORE reasons to escape into the bubbles of alcohol. Make life easy for him, but not so easy it becomes easy for him to justify his drinking. He may need a butt kicking (not literally). Best wishes. "(
Sorry, but she will quit only when she wants to quit. There is nothing short of physical restraint that can make a person quit. You may suggest she go to AA or another program but the final decision is hers alone.
Pancreas: Alcohol harms the pancreas by lessening the amount of digestive enzymes that are released by the pancreas, which therefore causes inflammation and leaking of the digestive enzymes. The digestive enzymes then attack the pancreas. Gastritis: Is kinda like the same concept of pancreas in my book. Alcohol causes inflammation by leaking the digestive juice which have enzyme on it. The lining though., but for both its more like reduce it not completely be destroy by the enzyme. The lining gets destroy more quicker then it heals. Brain Damage: Long-term alcohol abuse has been shown to literally shrink the region of the brain associated with learning and memory in several brain imaging studies
Alcohol is a drug one of the side effects of which is pleasant sense of euphoria<SEMCOL>unfortunately it is basically a depressant. Drink too much of it and your automatic neural response will shut down and you will stop breathing. It is also extremely addictive: consequently if you have been drinking heavily for a long time, when you stop you begin decompensateing and go into early withdrawal: the solution to this is to pick up a drink. To be drunk becomes the new normal for the addict. And then you are truly screwed. Many people can use small doses on a regular basis or occasionally with no ill effect. But you seem rather obsessed with this subject (another symptom of the disease of addiction). If you have a problem get help sooner rather than later.
I know from personal experience that drug and alcohol abuse has led to my anxiety disorder. I dont drink anymore and I am sooo much better!
I doubt there are any, that made the charts, as they would draw heavy criticism, from to many sectors of the populace. You would have to go back to prior to Prohibition to find anything thats close to what youre looking for. So there arent going to be any, unless theyre extremely obscure songs. In which case no one is likely to know of them.
The only reason a person wants to be in the "Cure me Game" is probably because they are forced into it by some legal circumstance and cant get out of it. Or they love the attention they get and go to the sessions for that. And if being cured means no longer doing what one loves to do, well we all know where that goes. The only cure most of us want is to be left alone with our habits.
The doctor does different testing to check the liver: 1. the liver enzymes will show if there is liver cell damage. 2. the liver function tests will show how well the functions of the liver are being done by the liver cells 3. the liver viral tests will show if a virus has been using the liver cells to replicate itself. ****Some of the liver enzymes are more specific to checking to see if alcohol is used: the GGT Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase and the ALP Alkaline Phosphatase. There are so many different things they can do to test for possible addictions: ***..CDT TEST FOR ALCOHOL ABUSE {CARBOHYDRATE DEFICIENT TRANSFERRIN) IS Transferrin is a protein which carries iron through the bloodstream.Normally, transferrin has 4 carbohydrate groups attached to it. In the presence of excessive alcohol, alternate versions of transferrin can be found with fewer carbohydrate groups (therefore called "carbohydrate deficient transferrin or CDT). Cdt levels become measurable after 2 weeks of excessive alcohol consumption averaging 50 g of ethanol per day. CDT levels remain elevated for 2 to 4 weeks after abstaining from alcohol. ***BAC TEST: BLOOD ALCOHOL CONCENTRATION or SALIVA ALCOHOL TEST This doesnt measure alcohol levels over a long time period. Since alcohol is disposed of on a regular basis in the body... as the liver converts it to a non-toxic form. ***FAEE HAIR ALCOHOL TEST How it works: Hair grows from the root (1 cm) per month. Deposits can be detected at 2 to 4 weeks. The distance from the hair follicle allows them to estimate the time drug abuse occurred. ( it is stable in the face of hair treatments, cosmetics and sunlight) It gives them a detailed view of drug/alcohol consumption over the past weeks or months. *** EtG/URINE TEST can detect alcohol in the body up to 80 hours after the last drink. However, it takes up to two hours for the alcohol to show up in the persons urine ***Liver enzymes known as AST or ALT, the AST level is higher (almost double)than the ALT in alcoholics and combined wth the Red blood cell test: MCV is over 100 It depends on which testing they order, what the results may be.
In the US back in the 70s or early 80s they banned tobacco adds from TV and I believe they are not allowed to show someone smoking in any other add. They are not allowed to show people actually drinking on TV but they can still have them. Since roughly 30,000,000. Americans are alcoholic at any one time and 90% of them will die before they can get help and of that 10% who get help only 2-5 % will succeed and not die then I would call that a dangerous product. If this were to happen with any other product it would be recalled or banned. If it were an illness like the flu it would be called and epidemic. Here is my Idea. IF Tobacco advertising was banned in the 70s because it was considered unsafe they why do we still have Alcohol advertising. Then show the statistics for DUI accidents and deaths and the number of alcoholics and their death rate. Alcohol is big money. They have someone ready willing and able to squash just such a movement. The Kennedy family is or was in the Alcohol business. Old man Kennedy was a bootlegger during prohibition.
Its a psychological trigger, as a recovering alcoholic and addict (8 years clean and sober yesterday) I can at least say thats what it was for me and for many around me. A certain food, song, film, etc. triggers memories of things you used to while these things were happening. I used to listen to a lot of Mudvayne and get high. I dont listen to Mudvayne regularly anymore, but on the occasions that I do, I have reached a level of steadiness in my sobriety to be able to handle it. Do I still think about it? Sure. As an addict (I group alcohol and drugs into the same category), the temptation to relapse never goes away. The only thing that gets stronger is your will, your desire to maintain sobriety. Focus on the fact that while you may have felt that while under the influence everything was ok, the effect was fleeting, and when it had passed, nothing had changed for the positive. The first step, admitting you have a problem, is the hardest to take, and you are taking it now. The most important thing is strength and confidence in your own abilities to overcome. As far as any specific song, the only one I can recommend off the top of my head is "Life By the Drop" by Stevie Ray Vaughan. He wrote that about his own personal struggle to overcome alcoholism.
it definitely sounds like you have a problem with alcohol but the good news is you are realizing it instead of ignoring it. Try replacing the weed and alcohol with a hobby? or spend time with friends and loved ones! good luck
you got some weird answers..
You have probably already noticed that helping him get rid of his addiction isnt really helping him at all. You see he wont quit until he really pushes himself to do so. If you believe he is capable enough to get rid of his addictions and behave by himself then u should help by pushing him towards that goal. But if you believe everything you do is not helping him, then I believe being a single mother is better. I understand the absence of a father figure in a childs life. But its better then your child seeing a drunk/drugging/abusive father, you should provide a healthy and light enivornment for you child to live in. In the end the choice is yours, what ever you believe is the best for your child.
Josh has as any good alcoholic /addict destroyed that $100 million dollar nest egg. Alcoholics have that great ability to get tight and the worst moments. I know been there. Even in recovery us alki need to be kept on a very short leash. Reasons for relapse heck it was a day with a Y in it work. Josh so talented . When he is on his A game what a marvel when not an absolute train wreck. Every one deserves a chance to prove there value but be aware be on watch. Remember this from the depth of "Hell" Josh was in a few years ago this is progress. Right on he went to public bar true sign of either ego or dam I need help. Some people have traveled the path and will reach out. Not meant to be a sermon lol way off topic but that what the problem long term $100 is the destruction detour road block get help get well and amaze us with your gifts Josh.
Im sick of you pot heads saying cannabis is OK, well it isnt, it gives you brain rot, mkay.
Yes although alcohol and drugs bring quicker deaths that also means sugar related ones are most likely slow and painful.
Depends what you mean by "excessive". If you mean getting drunk to a point that you are no longer aware of what youre doing, and then up with a massive hangover with no memory whatsoever of what happened, then there is no appeal or any point. But if you mean to just get drunk, well, it feels good, it makes you relaxed and a little happier, and its addicting. Whenever I go for a few days without alcohol, its on my mind the whole entire time and I cant stop thinking about it until i get that drink. But people who get violent or turn into assholes when they drink should be banned from drinking.
Faqs= frequently asked questions. Facts = an indisputable thing, ie the sky is blue. However, a sip will do next to nothing. A sip will not cause any harm or benefit, just as smoking less than a cigarette a day will never cause anything out of the ordinary. People say to drink a glass of red wine a day. The benefits of this include reduced likelihood of heart disease, blood clots, atherosclerosis, hypertension, kidney stones, and Alzheimers. It also contains helpful antioxidants and can lower your cholesterol. The drawback is that it is high in calories (100-150 calories per glass). Scotch will not likely provide any of these benefits. And regardless what you drink, a sip a day will change nothing.
Actually, use of ANY alcohol or drug not prescribed to you (and taken per directions), at your age, constitutes abuse. Strictly speaking, you are not "addicted" unless you cannot perform your daily activities without the use of those substances. You need to find distractions that keep your mind off of drugs and alcohol. Get busy doing something.
Jaundice in person may indicate alcoholic hepatitis or alcoholic cirrhosis, the doctor should be consulted urgently. Good luck!
They dont test for synthetic cannabinoids because it is legal. That would be like saying they are gonna test you for drinking orange juice.
Im a recovered alcoholic myself and now a drug/alcohol clinic employee, alcoholics/addicts loose the ability to care about themselves, their family, job, health or the law, its a symptom of the disease. I suggest you find an Alanon/alateen meeting (depending on your age) in your area, this is an organisation like AA which I went to but was formed to help, support and advise the families of the alcoholocs, you will find people there in exactly the same position as yourself. http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/meetings/   
Girls like it when your open bro. She would still like you... You just need to focus and get back in shape. Get sleep, eat right and have a goal. Drink maybe once in a while. Be nice to your mom cuz you will be the better person. If shes really what you say she is just ignore the stuff she says and have that goal. You may go through some struggles but it will be worth it. I myself drink every once in a while with friends. Got my ups and downs but i have my goal that keeps me going wich is having a family with a good income. Joining the military and becoming a fireman its My dream. I also play football to keep me from temptations to smoke or drink. Hope anything i have said helps ha. Sorry about your loss.express yourself with the girl and having a role model helps allot.
Nope not good either it is as bad. We all know what alcohol and smoking does, but what does the computer do to you? It makes you isolated, blind, gain weight from sitting down for so long, anti social, and even delusional. Being obsessed With the computer will also harm your skin... the light from the computer is bad for your skin.. and depending on the computer system it could expose you to radiation causing brain damage. lets not talk about the mental effects it will cause you. Being addicted to the computer is in the same category of alcohol and drugs
As a person who has seen and worked with lots of addicts I can tell you that alcoholics and pot heads come in all different shapes and sizes and the nature of their disease is just as varied. Im not saying you are addicting to anything. However you seem to focus mostly on your marijuana use and it does seem to be your drug of choices. The simple answer you should walk away with is that the more often you use a drug, even in low doses, the less affect it will have on you as far as getting you high. If you reduce the amount of drugs you are taking or stop them altogether, your tollerance will go down and it will take less for you to get high. The may also be a number of other factors that could influence - other drugs, especialy medications like anti-depressants or even just basic over the counter cold medicine can affect how other drugs work on people. There can be any number of other psychological reasons too.
Honey, I am a 20+ yr. SOBER alcoholic. I so remember all the things I did to hurt others, my family, my children. I cringe at a LOT of the things I did back then. My now adult Children are SO glad to have their Mother back again. Alcoholism IS an addictive, cunning, progressive, killer disease. It DOES just keep getting worse & worse over time. If you think hes bad now, he IS only going to get worse. My ex husband also is an alcoholic & a "diagnosed" womanizer who cheated on me countless times. After being told of the womanizer diagnosis, after waiting 12 long yrs. hoping our marriage had a chance, I ACCEPTED the fact is was over. After ACCEPTING this fact, I felt like a ton of bricks rolled off my shoulders. I was finally FREE of it ALL. To make it the easiest on you, think of ALLL hes done against you, ALLL the hurt & pain hes inflicted on you. I dont know the ages of your kids, but you could tell them he has a disease called alcoholism. Give them some examples of the things alcohol has "shown" them when they KNEW he was drunk. Tell them this is the reason you MUST break up with him. Let them know its a disease that keeps getting worse & you dont want any of you getting hurt by him. This too wouldnt hurt any of your kids to know about alcoholism & what it can & does do to people. You could IF you wanted, to let them know THIS IS the reason hes in the hosp. at the moment. IF he is abusive, you could take out a Restraining Order against him when he gets better & that will at least assure you of any & all further contact from him. Let him know you no longer are going to accept the unacceptable with him & his drinking. You dont want to hear from him again at all & youre going forward with your own life. IF you want to go to an Alanon mtg. to find out anymore that WOULD help you, call the 800# for alcohol & find out where the next closest mtg. is to you & GO. They are the BEST folks you could want to meet & I know would be of help to you. I went to AA for my drinking, Alanon for my exs drinking. Ive often said AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. IF you ever want help regarding alcoholism, thats where youd find it, thats where youd get ALL the help youd need. Honey, DO break it with him, I can promise its only going to get worse unless he dies first from it!! It IS a killer disease, hopefully not taking anyone else along with them. This is all youd need to help you, your children & hopefully is just could help him too in the long run...I SO wish you all the best, honey...:) Edit: WHY doesnt ANYONE believe telling him the TRUTH just may "wake him up"?!? My daughter did this to me, SHE WAS the one who "woke me up" in a letter she wrote to me. SHE was the one who got to my guilt alcoholics are FILLED with..I too well KNOW!!!
Hey good on you for taking this step. It is not unusual for an addict to relapse. It is common and who could blame you! I am not an addict, but you could try AA and try to take yourself out of tempting situations. Its difficult though with alcahol as it is EVERYWHERE and its legal. I guess its important to have a good network of friends and family. Dont feel embarrassed. You are trying thats what is important. You will get there.
Its the lifestyle. I have a very addictive personality, but didnt notice it for the longest time. But i look back on my life & I clearly see the pattern. First, I started to drink around the age of 13 & partied hard till about 16. Thats drinking every weekend & sometimes during the week. I got sick of doing that, so I moved to smoking weed. I did that multiple times a day from the age of 15 to 17. I got sick of doing that so i moved to coke.. which I did multiple times a day from 16-17. Got sick of that n moved to ice. I did that multiple times a day until just a couple weeks ago. My point is I loved my friends that I did it with, I loved the lifestyle, I miss it. Its constant, its unpredictable, but its chaotic & stressful. Ive been trying to get clean from everything for about 6 months now, & this is the longest Ive been without any type of substance. Its harder then people imagine.
My grandfather became over 80 years old as an long term alcohol addict. He didnt wanted to be cured and it was not possible to talk with him about it. My grandma and he divorced long time ago, so he was able to continue drinking undisturbed.
Yes! Aboslutely! Many people who attent  have a dual diagnosis, that is, they have been addicted to both alcohol and drugs. And so they will understand and welcome her. I commend you on your intelligence in this matter and your friendship for this girl.
i do the same thing. i tell my self. 6 shots and your done. but by 11 im messed up. its a mind thing. MAKE YOURSELF STOP. once your drunk. you KNOW your drunk. just sit back and enjoy it. after a few hours of being drunk it will go down obviously. that is when you either a. drink more, b. say its good and wait (saving it for another time) or c go to sleep (still saving the liquor for another time)
You ARE trying to change him. You are trying to tell him that he should stop drinking, (or at least cut way back) get a job, and focus his life on something OTHER than partying and alcohol. And if he is an alcoholic (as seems to be the case) he cannot and will not change unless HE wants to change, and gets help and treatment to change. (Alcoholism is a disease.) As Dear Abby used to say, you need to decide if you are better off with him or without him. If you feel that there are still enough positives in the relationship, then you accept him for who he is, and set some VERY clear guidelines about when he can see the baby ... i.e., NOT when hes been drinking. If youre better off without him -- then leave. And see a lawyer to arrange child support, visitation guidelines, etc. EDIT: Ah, I missed the part where he is abusing you. This is a no brainer. Leave. Now. There is NOTHING in the relationship that can possibly be worth staying for. See a lawyer, get a restraining order, and take charge of your own life. (No, he would not stand a chance in court, but you need to be documenting his threats and any evidence of physical abuse.)
none
i am currently prescribed tramadol and ots supposed to be nonnarcotic, but it is. i used to be a narcotic addict so i dont take them, but if you can use occasonally without getting addicted then your a stronger man than i. i wouldnt drink on tramadol just becouse mixing is never a good idea. its cool to know that im not the only one who drinks for taste btw. i recommend not taking tramadol becaus its mab made. god made weed man made tramadol. in god i trust. if you have pain i recomend kratom, despite the hype about it being as strong as oxy all that it does to me is relax me and kill every single bit of pain in my body.
Thats not binge drinking.. Do you even know what binge drinking is? Its when you go on a binge of drinking.. i.e., drinking a lot of drinks at once. Thats not what youre doing. Though that also doesnt mean youre an alcoholic. An alcoholic is somebody who is addicted to alcohol and they feel like they cant live without it. Is this how you feel? Try testing yourself. Try to go without having those beers for at least a week and see how it goes. It could also be alcohol dependency - which is different to alcoholism. Alcohol dependency is just where you depend on it for something - since you take them before bed, maybe youre dependent on it to help you sleep. You wont know unless you test yourself by going without it for a while - a few weeks even.
no I think boredom is the least likely factor because it doesnt solve the problem - I think that the problem is far more direct that people want to get out of themselves because it is too painful being fully conscious of self and others hence dope and alcohol which both take you to a different planet - smoking is also self medicating but acts as a calming influence and also a boost to the self esteem because you have something in your hands to do whilst talking and the central nervous system is calmed down by the actions alcohol and drugs are sociable ritualistic activities but smoking is for those who are nervous of company - I know a lot of people who have owned up to their use of different self medication. delving even deeper you will find a lot of peopel addicted to cough medicine and pain medication for the same reasons.
Only he can make the decision to change, and that wont happen until he hits a crisis, whether it is medical warnings, a drunk driving charge perhaps or personal failures. It takes strong determination to conquer the addiction, and many people fail. Al-Anon groups for family members can help you to talk out your anger and share with others with the same problem. There are also Al-Ateen groups if there are adolescents involved in the situation. Personal counselling for yourself will also help you deal with the anger and the entire situation. Basically, there is nothing YOU can do - its up to HIM! (I divorced an alcoholic who wouldnt change, and left him to sink to the bottom by himself - he did, but I felt no guilt after counselling.) (Ribbit)
Alcoholism is a treatable disease. He has to want to change in order for treatment to work. When someone is addicted to alcohol they will usually require a medical detox to stop drinking. Then they should attend an addiction treatment center to work on underlying issues contributing to their alcohol abuse. Rehab works if the person is willing change and motivated for treatment. There are some government programs that you can explore for him if he is willing to go.
kick back, "your winning"... looks like charlie sheen has game.
Your best bet is to do to a detox center where they have people specially designed to deal with this. Nice language, detoxing already I see. Just like an addict, wants a quick solution<SEMCOL> doesnt want to do the work to achieve sobriety. You could easily go to a day treatment detox center.
Yep. That and they sould have to sign a death clause to where if/when they break campaine promises we can tar and feather them. Only to end up poring molten gold down their throats.
The " safe" drinker,is not the Target. At risk drinkers are. People who regularly drink too much,some of whom are just irresponsible drunks. A few will be "at risk",that is,they are,or will become Alcoholics. Most of the "at risk " group will be in denial,and will continue to drink dangerously ,saying "Im OK,its not a problem",and choose not to stop. Those that ARE alcoholics,will use the same rationalisations,but will find it extremely difficult to stop. The Price in money terms (as well as other costs) will not deter most of them. The Pricing Policy may reduce the drinking amongst Children,thats all.
*Database list of Free Rehabs*    Sunrise House/Halfway House 47 Main Street Franklin, NJ 7416 Phone: (973) 827-5489 www.sunrisehouse.org    Uriel Treatment Center 24 North 3rd Avenue Highland Park, NJ 8904 Phone: (410) 627-3067    Endeavor House 6 Broadway Keyport, NJ 7735 Phone: (732) 264-3824 www.endeavorhouse.com    Discovery Institute for (Addictive Disorders) 80 Conover Road Marlboro, NJ 7746 Phone: (732) 946-9444 www.discoverynj.org    Burlington County Drug Abuse Program (Post House) 610 Pemberton Browns Mills Road New Lisbon, NJ 8064 Phone: (609) 726-7155    CURA Inc (Adult Residential Newark) 53 Spruce Street Newark, NJ 7101 Phone: (973) 622-3570 www.curainc.org    CURA Inc (Outpatient and Residential Short Term) 61 Lincoln Park Newark, NJ 7101 Phone: (973) 622-3570 www.curainc.org    CURA Inc (Residential) 75 Lincoln Park Newark, NJ 7101 Phone: (973) 622-3570 www.curainc.org    CURA Inc (Long Term Residential) 595 County Avenue Secaucus, NJ 7094 Phone: (973) 622-3570 www.curainc.org    CURA Inc (Youth Residential) 595 County Avenue Building 2 Secaucus, NJ 7094 Phone: (973) 622-3570 www.curainc.org    Turning Point Inc 595 County Avenue Meadowview Hospital Building 9 Secaucus, NJ 7094 Phone: (973) 239-9400 www.turningpointnj.org    Rescue Mission of Trenton 98 Carroll Street P.O. Box 790 Trenton, NJ 8605 Phone: (609) 393-3533 www.rescuemissionoftrenton.org    Mrs Wilsons Halfway House 56 Mount Kemble Avenue Morristown, NJ 7960 Phone: (973) 540-1781 www.mrswilsons.org    New Hope Foundation Inc (Open Door) 2-4 New and Kirkpatrick Street New Brunswick, NJ 8901 Phone: (732) 246-4800 www.newhopefoundation.org    Straight and Narrow Inc (Adolescent Program) 396 Straight Street Paterson, NJ 7501 Phone: (973) 345-6000  6500 www.straightandnarrowinc.org    Straight and Narrow Inc (Detox Unit) 396 Straight Street Paterson, NJ 7501 Phone: (973) 345-6000  6528
You can contact with Orlando DUI lawyer. A good Orlando DUI lawyer may be just be the only way you can minimize the disturbance a DUI charge can have in your life. DUI laws have become more strict throughout the country over the past decade. Florida is no exception, as its current legal blood alcohol limit is 0.08%, down from the previous limit of 0.1%. There are also increased penalties in Florida for a blood alcohol content (BAC) over 0.15%. The first step to fighting a DUI conviction is knowing about the offense and what penalties you face.
Drinking is much worse. The person who said weed is unhealthier is misinformed. Alcohol is dangerous on many levels. It rots you from the inside out. Its also addicting and gives people courage they wouldnt have otherwise like driving drunk. I also dont know anyone who smoked a joint and went and picked a fight for no reason. Neither are good for you in large doses but Ive done both and alcohol has almost gotten me killed a coulpe of times. Anyone who says weed is more dangerous is a fool.
you can not blame the pusher for the users addiction. an addict will be an addict. they have a chemical imbalance that causes them to not have a stop to their use. a normal person can have a couple of drinks were an alcoholic will drink till the end of they pass out. same with a drug user. an addict cant stop but and a recreational user can and just will do it now and then.
Substance abuse/non plant/animal alcohol- Isopropyl alcohol, not good for you at all... but some people sniff it, and occasionally drink small amounts. True alcohols being organically derived cannot be made from non-organic so no plants and no animals=no alcohol.
I don   t think you likely are an alcoholic now, but you do have the potential to be. Like one of the above posters mentioned, if you are using alcohol as a way to avoid situations or to solve/deal with things than you do have a very strong potential to become an alcoholic sooner rather than later. Please know though that having an addictive personality is not a character flaw. It doesn   t mean you are a bad person or weak or anything like that. As you   ve unfortunately seen with your Mother and your Grandfather, alcohol addiction can become a very destructive disease. One that doesn   t just destroy the life of the alcoholic but also deeply hurts the people around them. And truth be told, more people have addictive streaks than people who do not. You see plenty of people who escape reality by overeating, playing too many video games, gambling ect. Personality, I have the potential to overuse marijuana (which I love) but I have had to accept that a little bit will quickly escalate into a lot. So as much as I love it, I won   t do it. It   s possible because alcoholism runs in your family, that you may have a genetic predisposition towards alcohol abuse. This is because alcohol might affect you differently than other people, making it harder for you to stop. But the good news is :) you are obviously intelligent and self-aware and so you can make the choice not to let alcohol rule your life. You   ve seen the effects it can have on your grandfather and mother and of course you don   t want that life for yourself. And you know what (and I sorry this is so sad) but neither your Mother nor your Grandfather would have chosen a life of addiction for themselves either. The difference between you and them is that you know what a life of alcohol abuse will lead to and you absolutely deserve a better life that that. My advice is to find another less destructive outlet for your stress. Personally meditation works for me. But perhaps chilling out and playing videos games might work for you. Or exercising. Or cooking yummy dishes. Maybe get a dog or a cat or volunteer somewhere. If you like working with your hands --- you could teach yourself how to build things. Or take classes that interest you. Maybe learn a language. Or take the money you would spend on alcohol and use it to go on vacation or buy something that you will enjoy. Or you if you prefer, take the money that you would spend on alcohol and use it to do something really nice for your community or for someone you care about. No matter what you decide to do, what   s important is to find something that will take you away from whatever is stressing you out. And this way when you find yourself in difficult situations --- you   ll be able to handle them better --- because you know that there   s something good to look forward to at the end of your day. Lastly, remember you really aren   t alone. And if you find that quitting alcohol is too difficult or that life in general is becoming too stressful than talk to your Doctor or a Counsellor and see what he/she might be able to do for you. I hope this helps and I wish you the very best! :)
7 Symptoms of Alcohol Dependence: -Neglect of other Activities: Important social, occupational, or recreational activities are given up or reduced because of alcohol use<SEMCOL> -Excessive Use: Alcohol is consumed in larger amounts over a longer period than intended<SEMCOL> -Impaired control: Ongoing, unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control alcohol consumption<SEMCOL> -Persistence of Use: Alcohol consumption is continued despite knowledge of having a persistent or recurrent physical or psychological problem that is likely caused or exacerbated by alcohol<SEMCOL> -Large Amounts of Time Spent in Alcohol Related Activities: A great deal of time is spent in activities necessary to obtain, use or recover from the effects of alcohol<SEMCOL> -Withdrawal: Withdrawal symptoms, such as nausea, sweating, shakiness, and anxiety when alcohol use is stopped after a period of heavy drinking<SEMCOL> -Tolerance: The need for increasing amounts of alcohol in order to feel its effects. If you cannot live without it for 30 days, chances are you are addicted to it. The phrase "alot of the nights like tonight, Ill just chill out with a 6 pack and drink it by myself", makes me think that you may be becoming an alcoholic.
Well, I wouldnt necessarily say "addicted" yet, from your description. I was an active addict for 20+ years, have gone to countless Alcoholics Anonymous(AA) meetings & Narcotic Anonymous() meetings, and I would say that youre DEFINITELY on the path to addiction tho !!! And Id also suggest ya "nip this in the bud" before it gets ANY worse, or progresses to other substances! There are serious side effects associated with just about ANY too much of ANYTHING, especially in the case of alcohol and/or drugs. As I said previously, I was active in drug/alcohol use, i.e. an addict, for OVER 20 yrs. nearly DIED from it on several occasions, so Im NOT just trying to B.S. you !!! And my suggestion to YOU is, contact your local AA or , get more info about this, and tell them what youre experiencing. Because the longer ya ignore it, the WORSE itll get !!! And its GOOD, ya realized it now, before it advanced to anything else! And it would have or WILL advance to other things, possibly worse, if ya dont do something! And if youd like to contact me, about more info, write me at: TheeRaunchyMann@yahoo.com But if ya have concerns about it, which ya DO since ya asked this question here, then DO SOMETHING about it !!! DONT let yourself become a 20+ yr. addict, like I did !!! OH, & Ive been clean & sober for just over 10 yrs. now, thanks to my latest near-death experience (which left me disabled)!!! ~ Thee Raunchy Mann ~
Yes. It is a great idea. If you are speaking with teenagers (Which I am 17) use examples like Tupac, Biggie Smalls, Elvis, Whitney Houston, Randy Travis, Heath Ledger, Steven Tyler(Aerosmith), Marilyn Monroe, Anna Nicole Smith, Amy Winehouse, Kurt Cobain, Brittany Murphy, George Jones, and Jimi Hendrix off the top of my head. I would even say lil wayne and TI were both imprisoned. I would show pictures and list movies/play songs they may know from these famous people. Some of these people have videos on line and speeches about what they did wrong. I would check. I would also mention if you are having a problem you can over come it and dont give up. I would show this video about not giving up fighting: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuoVM9nm4   
nah i dont think so dont do drugs ads only work on young children and dont really do anything for teens an older ppl
Yes, there is.
Some drugs trigger pleasure portions of the brain, but not in a good way: 1) Are you aware that drugs (prescribed or illegal) and alcohol (toxic substances) achieve their intoxication effects through altering brain function chemically? 2) Are you aware that the human brain is not    fully wired    until the early to mid 20s? 3) Are you aware that the artificial manipulation of a developing brain may have permanent effects on neural connections? (see Chaos Theory for review of major effects associated with minor variations)    EEG studies show that very long duration marihuana exposure might be associated with slowed cognitive processing.    Source: (http://www.psychotropics.dk/usr_view_mol       A slight change in the balance of brain chemistry can cause large changes in behavior.     Substance abuse and exposure to a variety of toxins can damage the brain, modifying intelligence, aggression, and decision-making abilities    (Eagleman, p. 157). The four major classes of abused toxins (alcohol, nicotine, psychostimulants, and opiates) microscopically plug into the reward systems of the brain, causing the circuits to be    hijacked    and enslaved (pages 204-205). These toxins artificially stimulate    the mesolimbic dopamine system (and) have self-reinforcing effects, and users (as a worst-case scenario) will rob stores and mug elderly people to continue obtaining these specific molecular shapes    (p. 205). How ironic would it be if ones intelligence (that facilitates your rationalization of drug/alcohol use) disintegrates noticeably as a result of this use? And, wouldn   t it be even more ironic, if one did not retain sufficient intelligence to determine that you are not as intelligent as you once were? Exercise, proper diet (minimal sugar, avoid processed and refined foods<SEMCOL> seek out whole grains, fruits and vegetables, seeds and nuts), avoiding drugs and alcohol, and adequate sleep (consistent each day and preferably more than 7 hours) are essential for optimal physical and mental functioning. Depression self-help: http://www.helpguide.org/mental/depressi    http://www.helpguide.org/topics/depressi    WebMD depression health check:, http://www.webmd.com/depression/default.    Self-pity is easily the most destructive of the nonpharmaceutical narcotics<SEMCOL> it is addictive, gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality. John W. Gardner A man is but the product of his thoughts, what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heaven of Hell, a Hell of Heaven. John Milton, Paradise Lost, Chapter 1 (1667) If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire - then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. Robert Fulghum    Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain,    by Dr David Eagleman, who directs the Laboratory for Perception and Action and the Initiative on Neuroscience and Law, Baylor College of Medicine
As a teenager I can tell you what the personal and social factors are for me. And youre right, its quite hard to distinguish between them! So.. PERSOL: alcohol makes me more self-confident and I manage to do all the things I wouldnt manage to when Im sober! It takes me away from the thoughts of my problems, every kind of problem. It makes me feel sociable. It is not so expensive and it is legal. SOCIAL: Id say that the context in which we live makes a teenager drink because he feels adult and he could be accepted by his peers. Obviously lots of things I said are not to be considered right, instead I consider them wrong and foolish. Sometimes I understand my "teen-ager mistakes" after I have drunk too much, like two days ago, when i vomited all that s*it! PS: sorry for my english, Im italian, maybe something I wrote is uncorrect xD
drunk driving might be one of them
In the simplest of terms, people get addicted to alcohol over a certain period of time where, at first, it makes you feel good, then over time, the person becoming addicted needs more and more in order to feel that feeling, in order to feel "drunk". When a person is younger, there is a physical tolerance to alcohol that builds up over time where the person can drink more and more of it and the person can still appear relatively "normal" and / or sober. But over time, the bodys ability to process the alcohol breaks down, the liver and kidneys can fail and the persons ability to make rational decisions can be compromised. In other words, the person becomes sick more often from drinking, and can fail to make the decision to stop drinking. This person is addicted to alcohol and a lot of people die this way, unfortunately, ...:( So, to elaborate (as you mentioned) on how people get addicted to liquor despite the horrible taste - it is the fact that it is a very good painkiller. You might have heard of the phrase "feeling no pain" when referring to a drunk person? People get past the bad taste by knowing that the alcohol is going kill any pain they might have from working hard all day (one example), or even if they arent in any pain at all, they know once the alcohol starts to go to work they think theyll be "feeling good". Fortunately, your body can do very well without any alcohol in it, as I should also let you know, and hope that you choose a life of sobriety and without the influence of alcohol...
First happy up coming birthday. Yes, to me , from what you describe, it sounds more like you started drinking to cover up a physical imbalance. That is quite common. The symptoms you describe are those of HYPERTHYROID, possibly graves disease, and graves disease is genetic. The trembling hands and teh panic attacks can all be a thyroid out of balance in the hyper sense. Although drug and alcohol dependance is thought to be an underlying risk for some people , it is common for teens , unfamiliar with dealing with hormone changes , to use them to cover over pain, and imbalances of some kind. The thyroid is the main hormone regulator of the body. It also produces hormones . At puberty, if you do have a thyroid issue, or had one at the time, it could very well have effected/affected your hormone levels , moods, and made you feel very hyper . The metabolism is usually also very hyper with hyperthyroid, meaning you could be slim, and able to eat what ever you want, at least back then. If your thyroid has gone back to normal then it healed itself. If it went hyper too long, then it burned itself out and you probably now have problems with overeating, weight gain , fatigue and low sex drive hair loss, irritability, etc thyroid.about.com That you developed agrophobia was an outcome of the feelings you had and did not understand and you built that up in your own mind into agraphobia, adding unnecessary fears to what was going on with you that you did not understand. Teens will do that , until they get the right information,. Now, there is a very profound heailng tool that can resolve that agrophobia and your fears, and there are simple blood tests that test the TSH level and function of the thyroid or any other thing the doctor wants to test based on your description to them , and you should describe the shaking and the rest. Treating throid, even if it is burned out now, is one of the easiest things to do . The medications are effective, and you can find the rest out with searches and the site above I just gave you . For the fear/phobia and any other issues, you can apply this method or hire someone to help you , it works quickly and very effective. eftuniverse.com click on get started free, and eftmasters.com I think you should call a pharmacy and ask them what is your compounding  pharmacy in your area and call and ask them for a list of HRT , hormone replacement doctors , and go let them test you for your basic hormones. See what is what. They might have you see an endocrinologist as well if it turns out to be graves, or now hypothyroid, or something else going on. You would want it properly diagnosed. If it turns out to be that, then your siblings and parents should also be tested, since that is genetically passed down. Either way, and what ever, it sounds like your prognosis is good, and you can then get the misinformation out of your head about all of it, and deal directly with the alcohol abuse, so you can move into the second half of your life in a healthy happy manner. Happy Birthday.
Thats a good question with a complicated answer. It comes down to the chemical changes in the brain brought on by addiction--they feel they need it to manage, even though it doesnt help and only makes things worse. Without going into excruciating detail, an addicts brain is simply different from other peoples, and reacts differently to the alcohol.
none
"Bad" wouldnt be the best word to use. How about its very innapropriate that hes supporting underage drinking? Your brother could become an alcoholic from being exposed to it when he knows very less about it, and at such an age its very appealing... He might become addicted after a while, in the long run.
You know, my wife has the same condition and it has been treated for it successfully. I suggest you seek counseling and treatment as you do exhibit this trait. It is puzzling that for the most part addictive personality syndrome is not on good habits. But, look, this is affecting you financially and your mental health and eventually your complete health. Beef jerky is not the most healthy food on the planet. OK? In treatment you may find that the reason for this behavior or compulsion is typically based on something else going on with you. So, I do recommend treatment as it is effective. This will allow you to have a more balanced life, secure your health both in body and in the mind. Go and make that call to set up an appointment and get started. You will be much more happy. Best wishes.
The rule of thumb is that drinking can become "Alcohol Abuse", for example, missing school or work due to drinking behaviors, or legal consequences of drinking like DUI or disorderly conduct, for example. A more higher level diagnosis is Alcohol Dependency. This is where the person drinks more and more to get the same effect (e.g also known as tolerance), and when they do stop drinking they get withdraw (for example the shakes, sweats, flushed skin, etc). National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism has some good information. While relapse is often a reality in recovery of any addiction, keeping oneself engaged in continued practice of skills can help create hopeful outcomes. http://voices.yahoo.com/practicality-hel   
If you want to stop abusing alcohol, go to a community church. Usually churches have a plethora of different counselling/addiction classes which are FREE
I smoke weed all the time and Im not addicted. Ive never done any hard drugs either. As the other person said, do them in moderation, and you definitely dont want to get caught doing them since its illegal. Cops can really **** you over. Also make sure you do things because you want to, not because its the cool thing to do. Popularity really doesnt last past high school.
Yes, the normal dose of Nyquil is not that large, as long as you dont plan to abuse it. You will be fine.
If you hated your life high then you will hate it drunk. If your switching to alcohol to control a drug problem then maybe you shouldnt of left rehab. I would seek professional help asap from a doctor not yahoo answers boards. Sorry but its the truth.
I think drinking, smoking, weed etc may help medicate social anxiety temporarily but it will not really help your situation. Your brain is wired a certain way when you are concieved. Some people are outgoing, some shy some have social anxiety problems. Just like how some people are tall, short, black, white, etc. its just how you are. Its like taking medicine to make you taller its not going to happen. Same with anxiety drugs they are very addicting ang big medical companies want ppl to get hooked because they make billions. I would say exercise regularly and eat well its about the only healthy way to feel better about yourself. Drinking will lead you to alcoholism later on. I like to have some beers though and after im sober i might feel a bit more SA i think i feel the least when my body is free of alcohol.
No, I think schizophrenia is hereditary. I dont think alcohol abuse has anything to do with that, unless it makes it worse. Alcohol abuse is usually narcissistic, but could be bipolar too.
Because he gives back. He helped build homes HIV positive residents of NJ. PA as well. Hes worked with alot of charity organizations. Just because people are drug addicts, dont mean they are bad people. But I know what youre saying. The media loves adding fuel to the fire. Its usually Globe or National Enquirer making a mountain out of a molehill. Youre right. Those guys gave back. But I guess the media always targeted them because they were easy to pick on. Bon Jovis far from a saint, but he wised up.
as long as drinking does not become like disease and cause violence to the family members, its fine to drink and have fun. drug kills people
Speak with your doctor about your binge drinking, they may prescribe you Valium or Clonozapam and keep a watchful eye on you so that you may not start abusing them the same way you did alcohol, but going cold turkey off alcohol is very dangerous as well without the aid of medication. If you seek medical attention, they may also refer you to an outpatient alcohol treatment clinic or AA in order to get that prescription as well.
Hi kidda, Only you can know yourself if you are alcoholic or not. The way you describe your drinking (not what you drink) doesnt sound like normal drinking, and people who drink normally generally are not worried about their drinking. Im not going to tell you to give it up, as thats your decision to make, but to find out if you have a problem or not, what is normally suggested is that you continue as normal for about 2 months WITHOUT ALCOHOL whatsoever and by the end, or fairly soon into it, youll have your answer. I wish you the best of luck. If you do come to a realisation that you are alcoholic, there is a lot of good help out there, its not the end of the world. Also, just a point, alcoholism is genetic, so if there is addiction in your family, grandparents etc, then chances are that you may be affected. You may not though. (I am alcoholic, my siblings or parents arent - I have one cousin, and a grand uncle alcoholic). Also (sorry for the long answer), again, if you do come to the realisation that you are alcoholic, be careful of drugs, prescription or otherwise, even solpadeine. Best of luck, and enjoy your first year of uni with or without alcohol, whatever you decide :) EDIT:- I hope everything works out well for you, whatever way it goes - if, after the 2 months you decide that you need help, feel free to contact me and I can let you know where to start. If not, and it turns out to be a bad habit you have fallen into, then - even better, just drink in moderation and stay well :)
No one here is going to be able to make a diagnosis. Some of your symptoms could be related to your anemia. A positive A does not mean Lupus, most people who have a positive A do not have an autoimmune disease. Do all you can to feel better and see your doctor. ....
Weed is not addictive. Habit forming yes and you can get hooked on the feeling of it but theres nothing your body can get addicted to. A good friend of mine is like the biggest pot head I know and she stopped doing it when she got pregnant. No problem at all. Occasionally shed say she wanted some but nothing other than that. No health effects at all. It doesnt kill brain cells because all weed does is tell your brain to release more dopamine. Idk why the hell its illegal. Makes no sense.
Your looking at it from a biased point of view.Short-term use of marijuana are just as likely to cause accidents,fights ect.Long-term effects show that they have the same cancer causing compounds as tobacco often in higher concentrations.Studies show that someone who smokes 5 joints per week is the equivalent to someone smoking a full pack of cigarettes every day.In certain cases users of marijuana after smoking it for about 3 years began to suffer mentally such as paranoia,learning disabilities,social disabilities,memory loss,anxiety and depression.Marijuana is often used as a gateway drug for other drugs with addicts moving on to stronger drugs.In the end marijuana is just as bad as alcohol but it may be seen as worse in the future with some effects still to be found. I dont wanna rain on your parade marijuana feels good when you take I know Ive tried it.But the mood and state that users are in when under the influence of marijuana often gives a misconceived perception of it.
Party on dude. The drug has a half life of 4-6 hours. The no-drinking clause is to spare your liver. Your liver will be long done with the meds and be ready for alcohol abuse by tonight...just dont drive :)
yep. drank too much, felt guilty & a bit ill so i poured a full can away.. never again. btw "I havent abused alcohol since then - I ALWAYS finish my drinks" hahaha made me laugh.
Yes. Explain to a judge or lawyer or someone that can help and tell them your situation. They will be able to help. if they are unable to do so then i recommend slitting his throat will he is sleeping and go to a deep lake with his body, tie weights to him and let him sink.
some people have a built in tendency to become addicted to almost anything, addictive personality. Also some people have a particular tendency to become addicted to alcohol, so almost as soon as they sample it, they want to repeat use it in greater and greater amounts. I think that sort of person can become a helpless alcoholic quickly. Another way people end up alcoholic is if perhaps they have a lifestyle where alcohol is always used as a social lubricant and they spend much time in bars and restaurants meeting people over drinks. They probably find that alcohol is a friend that works for them, and get into the habit of overconsuming alcohol, with all its risk of physical and mental health problems. The yes as you say, a person with problems make use alcohol to mask problems. If you drink 3 beers once in a while and dont want to drink more, I cant see you are a likely candidate for alcoholism.
No, because it would just become a criminal activity. Drugs (Heroin, Cocaine etc) are illegal & yet it does not stop people from taking them & all the related problems with drug dealers, addicts, crime etc. Making alcohol & tobacco illegal would just make the situation a whole lot worse. Anyhow - if alcohol was illegal people would just brew/make their own & if all the bars, pubs etc were shut down there would be literally tens of thousands more people unemployed who used to work in these industries & the government would lose millions in taxes. The problems would still exist because people would be doing it illegally. Besides which, they would never outlaw the bars in the House of Commons.
Since you are only 16-- five years too young to legally consume alcohol-- no, its not okay "to be drinking alcohol in moderation". An adult would know that mixing meds and alcohol is incredibly stupid, which is why 21 is the minimum drinking age. WHERE are your parents?!?! EDIT: "its not stupid when Im almost positive it isnt a big deal." Which is what makes it incredibly stupid. Do you really think a pharmacist will say its okay? But as youve stated, you have a death wish, so youll do it regardless of what anyone tells you, so why bother asking the question? EDIT: "I have a self-destructive streak, so its not like I care too much to take a risk" You can debate semantics all you want, you have a death wish. Your question is daft, the activity youre asking about is incredibly dangerous, deadly, even, and no one but an uneducated moron will tell you any differently. Grow up.
Im with you there p the Yahoo team seem to let her keep opening ne accounts, alcohol isnt the only thing shes addicted to. This person is a TROLL who has had around thirty accounts over the past couple of years and keeps asking the same questions hundreds of times. http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    How about this one? http://uk.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind   
Homeopathics are pure bunk. They work on a principle that the more you dilute something, the stronger it gets. Which by that logic youre likely to die of an overdose if you miss a dose. It would be as if you were to take two aspirin and toss them into a lake, wait for the water to mix everything to a homogenized state (about two years) and then whenever you have a headache you go and drink a glass of water from the lake. http://www.ted.com/talks/lang/en/james_r    Its a TED.com lecture where James Randi demonstrates the bunk that is homeopathics by taking an entire bottle of Calms Forte (a homeopathic sleeping pill) which *should* be a fatal dose but suffers no ill effects. Something he has been doing for the past 30 years. To give examples, a 12c solution (their scale) is described accurately as a pinch of salt added to the north and south Atlantic Oceans. a 13c solution would be a third of a drop of the medication diluted in a volume of water the equivalent of all the oceans of the world. Or heres my favorite. A popular homeopathic treatment for the flu is a 200C dilution of duck liver, marketed under the name Oscillococcinum. As there are only about 10^80 atoms in the entire observable universe, a dilution of one molecule in the observable universe would be about 40C. Oscillococcinum would thus require 10^320 more universes to simply have one molecule in the final substance. Yes, thats having to consume all the particles in our universe along with 10 to the 320th power *other* universes of the same size as ours to get one molecule of the original medication. So your odds of getting addicted to them are right up there with a snowballs chance in a supernova. And thats being optimistic.
Call alcoholics anonymous and ask them to send someone to your house to set up a meeting with your mom tell them the situation is out of hand and you need help.good luck and god bless
Nothing you can do, your life is screwed.
I want to start one too. And call it D.A.M.M. Drunks against mad mothers.
If addiction runs in your family (even far back) then you possibly have the addictive gene, so yes, it is possible. However, being drunk once (you dont say if you have drank more often than that without getting drunk) is not the same as being in full blown addiction. Keep an eye on it, you will know yourself the more often you drink whether it is a problem and if you have to stop. Love your Additional Details - fair play to you!
It has caused a lot of emotional damage, that may stay with you forever, I am one of the survivors from a similar life like yours, I had to go into councelling because I wanted to be myself, happy, feeling good about myself and I couldnt, it really helped me, find me again, although today I will still not date or become involved with anyone who drinks alcohol, my friends say well some of these men are not like the other one, and they know how to handle alcohol, so I tried dating a few men who considered themselves social drinkers, but watching them have a drink brought horrible memories back for me. Good Luck, it will get better for you, buy plse seek out some councelling.
none
Do a web search: how to think positive Maybe you need to go on a self confidence program as well to learn how to say no to people and how to communicate. You are using booze as an emotional support and need to get a better sense of yourself and what you want out of life, not what everyone else wants. Youll need to get more selfish and think of yourself and then you will feel like you are in control of your life. Learn to be your own best friend. Tell yourself you are a good person and you deserve to be happy. You need to change the environment you live in<SEMCOL> maybe find a hobby you can learn<SEMCOL> or go to an art or woodwork class and learn something new. Maybe join a poetry writers group or a beginners photograpy group. Or maybe move into a new environment away from people who expect you to booze alot and wont like the new you. Start afresh in a new area. Get on a bus or train and travel around areas and stay in backpackers so you can suss out a new location to live in. That could be your goal once you have got rid of your addiction. AA (Alcoholics Anonymous seems to have a good success rate and there will be one in your local area) Phone your local Information Centre for their phone number. http://www.soberrecovery.com/ http://www.daausa.org http://www.drugrehabscenters.com/ http://www.drug.supportgroups.com http://www.spiritualriver.com/how-can-i-    http://www.dailystrength.org http://www.counsellingresource.com
There is no cure, you do not have the enzymes in order to break down the alcohol and never will. You sound more like a dipsomaniac than an alcoholic, either way you should learn dialectical and cognitive behavioral therapy in order to regulate your actions and emotions and beat alcohol. You can get books from your local library.
Alcohol dependency syndrome is the desensitisation of cells, and onset of withdrawal symptoms when without alcohol. Alcoholism is a term for pretty much daily consumption of alcohol, there are many slang terms for this type of person, drunkard, alkie, pisshead etc. Hangovers are dehydration, just drink water, things change all the time dont be alarmed. You know your addicted when you cant be yourself without it, socially, physically or mentally. I have a genetic disposition for enzymatic tolerance to alcohol but I have still become an alcoholic. Because I thought I was invincible just because I could handle more drink than anyone I knew, so I drank and drank and here I am now, my speech and literacy are absolutely attrocious ... Good drinker comes in so many forms, only a few people can truly be labelled good drinkers, I only know 1 other person who can and he most likely has a disorder considering the amount of drink he pours down his neck. Dont drink through depression and take it easy, youll be fine.
Thats not a real question. Go spam Facebook
Not in the same way, no. Its more like an emotional crutch. It slakes an emotional need but isnt addictive in itself.
Regardless of the frequency of his drinking, he is showing CLEAR symptoms of substance abuse. If drinking, even rarely, is negatively affecting his life and relationships (which it sounds like it is), then he needs to seek treatment and follow-up care with a therapist. What needs to be addressed is why he continues to drink, even infrequently, if he knows how it is likely to turn out. If he cannot control this, he needs treatment.
youre 15, this means two things: one<SEMCOL> youre melodramatic--two<SEMCOL> you have no idea what youre talking about drinking booze is fun, most people drink too much when they drink and most people have periods when they drink far too much. ALCOHOLISM IS SO MUCH MORE SERIOUS THAN ANYTHING YOU HAVE EVER PERCEIVED OR ENCOUNTERED. you are not, nor will you likely become, an alcoholic--you enjoy alcohol...great! doesnt mean you have a problem. also 3 nights a week?! alcoholism is a depenancy of 7 or more standard drinks PER DAY just to have normal bodily functions. seriously kid, you have no idea what alcoholism is. it ruins familys, gets people fired, leaves people bankrupt and contributes to spousal and child abuse--does this sound anything like you!? no! please dont call yourself an alcoholic, alcoholics stuggle through some serious, messed up problems and their lives are almost always ruined. what you should do? grow up! make some friends and stop thinking that you have it tough!
Actually I have heard some suggest that man would have died out long ago, had it not been for alcohol. For example I tend to look better the more alcohol you drink. That being said though. All things can be used for good and bad. It is mankind that chooses how they use it. Alcohol has many very good properties and many uses that are very helpful. If alcohol were not around, those people who misuse alcohol will simply find something else to misuse. Look at food as an example. Given that overindulgence in food tend to cause heart attacks and any number of other problems, would the world be a better place without it? Look at nuclear energy. We choose whether we use nuclear energy to power the world, or destroy the world. I drink, but my drinking has never caused a car accident, never lead me to abuse my son, never lead me to abuse my wife, never lead me to divorce my wife, never lead to me being homeless. Had my drinking ever lead to any of those, when sober I would never touch it again. So its really about people making bad choices.
Convenience stores are NOT supposed to take EBT cards for Cigarettes, or alcohol, etc. If you see it being done, turn the store in. It cant stop them from buying the overpriced bags of junk food and candy though. "Its Free!, Its Free, with the E- B- T !) Dont expect too much though "Welfare", as we know it, was specifically DESIGNED to be a "vote buying" Scheme for a certain political party. This party ALWAYS has TWO reasons for what it does The "Good" one and the REAL one. If the solution for abuse, is in the realm "common sense", then obviously, nothing is being done, because the "abuse" is part of the purpose and enticement. It is the "Modern Slavery." Slaves got all the free stuff they needed too, in exchange for their work and loyalty to their Master. Today, the modern slaves get free stuff in exchange for their VOTES and loyalty to the party.
Many will answer<SEMCOL> alcohol will only remain in system a few hours, or 24 hours, or 48 hours But these posters do not understand that there is an ETG test that detects the metabolites that your body produces after it metabolizes alcohol. All probation departments have the ability to use this test<SEMCOL> and use it often on their subjects on probation if as part of the probation they are to refrain from alcohol. I wish I had better news but at least you have the facts, and therefore can make an informed decision as to whether you want to chance it. Below explains the test further, with link An EtG test detects metabolites your body produces when it metabolizes alcohol. To get more specific, the two metabolites that the test is looking for is: Ethyl Glucuronide and Ethyl Sulfate Most EtG tests are at the 100 ng/ml level. Above that level you fail<SEMCOL> below it you pass. EtG tests can be done through urine, saliva or hair tests. (Below are maximum detection times) It can be detected in urine up to 80 hours from last alcoholic drink<SEMCOL> Hair up to 90 days. It can be done along with a standard drug test. They just add that test to the standard 5 panel drug test for an additional fee. Probation departments, schools, and some employers are using this test now<SEMCOL> especially with underage employees .http://www.uatests.com/types-of-drug-tes    http://alcoholism.about.com/od/work/a/et   
Hello Alea S, A strict devout Buddhist practitioner most likely adheres to certain mindfulness trainings, commonly called precepts. The five basic precepts include avoiding: 1. Killing 2. Stealing 3. Sexual misconduct 4. Lying and false speech 5. Alcohol and other intoxicants Thich Nhat Hanh, a famous Buddhist monk, phrases the fifth training thus: Aware of the suffering caused by unmindful consumption, I am committed to cultivating good health, both physical and mental, for myself, my family, and my society by practicing mindful eating, drinking, and consuming. I will practice looking deeply into how I consume the Four Kinds of Nutriments, namely edible foods, sense impressions, volition, and consciousness. I am determined not to gamble, or to use alcohol, drugs, or any other products which contain toxins, such as certain websites, electronic games, TV programs, films, magazines, books, and conversations. I will practice coming back to the present moment to be in touch with the refreshing, healing and nourishing elements in me and around me, not letting regrets and sorrow drag me back into the past nor letting anxieties, fear, or craving pull me out of the present moment. I am determined not to try to cover up loneliness, anxiety, or other suffering by losing myself in consumption. I will contemplate interbeing and consume in a way that preserves peace, joy, and well-being in my body and consciousness, and in the collective body and consciousness of my family, my society and the Earth. Im assuming the college you are referring to is Naropa University in Boulder, Colorado. It is not inclusively a Buddhist university. It is Buddhist inspired. Like many college students, some students at Naropa party, drink, smoke, and do drugs. What sets them apart however is that they are engaging in contemplative education, a meditative and introspective approach to learning.
It is called delirium tremors. Also, withdrawals from alcohol are arguably more dangerous then withdrawals from other substances. In extreme cases it can even be fatal.
If you have no memory of what happened last night then you drank yourself into a stupor. You need to go for counseling. You very much are ready for it. .
The only way to be sure, is if he has blood testing done: The liver enzymes blood tests, liver function blood tests, and liver viral blood tests. The doctor could tell from this if he liver cells are damaged, how well the liver cells are functioning, or if there is a virus that is using his liver cells to replicate itself. An ultrasound would show if there is an enlargement of the liver due to the immune system responding to liver cell damage and inflammation developing inside the liver. Bilirubin, a greenish/brownish substance, that is made from our dead red blood cells...is what causes Jaundice (the yellowing of the whites of the eyes and skin). It has to reach a certain level in the blood, before this coloring will appear. Depending on the patients natural color, it may not be as evident. However, it is best to try to see this in outdoor lighting, as indoor lighting can mask it. The liver would normally take the bilirubin and convert it into a soluble form to become part of the bile. If the liver cells are damaged, this conversion may not take place...so it stays in the blood. The urine can also become darker in color because of it. Alcohol can cause a liver problem in different ways. The liver takes toxins out of the body and converts them to a non toxic form. 1)Overconsuming alcohol in a short time period, doesnt give the liver cells time to make enough enzymes to convert it to acetaldehyde, then to acetate, and then to CO2 and water. Not converted completely, it become toxic to the liver cells. 2) Consuming alcohol over long time period can cause the build up of fat inside the liver. Fat adds to the pressure inside the liver (which is surrounded by a tight membrane capsule) and it can damage the liver cells. 3) some people are more sensitive to alcohol and some are even allergic to it. Therefore, the sensitive ones tend to develop liver disease much faster. 4) taking medications with alcohol can cause such an interaction between the two that it can instantly damage the liver cells. Inflammation and enlargement of the liver is a dangerous sign of serious liver disease. IF the alcohol is stopped, the liver cells may have a chance to heal and the liver problem could be reversed. If not, it can lead to where the liver cells die off and form scar tissue inside the liver. (this is known as Cirrhosis of the liver) There is no cure except a liver transplant. Stopping the alcohol then, will only slow the disease down. Some people may not show any signs of the disease until they reached "diagnosis of Cirrhosis". The patient I take care of, did not have any signs until then. Encephalopathy is a condition where ammonia is going into the brain because the liver cannot convert it into urea for the body to easily dispose of it. It is staying in the blood and going into the brain. If a patient holds their arm straight out in front of them. Their hands may flap. They cannot sign a paper without their hands shaking. If the patient isnt given medication to bind this ammonia, he could go into a coma eventually. [This condition can minic being drunk.] They become easily confused, disoriented, have sleep pattern changes, and more. Ascites is the build up of fluid inside the abdominal area caused by the liver unable to make a protein that holds fluid inside our vessels and also lymph excess formation inside the liver. [ This can be mistaken for having a beer belly in those who drink.] The doctor can do tests to tell the difference. Gaining weight fast is more likely this. Patients may have difficulty breathing and not feel much like eatting. Any blood in the sputum, vomit, or rectal area is an emergency situation. It means blood is backing up into the portal vein and smaller weak vessels that cannot handle the pressure. Blood doesnt flow well through the liver anymore. It can even enlarge the spleen because of this. The weak vessels can burst open and cause internal bleeding. Doctors can try to band them to stop the flow of blood. Also, because the liver no longer makes clotting factors well, these patients tend to bruise and bleed very easily. Links about Cirrhosis, you can click on: ***Medicine Net: http://www.medicinenet.com/cirrhosis/art    Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cirrhosis Medscape: http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/18    Acute Liver Failure..Medscape: http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/17    Note: Most Transplant Center require a patient to be detoxed (under doctor care) for a period of six months prior to be referred to them for the evaluation process of placement on the Liver Transplant list. Doctor have meds to help reduce the effects of being detoxed and monitor the patient to be sure his body can cope with this I hope this info has helped. Best wishes
none
If you dont want to then DONT do it! Its completely fine. I will tentatively say that it can be fun but only at the right time in the right place. It is so easy to get addicted so if you think your susceptible you probably shouldnt drink. There are 100 reasons not to drink. Addiction, problems with family/friends, fights, problems with the law- definately at your age, your health (obviously), overdosing, very stupid choices, drinking and driving, unplanned pregnancy.....endless list. Compared to what? Fitting in? Fun? Definately a smart choice to stay well away. Your not missing out. Spin around a few times, puke, then have a massive headache and youve just experienced getting drunk. Not worth it. Best of luck to you though, its a hard age to be. Especially with your faith.
Your argument is actually illogical. You are arguing backwards. It is like we learned in kindergarten, 2 wrongs dont make a right. Drunk people are problematic for sure. So why would we want to add stoned people to the mix as well? Im not saying that it should or shouldnt be legal...Im just saying your argument doesnt stand. And a stoned driver isnt necessarily safer than a drunk driver. They are both very dangerous.
hahahaha would you give any other kind of drug addict money for their habit? and you arent lending them money, that implies you may actually get your money back on day. you are getting fleeced.
Alcoholism is a serious addiction. Seek help immediately from professionals. If you can contact a counselling service in your area that has experience in dealing with addiction recovery, that would be a great place to start. Also, check out these sites: Alcoholics Anonymous:http://www.aa.org/ Help Guide: http://www.helpguide.org/mental/alcohol_    Although getting rid of and avoiding all alcohol will be necessary in the beginning, you need to get to a point where you can comfortably be around others drinking without feeling tempted by it. This will require the efforts of a professional, such as a therapist. You are taking the most important first step, good luck on the rest of your journey :)
If your mom really wants to stop, then she needs to go to a rehab treatment centre. Your mom did the first big step and admitted to herself and others that she needs help, but she cannot do this on her own and actually itll be dangerous if she does. The thing is your Mom is so addicted to alchol that if she goes cold turkey she could suffer medical problems when she "detoxes, that is why she needs to be at a rehab centre that way she has doctors around her that can help her through the withdrawls. Most rehab centres are 90 days, and then they have "outpatient treatment programs". I dont know where you live, but your Mom needs to do some research on this herself and make arrangements to go to rehab. Good luck.
stay hydrated, use a supplement called "hepol", it does amazing things for your liver and will help your liver heal and function better. it helped eliminate my mothers hepatitis C. also, Kombucha tea from the health food store has been shown to improve hepatic function and help with detox. you can make your own easily if you like.
How are you not allowed? Youre a grown adult, you should be making your own decisions. An alcoholic is someone that is addicted to alcohol. There is nothing wrong with occasionally drinking a glass of wine or a martini.
Drink because you enjoy it and in moderation. IF you choose to drink to hide or cover up any frailties you have you are heading down the path of alcoholism abuse. Next it will be any excuse to have a drink..I know I have seen it too many times. Lost several friends through drink and drugs. My advice? Force yourself to be in a situation where you are slap bang in the middle of your brothers friends and open your mouth and talk..trust me after a while the words will come out.. A little tip for you is grab a newspaper and read the events of the day. Itll give you loads to talk about. Good luck.. and remember, better to fight shyness than a drink problem
this is kind of a bad way to get the answers you need because you need them quickly. I would recommend you let him rest, keep him under watch and if he starts to go out of it call an ambulance and get him in rehab. Hell thank you later
Well, depends on how often and in what amount you take it. Weeds fine if you smoke/eat it only once every two weeks. But since YOU get addicted easily, I wouldnt recommend that. And weed especially wouldnt help the tobacco addiction, because your body can handle tobacco better than marijuana. Its probably better to just try drinking and smoking less (like smoking three times a day, and drinking 3-4 glasses, instead of the usual). So, if youre looking for a substitute that youll take as many times as you drink and smoke, you shouldnt go for weed. Its more expensive and worse for your health (goodbye good brains). If you plan on doing it occasionally, its okay. But if youre doing it to get off another addiction: WONT WORK.
First of all, willpower has nothing to do with this. You were running from your problems with whiskey and weed, and you got yourself physically addicted. How long do you think that you can hide this from your parents ? Not very long. Weed is not actually physically addictive. Alcohol is the killer. Its also illegal for your parents to torture you. You would be a very rare case if you could think your way out of all of this. Tell your whole family so that you can get treatment, insurance pays for it. After that follow up with A.A. or N.A. Just walk into a meeting. They will accept you with open arms. Best wishes.
Those jobs are usually looking for degreed people, a masters in social work , psychology and the like. The pay scales are based on several things, the type of place you are applying to, their budget, and all that. For a general view of pay scale, you can just search it, or call a drug rehab place and ask all your questions to someone there. You can also call a university and ask to speak to an advisor . Or call a therapist and ask. Although they might not be too impressed with your inability to get the answers for yourself. These are fairly easy answers.
No. Parents should tell their kids that tobacco kills people and that alcohol can be very dangerous. However, telling kids "that cigarettes and alcohol is for homos" DOES demonize homosexuals, making their lives more precarious and even causing them to do self destructive things like commit suicide! How could you suggest such an awful thing to say! Cant you imagine how that would feel to hear something like that if you WERE Gay???? Cant you imagine what your life would be like????
I dont think theres a good or bad thing about experiencing alcohol at the age of 14. I was 12 when I first tried it, drink like once a month now 17 (almost 18) but I dont go over the top with it. I like the feeling when Im drunk, but there will be bad experiences, too, you should never forget! But since you are still SO young, you will get drunk quite fast I wouldnt suggest to mix wine with water, because it tastes horribly!! Red wine is very untasty for children (still for me) I love white wine, bubbles and champagne. Very good bubbles (esp. for young people) is called ASTI (we have that in Germany, not sure if you have it) and its very fruity and not dry at all. You should really ask your parents, which one is the most suitable for people of your age. Maybe you should rather go for cocktails with less alcohol and more juice! And dont worry, you wont get addicted from one glass of wine. Its ridiculous, Im sure someone told you so youll keep your fingers away from it. Its only an addiction when you really feel the need to drink alcohol and when you think itll make you feel better. Sometimes its nicer to have the controll over your body, and you cant when youre drunk
1) If you do it in public, it can lead to behaviour that gets you in trouble (google Erik Joyce) 2) It has harmful long term health effects (liver damage etc) 3) Once you are addicted, you need to consume, and it is expensive. The money may be better spent elsewhere. (can cause crime and other behaviours to fund the habit, like other drug addictions) 4) It effects your relationships and can cause you to lose friends and family, thereby effecting mental health. Hope this helps. Note that many enjoy a drink socially and it can help break down communication barriers. In your younger adult years, alcohol can be a great tool to overcome social awkwardness. However many people do get into trouble with alcohol, and along with another legal drug tobacco, it causes much more harm than all the illegal drugs combined.
Legal drinking age is about whether you are responsible enough to say no before you over drink and have the maturity to be accountible for your choices.Sadly alcohol abuse is not limited to teens but adults as well.I believe the age limit is to try to discourage young people from starting to drink at a young age.We have age limits and restrictions to try toset some paramaters .Getting drunk does not make you more of a man or woman than the next person.Unfortunatelywe can read about the devastation that impaired people cause that the victims of a drunk driver would be asking why the rush to drink younger.Ask the families who have lost their parent,their child, their infant child, ask the person who life was altered due to the accident caused by a drunk diriver.Not all victims die, some are paralyzed,disfigured ,suffer emotional and physical scars etc.Does a person really need to have a drink to have fun ? We need to let the word get out that drinking at any age has never improved the quality of anyones life.Im not against a social drink but feel there is no need for people to drink at an earlier age.
The occurrence of an alcohol blackout is unpredictable both in severity and in timing. When an individual experiences an alcohol induced blackout, his consciousness remains throughout the period but will be unable to have complete recollection of what happened during that time. The events are never imprinted on the brain for recall. It   s amnesia in a way, but it   s caused by drug or alcohol abuse and not a traumatic or physically debilitating experience. There are two types of alcohol induced blackouts commonly studied: 1. Fragmentary or partial blackouts. These tend to occur when lower levels of alcohol are taken. You might forget names or what you were talking about in the middle of a conversation. These partially interfere with memory formation during intoxication. People can sometimes remember the missing pieces if they are prompted or reminded of the context of conversation or situation. 2. Complete or en bloc, blackouts. When a person has a complete alcohol blackout, he is still physically and mentally able to perform actions although he may seem not like his usual self. In this type of blackout, an individual is still conscious but will be unable to retain any memory of what happened during his blackout, what so ever. Prompting or reminders will not lead to recall the events. It appears that the ability to transfer and imprint memory from the present and short term to long term storage is blocked. In most cases, blackouts are a result of binge drinking, that is, consuming an excessive quantity of liquor in a brief period of time. This has been confirmed by a research conducted for the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism which reports how large and especially rapid consumption of alcohol can produce partial or complete blackouts. Age is a determining factor in how much alcohol you can safely consume. A woman   s tendency to black out more easily probably results from differences in how men and women metabolize alcohol. Females also may be more susceptible than males to milder forms of alcohol induced memory impairments, even when men and women consume comparable amounts of alcohol.
They tried to make it illegal once and it was a disaster. They would make bathtub gin and there was no regulation on it back then. so many people died , went blind or became crippled. you cant make them quit drinking socially . the one thing that is true, is you can get drunk, get sick have a hangover but the next day you are better. Other drugs you get addicted too, much worse then you can alcohol. which would you rather have an air line pilot that has a drink or one that uses ie... heroine. While i dont condone the use of alcohol, I sure dont want my kids addicted to the other stuff.I have a co-worker that is in the mental ward right now because she was addicted as a younger person and now wh has terrible mental problems.
Keep on convincing her about the life drugs and alcohol can lead too. Dont give up because when less addict is only better for all of us.
Any kind of excess is bad. If you are typing this clearly I highly doubt that you are drunk, maybe just buzzed. There is nothing wrong with drinking unless you are drinking all of the time and or drinking hard. Anything that lowers your inhibitions places you in harms way. I have no problem with people who casually drink, but I think it is a shame when people drink specifically to get drunk. Usually to run from their problems which end up right where they left them in the morning. Alcohol is man-made. it isnt a miracle. Why would God give man the knowledge to make something that has caused so many problems? The Bible does not advocate excessive drinking. For example, after the flood Noah grows a vineyard and gets drunk and his son Ham "saw his fathers nakedness " implying that something not good might have happened between the two as his other brothers look away from their fathers nakedness. But the Bible does seem to recognize that casual drinking among friends is just fine. For example, in many of the examples of hospitality demonstrated in the Bible hosts share their wine with their visitors and friends.
Alcohol abuse can lead to two major, long-term medical problems: * Cirrhosis (tissue scarring) of the liver with gastrointestinal bleeding, liver failure, and death. * Heart disease associated with high blood pressure. Cancers of the mouth, throat, and esophagus have a much greater occurrence rate among those who drink and smoke than among those who only drink or those who only smoke.
from all the abuse over the past years. massive amounts of alcohol will destroy brain cells thus resulting in bad judgement.
If you abuse alchahol it can stop the pancreas from producing insulin which is vital for the body to have
Your right, it isnt hard to quit alcohol once your addicted, thats a fact. What you need is rehab. Dont be afraid to get help, it can only make things better. Also confront your mother when your ready and tell her you want to get help, she might help you out $$$ Wise for rehab.Also note that alcohol is DANGEROUS Goodluck ! :)
You should NEVER mix alcohol and drugs of any kind. The alcohol will react with the pills in a crazy way, called the MULTIPLIER EFFECT. Id recommend going to the ER and telling them whats going on RIGHT NOW.
Has he been in a treatment center, attend AA, .... I know what it is like. Rational versus Loving someone...with any addict you must realize they are masters of deception...what you know...and what you really know are two totally different things...Am I saying you dont know him - Of course not! But I am saying that with any type of ADDICTION (with the exception of FOOD) you must completely abstain from alcohol, changing friends, activities, everything. If you replace alcohol with Oxycontin or cocaine or even heroin people would give you the most judgmental looks and the absolute absurdity of it is more apparent. He really should see a specialist many issues could be causing his self-medication, or he could have a genetic predisposition to alcoholism, or he could just be an alcoholic because he really really likes the feeling. The problem alcohol is like food, life as we know it keeps getting more and more stressful, and his addiction is at every restaurant, store, etc Now staying or leaving....if you have to think about it....you probably are going to stay. This isnt a decision an answer from here is going to make up for you. You need to stay because you want to stay, you need to look in his eyes and you need to judge what he is capable of, what you are willing to risk, you will blame those around you for staying/leaving if you do not do this yourself. But however, if he has given his all in attempting to quit, rehab, AA, etc and he has still not managed to after 2 years his chances of doing so are slim, but if he hasnt really given it his all then maybe you should recommend that. But your relationship and his disease cannot be correlated. Alcoholism is a drug addiction, today it may be DUIs and tomorrow it could be your kids in a crash, or him dying. Has it ever escalated to physical violence, if yes - you need professional help. I know abuse AND love for some reason go hand-in-hand in this country and I used to never understand why but for some reason the irrational blame inflicted on those involved eventually causes them to believe they are wrong, living your life in accordance to what someone could be in my opinion is not very wise. A persons habits and personality traits are not easily changeable, think of dieting as a prime example, we want to diet, but most people give up or mess up almost completely within one month. Food is comparable to alcohol because it is another commonly accepted and socially accepted coping drug. Food is less destructive in my opinion, but many can fight this, but his addiction is everywhere and if you think you can stop it you are dead wrong. He needs professional help, but what I cant understand...is why you need someone to tell you about your boyfriends mental health needs....most people turn to online help when they want to hear an answer that supports what they really want, or they are scared to choose something and need guidance. Im going to hope you are the second, guide yourself out of this relationship, recommend or even make it necessary for him to go to a full-on rehab facility. Addictions are issues, no amount of love, caring, or help you can provide with help him...its an itch....hes going to scratch....
Youve taken the first step by admitting that you have a problem<SEMCOL> the next (and hardest) step is to get some sort of treatment<SEMCOL> some people can quit by themselves, but most cant (I couldnt), and it is NOT "weak" to seek help. I wish you well.
Long story short we all have caner cells. but are bodies usually have enough control to kill them before the cell division gets out of control.. Its when the bodies immune system is to weak in certain areas and where oxygen levels of the cells get way to low..= a beading ground for cancer to divide faster then what the body can repair..= "You have the big C" so alcohol can lower the immune system thus increasing the possibility of a cancer outbreak ABUSE of alcohol, on the other hand, destroys a lot of body functions and cell growth, suppresses immune function, weakens immune response, damages the liver, kidneys and the rest of the endocrine system, and can do a lot of other damage too. In moderate doses, alcohol is not necessarily harmful, although what is defined as moderate is different for each individual. It is important to remember certain things about alcohol: Alcohol is a central nervous system depressant, which means it slows down your metabolism<SEMCOL> Alcohol dehydrates your brain and your body, which means in order for moderate use to be of any help, you also need to consume more water than normal<SEMCOL> Alcohol lowers your reflexes and your inhibitions starting with the very first drop, so even drinking it in moderation, you must be on guard against your own perception of how you are "doing" in terms of consumption and reaction. Your judgement of how much is enough is affected. Alcohol interferes with the absorption of many medications and alters the effects of others, so you must be extra careful not to mix alcohol with meds without checking with your doctor, and even then its best to just not drink if youre taking prescription medications.
Oh you crazy arab you assume anyone that drinks alcohol is an alcoholic thats is just beyond stupid! There are so many things we consume that we dont need. Do you eat sweets? Well you dont need them so are you addicted? Do you eat grains? You dont need them are you an addict? Get over yourself! If you dont want to drink...dont, but dont try to force your beliefs upon others! They didnt NEED intoxication they wanted it! Your just jealous because your family would kill you if they caught you drunk!
i took too many beers and fcked my own blood for blood sister help me.....
Alcohol kill people but the research says there are no death caused by smoking Marijuana. Beside this, Marijuana helps to deal sicknesses with symptoms and/or side effects as follows: Agoraphobia, AIDS Related Illness, Alcohol Abuse, Alcoholism, Alopecia Areata, Amphetamine Dependency, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), Angina Pectoris, Ankylosis, Anorexia, Anorexia Nervosa , Anxiety Disorders, Arteriosclerotic Heart Disease, Arthritis, Asthma, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADD/ADHD), Autoimmune Disease, Back Pain, Back Sprain, Bells Palsy, Bipolar Disorder, Brain Tumor, Malignant, Bruxism, Bulimia, Cachexia, Cancer , Carpal Tunnel Syndrome, Cerebral Palsy, Cervical Disk Disease, Chemotherapy, Chronic Fatigue, Syndrome, Chronic Pain, Chronic renal failure, Cocaine Dependence, Colitis, Conjunctivitis, Constipation, Crohns Disease, Cystic Fibrosis, Damage to Spinal Cord Nervous Tissue, Degenerative Arthritis, Delirium Tremens, Diabetes and many more. Thus, Marijuana is million times better than alcohol.
One glass of red wine a day. Your body has no use of the Alcohol whatsoever. Not use in any body function and not use as energy. Also Alcohol has 7 calories per gram. So I understand its a pleasure, but dont abuse it.
Dont blame the alcohol, he has to drink it before it can affect him, and he is doing that willingly knowing he will abuse you after drinking it. Time to tell him the abuse stops or you are leaving.
There are currently only three medications approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence. None of these medications are prescribed to people who are still drinking alcohol. They are only prescribed to those who have already stopped drinking and are trying to maintain alcohol abstinence. Read more here: http://alcoholism.about.com/od/about/a/t   
Im 31 now and rarely drink in the present. However in my late teens and early 20s I drank like a fish. For me it started out as just being curious, being with close friends when your young and doing something thats for adults only, knowing its illegal and having access adds to the fun factor. We had so much fun getting drunk with my friends the 1st time, why not do it again, and again? Then I moved to Hawaii in my early 20s, my roommate was an alcoholic and he always wanted a drinking partner, and I didnt mind. I also built houses the 4 years I was there, and after work somebody had a 24 pack and a few joints ready to go and continued into the night, everyday. Weekends was always way heavier drinking and partying. Its an escape for some, social entertainment for others, its fun, easier to pick up ladies, accepted by most people, have a reason to act stupid, makes everything feel all nice....thats why I did. Now if I have a couple beers, Im good.
Its a different culture. Not everyone is against drinking while not everyone is for abusing prescription drugs.
No alcohol is innocent. The danger lies/lay in the stupidity of people that abuse and misuse it. A gun isnt dangerous unless misused. We need to take personal responsibility in everything ewe do and stop blaming "things" and others for our actions. Have a drink or two a day and double that on off days and you can live a long, happy, and healthy life. In fact longer than if you dont drink. Accidents are caused by the actions and decisions of people not alcohol. In addition blame drugs and texting for many of these accidents too.
It was the mix. I mixed it with alcohol and I used to drink up to 15 beers a night. I do not remember A THING from that night and it actually scares me because I was told I tried to fight people and so on.. never again.
I did a 4 minute presentation on alcohol abuse last year at college. Here is some information from my presentation. Hope this helps. If you would like to know more then you are more than welcome to ask (: Short term affects: A small amount of alcohol will make you relaxed and make you feel less anxious but large amounts suppresses the part of the brain which controls judgement, resulting in loss of inhibitions. Affects physical co-ordination, causing blurred vision, slurred speech and loss of balance. Long term affects: Drinking too much alcohol will cause physical damage, increase risks of diseases and can make other diseases worse. Excessive drinking can cause: Hepatitis and cirrhosis of the liver Gastritis (inflammation of the stomach lining) or pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) High blood pressure Types of cancer such as mouth and throat Brain damage Failure of the heart Neurological problems like epilepsy Types of vitamin deficiency Excessive drinking has also been linked to: Obesity Infertility Muscle disease Skin problems. Psycological affects: Excessive use can increase anxiety and can cause depression. Related to problems with sleeping, mood-swings, violence and suicide. Two-thirds of suicide attempts are thought to have involved alcohol Alcohol is said to have caused around 22,000 deaths each year.
You could try going to rehab.. but you could try cutting back some go down to a 12 pack a day and then just slowly work your way down Im not sure how hard that would be but rehab is always there.
Delete the word alcohol, insert the words cutting or pot.... i am craving cutting sooo bad but im not getting "effects" or wvr... i just like the feeling.. thing is that i also cut when im alone when its night bc i cant sleep and would rather continue cutting kk o.o i usually continue cutting throughout the day to "cure" If that was anyone else, would you think they had a problem? How would you answer their question? Doing things for pleasure isnt a problem, doing things because your body or mind craves it - is an addiction. Best way to fight it is to find other things to occupy yourself and better ways to spend your time if youre looking for self-help. If you need to lean on friends, or get rid of some friend who just bring you down [to that level] - do it. If thats not enough, seek professional help, theres no shame in it. The strongest thing you got going for you, is your own mind. Ive had addictions, theyre easy to cure only IF you really want to... addictions can also own your a$$ if you fail yourself and fail being strong. Thats where professional help comes in... anything that helps, do. Youre a fantastic human being, dont waste your potencial.
boredom, bad examples in their lives, peer pressure, curiosity, advertising, glamourising alcohol short term effects: behavioral - aggression, over affectionate, risk taking, lower inhibition can lead to dangerous situations such as fights, being taken advantage of, unprotected s*x, dehydration, headache, nausea, vomiting long term effects: depression, dependency, se*ually transmitted diseases, unwanted pregnancies, PTSD from assault etc.
They are legal because people want them and with minimal use, they dont cause severe adverse effects. Any drug that is abused causes detrimental effects. I dont drink or smoke and dont like to be around anyone that smokes or gets drunk, but I dont want to prevent their right to smoke or drink. The other reason is that both provide a profitable source of revenue for the government. To make them illegal would cause a black market and increase the income of criminals.
There is no such thing as a "former" addict. You cannot drink "normally". On that note. I have drank more than I should for long periods of time and maybe at those times, I could have been border-line alcoholic....but I was not an alcoholic. I can take it or leave it at this point in my life (in the last 3 years I have not been drunk once) & when I say that I mean....... I have drank every single day in the past at times in my life, but now I can have a drink with a meal once a year. I could care less about it. I guess I would be playing with fire to push this theory, but I honestly, do not like alcohol & can take it or leave it....so why not leave it??? No, a "former alcoholic CANNOT EVER DRINK AGAIN!" Sorry to burst your bubble!
No,you wouldnt ask here if you were the one. BUT You have minor or mid scale alcohol disorder (abusing alcohol). Take a look below: Drinking alone. Drinking in secret. Not being able to limit how much alcohol is consumed. Blacking out - not being able to remember chunks of time. Having rituals and being irritated/annoyed when these rituals are disturbed or commented on. This could be drinks before/during/after meals, or after work. Dropping hobbies and activities the person used to enjoy<SEMCOL> losing interest in them. Feeling an urge to drink. Feeling irritable when drinking times approach. This feeling is more intense if the alcohol is not available, or there appears to be a chance it may not be available. Having stashes of alcohol in unlikely places. Gulping drinks down in order to get drunk and then feel good. Having relationship problems (triggered by drinking). Having problems with the law (caused by drinking). Having work problems (caused by drinking, or drinking as root cause). Having money problems (caused by drinking). Requiring a larger quantity of alcohol to feel its effect. Nausea, sweating, or even shaking when not drinking. A person who abuses alcohol may have many of these signs and symptoms - but they do not have the withdrawal symptoms like an alcoholic does, nor the same degree of compulsion to drink. Youre not the one but you should control alcohol and never allow alcohol to control you. You must drink smart. After a while youll realize that you will love it that way. Cheers!
Peace. I believe it is forbidden or at least ill advised. I use the Quran to back up my claim. Here are some verses to reflect on: "They question you about strong drink and games of chance. Say: In both is great abuse and usefulness for mankind<SEMCOL> but the abusive side of them is greater than their usefulness." (2. Al-Baqarah :219). "O you who believe! Strong drink and games of chance and idols and divining arrows are only an infamy of Satans handiwork. Leave it aside in order that ye may succeed." (5. Al Ma idah: 90). "Forbidden unto you are carrion and blood and swine-flesh.... (5. Al Ma idah: 3). Alcohol used for medicinal purposes or alcohol that burns off during the cook process is different from alcoholic drink taken for recreation or intoxication. God even advises us in the first verse that there is more ill in drinking alcohol than there is benefit. However, perhaps the medicinal benefits are important to note? Also, we have the stats in regard to the alcohol related deaths and illnesses. So, its a decision that you have to make based on what the Quran tells you and what the reality of the situation is on the ground. Given this information, Ive come to deduce that its forbidden. Anyway, just my two cents. Peace.
the state makes money and fills prisons because of alcohol
they want what they want.
Wow. If you dont want to marry a woman who drinks alcohol then dont, simple as that. Theres nothing wrong with a woman who does but it seems like youd need lots of convincing to think that so just stick to women who dont drink.
none
Hes mad because he cares. Hes seen how bad he got when he drank and it hurts him seeing someone close to him show him flashbacks of how he used to be. I suppose think about if you used to smoke and then after 5 years of not smoking one of you friends go and smoke right in front of you, knowing you used to be utterly addicted.
It is administered IV in cases of methanol or isopropanol poisoning, or when there is the real risk of fat embolism (long bone fracture) and to prevent delerium temens, the seizure like shaking when someone who is addicted to alcohol goes "cold turkey". That would be bad if someone had a stapled abdominal incision. Better to get them through the surgical procedure and healing, then later, deal with the alcohol abuse. And there are many studies that show moderate consumption of alcohol, red wine in particular, can raise the HDL (or good type) cholesterol, and provides some cardiovascular protection. By moderate, I mean ONE glass (6oz) per day.
Yes. It runs in your familys genes. Not everybody becomes addicted to alcohol. Both sides of my families are hardcore alcoholics<SEMCOL> so it didnt surprise me when I dropped out of school from drinking too much.
No more drunk driving No more drunk driving fatalities No alcohol poisoning No alcoholism No underage drinking citations No more homicides under the influence of alcohol No more domestic violence under the influence of alcohol Less child abuse Less spouse abuse Less teenage accidents and aggressiveness
It has been proven that alcohol abuses (especially when it leads to blackout) lower IQ permenatly among women.
Drinking while youre so young has too many risks. Its fine to experience it later. It would be better to wait it out until college but best would be after you graduate. You dont want alcohol to screw with you school work because it might screw up your whole life. I think its wrong for your friends to judge those people who drink, its kinda mean.
none
Those alcohols were real ale but they just called it ale. They also had whisky, cider, and mead. Wine wasnt common but sometimes a fruit wine could be found.
Addiction is something that cant be forcefully stopped. The addict has to decide it herself or himself to bring it to an end. Trying to forcefully stop an addict would only worsen the situation and may result in physical injury to someone. The best one can do is hope and pray. And since you are 13, concentrate on your studies and take care of the younger ones. Leave the elders alone, let them have their space, they must be having their own little troubles Keep the faith, keep safe.
From my own personal experience, Id say the main factor of teen alcohol abuse in the US is for the sake of it being taboo. In European countries, there are little or no drinking age requirements and its rare over there for kids to abuse alcohol. There are some countries with no drinking age that dont even have a word in their language to describe a hangover. Also peer pressure is a big factor too.
people have said to me that i have a problem with alcohol and am an alcoholic but i still drink and get drunk (alone more than socially and when im at the bar i go alone and only start talking to people once im tipsy (i blackout lots as well EVERY TIME i get drunk) also several generations in my family are alcoholics, i have no real friends but that wont stop me from getting drunk :) i also hide lots of my beers and sometimes liquor bottles in my basement and drink out of my dads liquor cabinet ETC, i have driven drunk over 30 times easily and last time i got drunk the police gave me a ride home (twice in two months) i wasnt arrested or anything lol, but i also drink to get drunk and HATE being sober! i also try to sell things just so i can drink more (secretly which i do lots) my personality also changes quite a bit when im drunk but i like my drunk self better! i think it really does show who you REALLY are whether im depressed when i get drunk or in a silly i dont give a **** about life mood, im not at all ambitious or have no plans for my future (im 21, male almost 22) been drinking for four years, im also on a tight budget i work part time and can only spend 40 dollars a week but i spend ALL of it on booze and more than 40 dollars all on booze lol, so yes i have a drinking problem i dont know if you do but my dad said to me i would hate to lose you from drinking but im still drinking, i also have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder/addictive personality, although recently i have felt both cheerful and depressed every time i get drunk and have imagined faces looking at me after drinking and my hands do shake a little as well sometimes so i dont know how im going to get more drinks but i WILL somehow! hahaha :) i also think/talk about alcohol a lot at wrok with co-workers i talk about alcohol lots down theyre necks ect, and im obsessed over alcohol! even co-workers have called me an alcoholic, i got drunk on saturday and apparently had sixteen beers :) but because i black out so much i do not remember lol i get drunk WEEKLY! and blackout weekly and drink alone weekly and hide my drinks weekly ect! :) so i think someone like me who drinks to get drunk, drinking when depressed, and craves it cconstantly, thinks about it lots, hates being sober, genetics like i said i have and you DO NOT have to drink/get drunk every day to be a real alcoholic, yes there are alcoholics that do that but like the previous answer said you dont have to drink often to have a problem with alcohol :)
Alcohol damages the function of the liver and in many cases can lead to death. Usually an alcohol abusers liver will be yellow or green. Many people do not know that alcohal is actually a poison, thats why when people drink to much they vomit. The stomach is trying to evacuate the alcohal because its not supposed to be there. This substance kills thousands upon thousands of brain cells causing severe issues such as memory loss. Memory loss can make it harder to communicate with others. In some cases when alcoholics can not get a hold of some type of alcohol they suffer from what is known as "alcohal withdrawl." Because an alcoholics body is not recieveing the substance that it is used to having in it not drinking alcohol can possibly lead to death. Its very addictive. Thats why a lot of alcoholics end up being alcoholics for years and years. Drugs are an equal equivalent to the damages that alcohol can cause. When you smoke drugs you are somehow strangely stimulating your mind and body. Even though this sounds good it can be very deadly. When one becomes too stimulated theyll become incohersive, their blood flow will slow and ultimately their heart will shut down and stop beating. Smoking also causes a variety of health issues such as asthma, emphasema and cancer not to mention that drugs are highly addictive. The substance will turn your eyes yellow, your hair and clothes will smell like it including your house and car, and sadly your hair and fingernails will not grow. Like alcohol drug addicts can also suffer fatal causes from "drug withdrawl." Its best for us all just stay away from these things.
While it is legal, it is also a controlled substance (hense, not for sale to minors or durring certain hours) and over consumption is also illegal (drunk driving, public intoxication, etc). Alcohol use and abuse has a long history in every culture. Use is not really the problem, behavior (abuse) and addiction are the real problem. Alcohol is not the only substance that can cause violet behavior, organ damage, and/or impaired functioning. Its also not the only thing out there that is abused or addictive. To really stop the problems associated with alcohol one would need to change the cultural idolization of its use, not try to make it illegal. When we stop thinking we need it to have a good time, we can still drive home later :-)
Absinth - Its made from wormwood and its abuse is rumored to have driven Edgar Allen Poe crazy. A thimble-full can knock your socks off. The "real" thing is actually illegal in some countries... including the US. It tastes like licorice at first... until your taste buds go numb, that is.
People drink alcohol for many reasons... - Drinking for entertainment. - Drinking to forget. - Drinking because their friends do it. - Drinking because its apparently "cool" to do so. - Drinking because theyre tired of life. - Drinking to relax after a bad or tiring day. And so on...
he will have to talk to a lawyer
As a measure allegedly designed to deal with drunken young louts who plague our town and city centres weekend in, weekend out, it could not be wider of the target. On as point of principle no-one should be expected to pay what amounts to a fine because of the behaviour of others. Practically, the 40p per unit wont deter the kids one bit: they have the money and no responsibility. It will affect those who are responsible drinkers and do not go out causing trouble. I regard it therefore as vindictive, sloppy and lazy. There already exists a law preventing the sale of alcohol to a person who is already drunk. If these kids are already tanked up when they arrive at the clubs then they should not be served. That law was designed expressly to stop people becoming so in their cups that they become out of control. It should be enforced. It should not be rocket science - those who rule us seem to have little difficulty in enforcing many other laws of the land, why should this one be any different? The job is made easier because the location of the kiddie bars and clubs are well-known. Unless, of course, the intention is different to that claimed like it routinely is with tobacco. Dont you just love their pious expressions as they pick our pockets saying its for our healths sake? As to who gets the extra money I suppose it will be a mix of retailer and government, I dont know. That has not been made clear yet to my knowledge. As a measure for dealing with alcoholics it will also surely fail. We all know that addicts of anything always find a way, be it going without something else, like food, or resorting to crime. If the EU do force an about-face then I might be persuaded to change my view on our continuing membership. But it is another example of how modern life has so few smiles on its face.
No, as alcohol addicts and so it has an inelatic demand in which the percentage decrease in quantity will be less than the quantity increase in price.When theres a price floor on alcohol, the price would certainly increase however ,due to the elasticity of demand of alcohol, the quantity will not decrease a lot and hence I think that a price floor is not a useful way to reduce alcohol consumption. Hope it helps:)
Ok so 15 is kinda young to start but ya its my the peer pressure that gotme, it was the curiosity! Thats te only thing they dont teach in health. Id say if youre smart enough and strong enough to know when to stop, go ahead. But if you fall victim o fun things, youll get addicted
Yes, you are right - It is sad. And who the hell says that alcohol solves problems? And who the hell says that alcohol is cool? And who the hell says that alcohol doesn  t make addicted? I don  t drink alcohol that much - only a glas of wine with friends but I am aware of the danger and many good people suffers of alcohol addiction.
The disease is far advanced at 10% and in time this person would certainly need a liver transplant to stay alive long term. I had cirrhosis from an autoimmune disease. There are quite a number of reasons for getting cirrhosis which includes what I have along with alcohol abuse. When I was first diagnosed, I was told I had only 10% function left and my transplant doctors gave me an estimate of 5 years before it would kill me. They also told me that the last year would not be a good one. This does not mean that someone who has alcohol abuse would also last 5 years because the reasons for having the disease are different from one another. A lot would depend on whether or not this person continues to drink and whether or not they take care of themselves. If they continue to drink, it can greatly shorten the time left since the person is constantly causing more and more scar tissue to form with their alcohol intake. It is different for everyone as to how much their body can tolerate from the already damaged organ. At 10%, the person should be showing physical signs of having cirrhosis such as fluid retention, easy to bruise, clotting times not normal, are at a risk for internal bleeding, jaundice, fatigue, and possible confusion at times. They might not experience all these, but at least some of them. The symptoms just get worse and worse as time goes on.
Your body mass index is 25.8 and you are overweight. Your blood pressure reading is 144/89 mmHg. You have got stage 1 hypertension (mild) and isolated systolic hypertension. Isolated systolic hypertension, however, is defined as a systolic pressure that is above 140 mm Hg with a diastolic pressure that still is below 90. Your pulse pressure is 144 -- 89 = 55 mmHg. Optimum pulse pressure is 40 mmHg. Pulse pressure > 40 mmHg is abnormal. Alcohol abuse can lead to two major, long-term medical problems: * Cirrhosis (tissue scarring) of the liver with gastrointestinal bleeding, liver failure, and death. * Cardiovascular diseases: A major medical consequence of alcoholism is a persons much greater risk for brain attacks (stroke). Alcoholism can cause alcoholic cardiomyopathy and heart disease associated with high blood pressure. Other medical problems associated with alcoholism:-- * Depression of the central nervous system. * Degeneration of brain with loss of coordination and emotional stability. * Addiction to tranquilizers to treat emotional instability. * Physical damage in motor-vehicle crashes. * Increased risk of suicide and homicide. * Increased risk of unplanned pregnancy and STDs. * Giving birth to a baby with fetal -alcohol syndrome, stunted growth, mental retardation. * Poor nutrition from irritated liver and GI tract. * Loss of sex drive. * Neglect of food intake and physical appearance. * Sleep loss. * Severe inflammation of the pancreas with severe abdominal pain and nausea. * Increased incidence of cancer. (A drinker is six times more likely to get mouth and throat cancer as compared to a nondrinker.) Lifestyle changes can help you control and prevent high blood pressure     even if youre taking blood pressure medication. Heres what you can do:-- * Eat healthy foods. * Decrease the salt in your diet. * Maintain a healthy weight. * Increase physical activity. * Limit alcohol. * Dont smoke. * Manage stress. * Monitor your blood pressure at home. * Practice relaxation or slow, deep breathing. Adopt DASH diet (Mediterranean diet). Eat a low-cholesterol, low-fat diet, which includes cottage cheese, fat-free milk, fish, vegetables, poultry, and egg whites. Use monounsaturated oils such as olive, peanut, and canola oils or polyunsaturated oils such as corn, safflower, soy, sunflower, cottonseed, and soybean oils. Avoid foods with excess fat in them such as meat (especially liver and fatty meat), egg yolks, whole milk, cream, butter, shortening, pastries, cakes, cookies, gravy, peanut butter, chocolate, olives, potato chips, coconut, cheese (other than cottage cheese), coconut oil, palm oil, and fried foods.
What drugs do when they are abused, especially over a long period of time, is basically deplete your body of essential nutrients and electrolytes. The reason you still feel a little "hung over" even though you might not have used in days is because your body is craving those essentials to make it better again. Basically, eat right and get some good sleep and you should recover within the next few days to maybe a week or two depending on how long youve been using. If this was just a weekend binge, you should recover pretty quickly. If youve been using for years, it will take much longer to fully recover and the longer you stay away from the alcohol especially, the more you might crave it. This too will eventually go away and you can regain a normal life. Just remember, the more you use the harder it is to recover. Its just a consequence of your actions.
Any mood-altering substance can be unhealthy, whether in moderation or not. Alcohol is just as bad as any illegal drug when abused: it destroys health, family, life... like any addiction, its a bad thing. Thats an extreme case, of course. In moderation, its not horribly unhealthy and can have positive effects. From a purely personal point of view, Ive seen alcohol destroy more people and do more damage than illegal drugs, though the latter are certainly more dramatic.
It is true that the liver can regenerate and heal itself, but it cannot do this when permanent liver damage such as cirrhosis is present. Cirrhosis occurs when healthy liver tissue is replaced with scar tissue which doesnt allow the blood to flow through the liver like it should. Alcohol abuse can cause this scar tissue to form in people because alcohol is a toxic substance to the liver. When people drink much more than the body can handle on a regular basis, then the liver will get a lot of inflammation. Over time this inflammation can lead to liver cells dying and scar tissue forms. It takes many years of alcohol abuse for this to happen, but everyone is different as to how much alcohol abuse their body can take before scar tissue begins to form. The liver is slowly dying as more and more scar tissue forms. Cirrhosis is permanent damage that never goes away and does not get better no matter what you do. For the most part, this whole process is silent with the person not knowing any damage is being done until the liver failure is far advanced. By the time any physical signs show up such as jaundice or fluid retention, the disease is far advanced by then. So to answer your question, you never want to get to the point of having a cirrhotic liver from alcohol abuse and you just dont know when it goes from just being some inflammation to being scar tissue. At first the liver will become enlarged, but as time goes on and more damage occurs, the liver will then start to shrink up and get very small as it dies. I have seen people get cirrhosis from daily heavy alcohol abuse all the way to binge drinking on weekends. Everyone is different as to their time frame for getting permanent damage. If the liver was able to regenerate as you thought, then no one would ever need a liver transplant unless they had an accident that suddenly killed it. Lots of people need liver transplant for cirrhosis and there are many things that can cause cirrhosis to form with alcohol abuse just being one of them.
Nope, it it were that simple, kids all across the country would be showing up for their drug tests under the influence. The only thing that can get the THC out of your system is time and here are some facts as to the length it will take. Marijuana has a half-life in your system. How long it takes to leave your system depends on how much you smoke. But the time maxes out at around 45 days. One smoking session for someone with a clean system takes about 3-4 days to be clean. Smoke 2 days later and then have to wait about a week, and so on. The time it will take roughly doubles every time you smoke until it maxes at about 45 days to be clean. So if you are maxed out and you wait about 2 weeks and then smoke again, youre basically back to 45 days. Marijuana can be detected in urine for nearly a week after smoking. Blood tests can be more accurate, and it might take a month to be totally clear. Hair tests show every drug ever taken when that hair was growing - this is why you see so many drug addicts with shaved heads or buzz cuts, by the way. Also by the way: taking laxatives and drinking wacky chemicals wont "cheat" a drug test. It will just make you go to the bathroom! These drug tests are designed by experts who anticipate what the drug user might do. Be very careful of "remedies" for getting around drug tests. They flat out do not work and could do damage to your body.
I never droped out and I thought it was the pot heads who had a high drop out rate.
I suggest you type "alcohol overdose statistics" into the SEARCH box at the top of the page. That is how I found this link: http://www.alcohol-abuse-info.com/
none
Alcohol when abused can be very damaging, life threatening and fatal, just like non prescription drugs. I dont have resources or facts, but more first & second hand experience with alcohol.. AND illegal street drugs. I still think alcohol when compared to some of those heavy drugs out there, is not as damaging and is often times safer than getting high off a line, an injection of lethal fluid or a big hit from some smoking device. To start, it is manufactured! And made in a factory or winehouse (or wherever alcohol is produced), not an abandoned house in the projects, an addicts kitchen or in the middle of a desert with a spoon. Not to mention its also produced in a clean work place with clean tools/utinsils (spelling?) Its also more "carefully" created since employees shouldnt be under the influence of anything at work. Where as, in a meth lab, or a cooks house, the bakers & chefs are very much under the influence of something(s) while stirring up a batch. You never know what may have accidentily gotten in there, if the dosages & temps are right, or if something was laced. Worse case, a whole batch that had 1 deadly, fatal ingredient accidentily dropped in there, or to pure of a substance was put out in the streets for some addicts enjoyment, and the very first hit, line or injection causes them to just lose their life in an instant. You dont ever want that to happen, and with these drugs being cooked up by addicts themselves in your local neighborhood, you just never know what was really used to create it. Or what exactly you are putting into your body. Alcohol, you cant overdose, but you can definitely get your stomach pumped from over intoxication, KNOW YOUR LIMITS. When drunk, you typically wont remember what happened the next day, and odds are you did a few things that you normally wouldnt. You also lose balance & impair your judgement, sometimes lose self control & more often cant think straight or for yourself. It does internal damage yes, over time. Physical signs varies. Some drugs out there mess you up rather quickly. Alcohol wont kill you in one drink like how some of these drugs will take your life in one small dose. (This isnt too common but it does/can happen). Alcohol also IS NOT associated with a crazy "come down" like some drugs. With alcohol, its typically a hang over, not a come down from being drunk like how its a coming down (coming off) of a high. And usually during a hangover, the person will sleep a very long time, through the next day, wake up a bit drousy, lazy, sore even and a migrain is a common symptom. On a come down, the person may be fiening, & if they need it bad enough, are desperate enough and crazy enough in the head, they will go to quite some length to get their next fix, and addiction is usually expected and very common with using such drugs. Not a vast majority of people will drink alcohol & become dependent of it or addicted, especially their first time, most people get so drunk that the next day they wish they hadnt drank so much and never will again. Also, o a come down, some people are moody, angry, furious, depressed, paranoid, cant or wont sleep, and quickly & easily start or pick a fight, or get into trouble of any kind, also a problem causer. Those illegal street drugs are known to be highly addictive, and its because of that "amazing" high and big rush sensation that brings most people back for more. I hate alcohol, it tastes gross, and Id much rather smoke weed, so someone in my opinion has to have a good tolerance build up for the taste because I dont think just anyone could drink something so foul tasting and smelling on a daily basis, ALL DAY for even years at a time.
Alcohol is a drug, just a legal one. I most certainly believe it should stay legal, but then again I believe all drugs should be legalized, people should have the right to put what they want in their bodies. Honestly, if alcohol hadnt existed for thousands of years, and someone were to invent it now, I think the government would ban it. But alcohol is ingrained into our culture, as well as many other cultures, so the idea of it being completely banned is unlikely to happen. Alcohol isnt without risk though. While safe in moderation, chronic abuse of alcohol can cause severe health problems, as well as mental and physical addiction, same as many illegal drugs. In fact, the physical addiction to alcohol can be so powerful that withdrawal can actually kill you. That cant be said of cocaine and many other illegal drugs. Alcohol can kill you acutely as well as over time, you can overdose on it the same as you can any other drug (besides marijuana, but I wont open that can of worms). Also like illegal drugs, alcohol can lead to you doing things that put you in danger, such as driving while intoxicated, trying reckless stunts, drowning, picking fights, etc. Though not direct effects of the alcohol itself, it does add another element of danger to drinking. But when you compare the percentages of fatalities to users (not the overall number of fatalities) of alcohol to that of many illicit drugs like methamphetamine, heroin, etc, alcohol has a far lower death rate. Some people will tell you that, aside from cigarettes, alcohol kills more people per year than any other drug. And while this is true, its a misuse of statistics, because a far higher percentage of the users of say, meth, die from it in a year than the percentage of the users of alcohol who die from it every year. So while its still a dangerous drug and should be respected as one, alcohol is far safer than many illegal drugs, and for that reason and for the reason of personal rights, it should stay legal.
In the 1920s, the American government attempted to place a ban on alcohol. This act, called the Prohibition Act, had surprising negative affects on society. Definitely do some research on this period to get information supporting your argument. Finding medical reasons why it should be legal might be harder, as the effects of alcohol abuse can be worse than that of even abuse of contraband drugs. Perhaps you could mention that controlled alcohol intake can have a surprisingly positive effect on the brain due to the fact that it kills inert brain cells, which your body will replace with faster ones. Alcohol abuse is one of the few addictions that can be a direct cause of death. If an addict does not get a constant intake of alcohol they could potentially die. Perhaps this could be a blessing in disguise for your argument. If your country were to place a complete ban on alcohol it would effectively result in a death sentence for those currently addicted.
Youre only 15 and you dont want to be weighed down with such a heavy, unhealthy relationship like this. At this time you need to concerntrate fully on your GCSEs as well and this is only distracting you. Be honest and strong and tell him that you just want to focus on your GCSEs at the moment and that you enjoyed your time together but now its time that you both moved on. Tell him to look at the relationship and ask himself if he really is happy because he doesnt seem to be. And dragging you into his unhealthy lifestyle isnt fair. Dont let him emotionally abuse you. It seems he likes to manipulate you. Get out of it now whilst you can. You cant carry on being with this guy just to keep him happy. Tell your parents whats going on and they wont let him anywhere near your house. If he carries on bugging you then tell the police that hes harrasing you. Please try and get out of it! I hope it all goes well x x
You should never try to stop drinking on your own. You can die from quitting drinking (as crazy as that sounds its true). When you are an alcoholic, your brain becomes used to a constant supply of alcohol and the receptors get used to getting a supply of alcohol. When you stop drinking your body has to cope without having the alcohol. The body does not cope well when you take alcohol away from it after you have become dependant or addicted to alcohol. The main problem with what your doing is, once you stop drinking your brain will "freak out". It will want more alcohol and if you do not give it enough to stay supplied, you can have DEADLY seizures, and experience something called DTs or Delerium Tremens. You will hallucinate, see things (unpleasant scary things), you may think there are bugs crawling all over you. You may harm yourself by accident while you are out of control and seeing things. You may harm someone elses. You may have a heart-attack. You should never, ever, ever, stop drinking suddenly, and certainly should not try to wean off of it on your own. You need to see a doctor before you stop drinking. If you stop drinking you are risking serious injury and death to yourself. A doctor will prescribe a sedative, usually a "benzodiazepine" like Chlordiazepoxide (Librium), or Diazepam (Valium), Lorazepam (Ativan), Clonazepam (Klonopin) possibly even a "barbiturate" like Phenobarbital. Some other possible treatments could be Meprobamate or Chloral Hydrate, but that would be pretty rare. If you have Valium or Ativan or Klonopin, or any other Benzodiazepine or medication I listed, do not try to use them to wean yourself off of alcohol. The dosing has to be correct and only a trained physician will be able to prescribe the correct amount of medication. A doctor needs to know exactly how much you drink, how often, the strength etc. Tell your doctor when you cease drinking you shake (tremor), and feel weak, and intense feelings of anxiety or whatever else you feel. Please do not run out of alcohol, if you have no way to get more. Save a few for the next day if you can or go out tomorrow and get more if that is your usual thing. Continue what youve been comfortable with. Dont drink so much you get hammered, but drink enough you are not feeling shakey, tightness in your head, weakness etc. Basically maintain the level of alcohol you have been using recently and do not change it until you talk to a doctor. If a doctor tells you to quit cold turkey I would be very hesitant to take that information. I would get a second opinion. The only way a doctor is going to tell you to stop cold turkey or wean down using alcohol is if they dont think you have been drinking long enough to become addicted (it takes only 1 month to become totally dependant after drinking everyday, sometimes less time) Or, if you only drink once a week, I doubt they are going to wean you off alcohol with sedatives. If you are a daily drinker, have been drinking long enough to get withdrawal when you dont drink, have to drink to feel "normal" or avoid shaking etc, your doctor should treat you with medication of some sort. After you are SAFELY weaned off of alcohol using medication, a doctor will possibly suggest you take something like Antabuse (Disulfiram). Its a medication you take, that prevents you from enjoying alcohol. Basically you take the medication everyday, and if you drink you get so sick that you never will even try to drink again while on Antabuse. Making someone take antabuse everyday is the hard part since you may want to go back to drinking once you are stopped. Anyways, you need to see a doctor before you even consider stopping drinking. Do not try to do it on your own you are risking your life and you will never be able to tell a seizure or hallucination or DTs are about to happen and it only takes 1 alcohol related seizure to kill you.
There is no such guarantee. There is however strong evidence that addiction of the abuse of alcohol resides in your genetics. It may be a risk to drink but then so much of life is a risk. If you are interested in drinking alcohol give it a try. You might do well to have friends aware of your family condition and ask them to be support for you.
In order to become addicted to something, you have to enjoy it enough to allow yourself to depend on it for your happiness. You are fortunate that drunkenness doesnt do that for you. I suspect you would find opiates the same. In any case, experimenting with heroin or methadone is reckless<SEMCOL> death from accidental overdose is a real possibility with intravenous drugs. Cocaine is practically the definition of euphoria - it directly stimulates pleasure centers in your brain. Do it often enough, though, and you will find you cant experience pleasure in any other way, and eventually youll need coke just to feel OK. Seeking well-being through drugs is a fools pursuit - if you actually find a drug that does that for you you will eventually regret it, unless you find the willpower to turn away from it.
Yes, because when youre addicted to something. That means thats the only thing that can give you happiness,nothing else can make you that happy ever. Like when youre addicted to drugs, during the initial stage your receptors work properly i.e they are transmitted from one neuron to the other, imagine two pipes in front of you separated by a very small distance, theyre neurons. a ball is thrown from one pipe to other, thats your impulse,it tells the brain how good youre feeling. When you do a lot of drugs or anything else, the other pipe gets blocked and the impulse doesnt flow forward. Thus your brain feels less high. And so, for you to feel a high, that happiness, you need it( here it is the addiction) to feel normal. Hence your brain reacts in that way.
Alcohol Tolerance tends to be an indicator that you have the genetics for addiction. Blacking out when drinking also tends to be an indicator. Addiction IS GENETIC and the eaisest way to determine if you have the genetics is to see if there is addiction in your family of origin. Mom, Dad, Aunt, Uncle, Grandma, Grandpa... While its possible to not see addiction in your family of origin because you were raised in it so you consider things that are abusive and highly unhealthy to be "Normal", if you take a step out and look at your family as if a stranger, youre bound to find it if it is there. Addiction has nothing to do with the amount or even how often you use... Addiction is defined by the inability to stop doing something despite mounting negative consequences. Lets go over the consequences you have presented in your post: 1. You binge drink severely unhealthy amounts of alcohol. 2. Your co-workers, people that shouldnt see you wasted, see that what you are doing is unhealthy. 3. You drink severely unhealthy amounts of alcohol then get behind the wheel of a car. YOU may think youre not impaired but that is a distortion of your perceptions, not that youre actually driving safely. Again, it doesnt matter how often you drink, just that you are bingeing unhealthy amounts and doing it to the point where it is obviously unhealthy to others. People with horrific meth addiction only do meth about 3 times a week... Meth addicts cant comprehend that just because theyre not doing it 24/7 doesnt mean that it isnt a PROFOUND and horrifically deadly addiction. Same for people that smoke crack or do cocaine... 3 times a week is the AVERAGE amount that a full blown addict does. Im not saying that you are an addict... Im just letting you know that from your post, the potential that you are is there so you need to take the blinders off, stop justifying unhealthy behaviors, and keep an eye on your usage and THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR USE.
Its called therapy and getting your sh*t together. People develop addictions because theyre using whatever theyre using to cope with something. Always emotions of some sort. For example, if you were abused as a kid, you may become an alcoholic to numb yourself of the emotional pain and never think about it. Though that usually backfires when you become addicted to something like that, because alcohol makes your emotions come out worse, and you can be deceived into just thinking youre feeling better, when really, youre not, and have to become blackout drunk all the time, destroying your body in the process. Thats how people develop addictions to hard drugs. They gotta find the strongest thing to take the pain away. Anyway. If you just deal with your crap and get your life together, and figure out how to handle your emotions the right way, you can still live a successful life. You just need to be aware of this and have the proper tools to handle it in the right way. AA is not the only thing for alcoholics. In fact, I dont even like AA. I dont think it truly works. In fact, I think AA just makes these problems worse. They just make you put all your problems into God instead of taking responsibility for your own actions. You do have the power to overcome your "disease" you just need to know how. Youre not powerless. By the way, Im not blowing smoke outta my @ss. Im an addict myself, and suffer from depression. The difference is though, I just know whats going on. I deal with my stuff by fixing what is bothering me. If something is making me depressed or Im wanting to not deal with something, so I turn to drugs, I know I have to turn around and deal with it. Dealing with things and fixing them is the only way. Or else youre just doomed to live a life of full blown addiction and covering it up so you dont have to deal with the pain. You need to make plans, get off your @ss, and live your life. Fix your problems. They wont fix themselves.
Heres the nice thing about them being 26 and 21: theyre adults. They follow your rules or they go without whatever help and support youre providing. Trust me, you have the ultimate control of this situation.
32 years dry. Trust me you have a problem. Programs abound. However the path you take is your decision. Most find they can not break the bonds of enslavement alone. I did. You have to want to quit as much as you want to drink. When that happens you and all of your loved ones win.
What Elle said is mostly correct but its not strictly one hour for one unit as people are all different, some take shorter/longer time than others. I too had an alcoholic mother and I know what like it is to live with someone who has a drink problem. Denial is the most common thing and in my case, just like you are saying about your family, my dad tried to convince himself she wasnt drinking. Is your mum on any other medication? Often this can make matters a thousand times worse. My mother was on nerve tablets and it could be so difficult to know when she was telling the truth as in she had or she hadnt alcohol. I dont know what age you are but drink can cause so much unhappiness. It ruined my childhood and teenage years. If I invited anyone to the house I was on absolute knife edge. Despite all the promises I can recall at my engagement party my mother was in the bedroom absolutely blotto! When I then got married I still dreaded her drinking. One day I got a call she had been found on the street and taken to hospital (only in til she sobered up) and suddenly it was like a tremendous weight off my chest that I had my own home and away from it all. It made me guilty feeling like this but it really was true. I tell you all this just to let you know that although the senarios may be different I know what youre going through. As you get older the resentment goes to a certain extent, you forgive, you show more empathy but in my case the scar is still there. You need to realise that the person must WANT to stop drinking to do anything about it. You can plead, you can shout, you can threaten, you can empower them in to action and in turn the promises will come the person will seek help, even perhaps attempt to go for counselling or to meetings but if they are doing it for YOU or someone other than themselves it wont work. Sorry, I have somewhat lost track of your original question but just wanted you to know many others know what you are going through. I dont know the answer about the blood test which I know you must be frustrated about but think about it, if you want her to have a retest she isnt going to agree to it if she knows shes had alcohol. Your grandmother probably means well but I would go with what the GP says. Take care.
There are not many pro  s to consume alcohol - but it is a part of "our" culture and history. Only a few can handle alcohol. Too many get addicted and destroy their organs. You can enjoy a glass of beer or wine but too many get drunk and become violent and unpredictable.
It is your body trying to tell you that if you dont stop being stupid you are going to die. Soon. Quit the booze and drugs and tobacco, or DIE. Its as simple as that.
I will make this short and sweet. I did an article about this topic. The website is below. I am a alcoholic. I have been sober for a little over two years. I hope you find this site informative. If you do please tweet, facebook, etc the site. Have a great day! ??
Sally your mom problem looks deeper than drinking.something make your mom to drink and find confort in alcohol. You will need to find out what happened and then to tell her in person how much shes hurting you. Recording the mes is good. But you will need to have alot of calm when you talk with her and remember that most of the alcoholic dont admit having a addiction. The changes shes gonna need to make it.
none
Your reasoning is better than his. If he is concerned about his reputation, it is better to be known as a recovering alcoholic that a wet drunk. The well-known 12-step program for recovery, has physician-only closed meetings to protect his anonymity. The New York AMA board is certain to have guidelines concerning substance abuse and retaining ones license.
For the same reason I spend thousands of dollars a month on my personal addictions like coffee and soda and other things that probably arent the best for me. Because theyre guilty pleasures in life and maybe emotional crutches in a sense, but mostly just guilty pleasures. You ask whats the point of drinking the same way Im sure people ask whats the point of an activity that you particularly enjoy. Just because you dont understand the appeal of it doesnt mean its bad it just means its something not for you. As long as people arent engaging in destructive behavior because of their vices (and vices arent just limited to drugs and alcohol, you can destroy yourself with any number of things with junk or fast food being the first that comes to mind. Ive also seen people destroy themselves financially with addictions to buying stuff like clothing or shoes or I knew one person who was addicted to online shopping), and their lives arent adversely effected by it then really who are you to judge them?
Its not, Alcohol actually has health-properties if it doesnt get abused(1-3 drinks a day). It reduces the risks of brain-disease, lowers the pressure on your Cardiovascular system, lowers the risks of a couple of serious Cancers, and reduces the risk of depression. So its completely different than youre making it out to be. Cigarettes, and Weed are similarly harmfull, and should also be treated similarly. Weed has a good property, that its a great pain-relief of course, so thats an advantage over the cigarette. Research has already shown that legalizing weed, wont change much in how many people use, and the effects on society, so itll just reduce crime, and increase taxable goods. If you wanna fight ignorance, to legalize weed, dont use propaganda, because if youre not telling the truth, most people will ignore your point completely.
Actually there are a wide array of things humans can get addicted to. First off though, ignorance is bliss, and that speaks magnitudes of why people can get addicted as well. Pretty much, you can get addicted to anything that makes you feel good. You can get addicted to even food, sun tanning, etc... Alcohol is probably easier to get addicted to than say food or sun tanning, because it relaxes your muscles, makes you feel really good, and is a social interacting drug.
Do you have any idea how many times this question has been asked here? Thats why they have a category called Discover, where you can get quick answers to frequently asked questions. I heartily recommend that you check it out.
Look as a person who deals with addicts as a profession I can tell you that in some cases moderate alcohol use can actually INCREASE anxiety levels. But this is not universal either. Alcohol is basically a downer. It suppresses the central nervous system and inhibits normal brain function - slows it down. For most people, a few drinks makes them feel relaxed, at ease, more socially open, more fun to be around even. And in moderation, this is not a bad thing. People who are prone to anxiety though, when alcohol enters their body it, not necessarily the conscious part, can still see that as a threat or unwanted change to the body and this can trigger anxiety or even panic. Of course, if you drink enough, eventually youll be so sedated it wont matter what your body thinks. However it is a terrible idea to try to deal with your anxiety with alcohol. There are a number of therapies out there, that might cost money now but will save your life overall. If your anxiety is severe, get on medication. I would still try therapy over alcohol/drugs first.
Weed is not "a gateway drug" that is bullshit. People who do hard drugs would have done them anyway. Obviously people who smoke weed are more likey to do hard drugs, because they are people who like doing drugs, thats why they smoked weed in the first place. Saying weed leads to other drugs is like saying nachos are a gateway to corn chips. yes both are bad for you but alcohol is much worse. Im not biased, I drink and smoke. Nobody has gone crazy from smoking weed, thats bs too. Weed is the least dangerous drug there is.
The world favors death over life.
Sometimes people who have had it with seeing their loved-one drink (any substance abuse) to excess will arrange an Intervention, where all of the alcoholics friends, family, co-workers, neighbors, etc., will get together and sit him/her down to hear what everyone has to say. Everyone says their peace and explains to the person in question they care about him/her..that the drinking/drugs/gambling/whatever has become so out of hand that they wrangled everyone together to force them to listen..once and for all..to what everyone has to say. These Interventions are traditionally followed by the loved-ones insisting he/she check into rehab or they are driven (sometimes by force) to an AA Meeting..and then taken directly to rehab/treatment. This is far better than when this is a result of the person drinking and driving/causing an accident, etc. If the authorities are arresting the person, and that means jail time, and forced treatment/rehab..then its going to go down much harder. But sometimes (more the exception vs the rule) people refuse to admit that they have a problem. Let me guess: The problem is YOU and your Mum..right..? Of course. EVERYTHiNG in his life is someone elses fault..right..? Its never him. Drunks are basically selfish, self-centered, and self-motivated people, whore self-medicating. They feel unfulfilled, unworthy, depressed..(you name it) and consume substances/alcohol to feel better. Problem is<SEMCOL> alcohol is a depressant. If one is clinically depressed, or feeling miserable, then the booze will create more problems and the vicious cycle begins. David Hasselhoffs kids video taped him while he was extremely intoxicated and I suppose thats one way you could get your point across. If hes routinely drunk, disorderly, obnoxious, mean, nasty, cranky, cruel, etc..then secretly tape him when hes in that condition a few times. Get your Mum (and whomever is still around whos willing to put up with him when hes drunk) and together show him the tapes of what hes like when hes under the influence. He is an alcoholic..but no one can MAKE another stop drinking..they have to want it them self. You can lead a horse to water..yadayadayada. Soon enough, his behavior whilst under the influence will start to negatively affect his life (work, friends, family) and hell have to make some changes. All you can do is let him know you arent going to take a blind eye anymore..and you arent willing to pretend it isnt a problem. Stand your ground. Have courage and faith. People can change if they want to change. Hopefully hell get it, sooner than later. Watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=pla   
Your stuck with friends that are a bad influence. Thats what you need to change. Although it may be uncomfortable at first, you can get with new people. There are a variety of recovery groups that have both physical meetings and online participation. The only one that I would advise against for you is Alcoholics Anonymous, mostly because it still has a lot of traditionalist that tend to verbally abuse people with multiple drug problems. But, there are many others. Addicts Anonymous, Drugs Anonymous, Narcotics Anonymous. If your not comfortable with the 12 step methodology of those groups, no problem, there are alternatives I.E. Secular Organizations for Sobriety (SOS) is one, Smart Recovery is another. One way or another, get with people that dont use drugs or alcohol. Your friends that still do drugs or alcohol are a stumbling block, even the ones that mean well, they are dangerous to you.
none
Nope. Heres the difference, Alcohol companies have to give a good portion of their money to the government. Do you know any drug dealers that would be willing to do that? Maybe you do, but none of mine would. On top of that, most of them are close friends, and if drugs are legalized, then they go broke. Besides, especially here in America, we have too many dumbasses that would abuse drugs beyond belief, leading to even more crime.
Well if he is saying that he goes home and drinks by himself then yes he probably is drinking, I am unsure of your question, are you asking if it sounds like he is still drinking? Yes. Is it a problem? Maybe. I have been in recovery from alcoholism for 3 years now, so I know a little about it, but I highly doubt anyone around me had any doubt I was drinking, if he is acting in these ways and you are not smelling alcohol or seeing him drinking (could be in another container) then there is a possibility it is another drug, prescription drugs are certainly moving up on the list of popularity. Have you tried sitting him down and just asking him? Try not to sound like you are judging him or attacking him or he will be on the defensive, just explain that he doesnt seem like himself and that you are wondering what is going on and if you can help in any way.... Best wishes to both of you
Why do you drink 12 beers per night? Why not three? I bet you didnt start out drinking a dozen beers a day when you first began drinking, and its only a matter of time before youre drinking more than 12 in a 24 hour period. Moreover, your rules about what time you drink and whether you drive drunk are likely to undergo change as your alcohol use increases. The handwriting is on the wall.
I would rather smell smell cigarette smoke than nasty pot. Marijuana permanently alters you mind. Jaycee dugards abductors smoked it for years. If you read her memoir you will see the messed up s*** they did to an eleven year old girl while high. Its also a gateway drug. So no, the only thing that makes sense is to keep it illegal and crack down on it more.
The effects of alcohol wear off after a goodnights rest, however it is possible to wind up addicted and, if you drank too much at once, you could end up with alcohol poisoning. This would result in permanent physical harm, like a faulty liver. If you drink responsibly, however, the effects of alcoholism are minor and momentary.
You have listed many specific examples of irratic behaviour. These could be caused by a relapse into drug and alcohol abuse. However, you mentioned a bad breakup. Could he possibly suffering from depression? You need to have a serious talk with him, and be supportive<SEMCOL> dont ask in an accusing or disapproving manner. Depression can very well cause many of the symptoms you listed. Good luck with your friend.
Everyone is different, so it is hard to know how long you can drink before you do permanent damage to your body. Some people have one drink and have a reaction to it and die. Some people drink and kill someone else in a vehicle accident. Here is something to think about... your body does not want alcohol. Your body sees alcohol as a poison, and the dizziness, mood altering and other symptoms of drinking is your body reacting to poisoning. It can disguise itself by feeling good, but the reality is that your body is trying to tell you that something is wrong, and your brain is not functioning properly. The only way to stop drinking is to STOP DRINKING. No more excuses, no more blame, no more looking at the past. Be responsible for your actions and CHOOSE NOT TO drink. It is as simple as that. Are you stronger than a little bit of liquid? Of course you are. Drinking never made anyone a better person, a happy person, a successful person, a good person.... and no matter how you try to justify it, drinking does nothing for you either. Just stop. You dont need it. It does not have a magical hold on you. YOU are the only one raising the glass to your mouth and YOU must CHOOSE to stop. So stop. Right now. There is no magic pill to make it easy. Stop feeling sorry for yourself and go out and see how beautiful the world is and do something with the life you have been given. You are young and you can have anything, do anything. So many people would give anything to be free and young and healthy like you are right now. Go out and make every day count. Start RIGHT NOW.
Generally a person drives drunk 80 times before getting caught the first time. By then they have quite an alcohol problem. A person without an alcohol problem doesnt need alcohol - so 12 months off is no problem. A person who must consume alcohol will drink and then get caught. But, when you get caught they will help you but putting you in the in-patient program. The key of the program is not punishment but it is that you will get the substance abuse program that will ultimately save your life.
No, but tattoo artists being filthy drug addicts is common. You cannot lose consciousness because of exposure to rubbing alcohol. He was using something else that caused him to black out.
Generally, addicts never stop unless they themselves want to. What people do wrong is to hide it and cover up their bad habits and things that they do that causes problems. If he needs more alcohol, let him get his own. If he gets arrested, let him sit in the tank till he sobers up. People that do all kinds of things that only enable addicts are considered co-dependents because what you are doing only enables the person to continue to be an addict. Unless he wants to stop drinking, not much anyone can do. Sorry. Good Luck !!
Both Xanax   (alprazolam) and alcohol are central nervous system depressants (also known as CNS depressants), which means they can both slow the activity of the brain. Drinking alcohol while you are taking Xanax may increase your risk of serious reactions. It is not recommended that you drink alcohol while on Xanax. Additionally, many people with mental illness are recommended to avoid alcohol. You may also be more sensitive to the effects of alcohol if you are taking Xanax. You may not be able to safely drink as much alcohol as you are used to drinking in the past. Xanax and Alcohol Side Effects Drinking alcohol while taking Xanax may increase your risk of certain Xanax side effects, such as:    Drowsiness    Dizziness    Problems with coordination    Unusual behavior    Memory problems. It may also slow both the heart rate and breathing, which can cause you to pass out or have difficulty breathing -- and may even lead to death. Xanax is approved to treat anxiety and panic disorder. Generally, it is best for people with mental illnesses (such as anxiety) to avoid drinking alcohol. Alcohol may worsen mental illness and is often a form of "self-medication." Additionally, people with an alcohol abuse problem may be more likely to abuse Xanax. Source(s): emedtv.com
Both Xanax   (alprazolam) and alcohol are central nervous system depressants (also known as CNS depressants), which means they can both slow the activity of the brain. Drinking alcohol while you are taking Xanax may increase your risk of serious reactions. It is not recommended that you drink alcohol while on Xanax. Additionally, many people with mental illness are recommended to avoid alcohol. You may also be more sensitive to the effects of alcohol if you are taking Xanax. You may not be able to safely drink as much alcohol as you are used to drinking in the past. Xanax and Alcohol Side Effects Drinking alcohol while taking Xanax may increase your risk of certain Xanax side effects, such as:    Drowsiness    Dizziness    Problems with coordination    Unusual behavior    Memory problems. It may also slow both the heart rate and breathing, which can cause you to pass out or have difficulty breathing -- and may even lead to death. Xanax is approved to treat anxiety and panic disorder. Generally, it is best for people with mental illnesses (such as anxiety) to avoid drinking alcohol. Alcohol may worsen mental illness and is often a form of "self-medication." Additionally, people with an alcohol abuse problem may be more likely to abuse Xanax. Source(s): emedtv.com
There is nothing wrong with drinking alcohol unless it is in excess. Smoking can be very addicting and usually starts when a person is young when most of us make mistakes.
I agree with Jamie, if you are not getting the answer you want to get, it probably is a sign that this is not safe and everyone knows it. You need to really consider your health. You might want to live for something in the future. Take care. Both Xanax   (alprazolam) and alcohol are central nervous system depressants (also known as CNS depressants), which means they can both slow the activity of the brain. Drinking alcohol while you are taking Xanax may increase your risk of serious reactions. It is not recommended that you drink alcohol while on Xanax. Additionally, many people with mental illness are recommended to avoid alcohol. You may also be more sensitive to the effects of alcohol if you are taking Xanax. You may not be able to safely drink as much alcohol as you are used to drinking in the past. Xanax and Alcohol Side Effects Drinking alcohol while taking Xanax may increase your risk of certain Xanax side effects, such as:    Drowsiness    Dizziness    Problems with coordination    Unusual behavior    Memory problems. It may also slow both the heart rate and breathing, which can cause you to pass out or have difficulty breathing -- and may even lead to death. Xanax is approved to treat anxiety and panic disorder. Generally, it is best for people with mental illnesses (such as anxiety) to avoid drinking alcohol. Alcohol may worsen mental illness and is often a form of "self-medication." Additionally, people with an alcohol abuse problem may be more likely to abuse Xanax. Source(s): emedtv.com
No, not at all. They are two totally different things. Both alcoholism and hep C can cause liver failure. Alcoholism is just that, alcohol abuse. Hepatitis C is a virus that you have to catch off of someone else through blood to blood contact. Often times it is passed from one drug user to another when they use drugs and share needles to inject the drugs. It is not related to alcoholism in any way. Both conditions can eventually lead to cirrhosis which occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver. There are a number of other reasons for getting cirrhosis, but alcoholism and hep C is two of the top reasons for having it in the U.S. today.
A lot of people, especially young adults would be in trouble if binge drinking for a year and a half damaged their heart. That is not saying it didnt. The only way to know for sure is to get checked out by the doc. I wish you luck with your quest. Take care
Micheal, you are smart looking man in picture. In our profession (medical), you will find a big chunk of addicts as drugs are easily accessible to us, but we all undergo life style after one STEMI or NSTEMI, sooner or later and than we decide what is good or bad for us or the family. Your RCA can be taken care of, you better do physical, (walking a lot). A reversal phenomena does exist, all you have to do is activate it. Walking and avoiding fried stuff reverses familial hyper-cholesterol. As far your liver is concerned can be due to meds, + alcohol. Alcohol causes Hetpatic, and cardiac myo-pathy. Rosuvastatin (Crestor) 40 mg and drink alcohol, is contra-indicated. Now it is upto you to decide, what is good for you, as you are grown up. G/Luck.
you are seriously ill now right now. paracetamol is a killer particularly with the amount of alcohol youve consumed. the symptoms you have could be the start of liver failure. the paracetamol antidote usually works in the first 12 hours so DIAL 999 AND ASK FOR AN AMBULANCE NOW !!
Just so you know, the stimulant medications often used to treat ADHD can intensify the effects of alcohol as well as those of marijuana or cocaine. The amount of alcohol that would typically cause a "buzz" in those who arent taking medication can result in inebriation in those who are. It is never a good idea to mix alcohol (a depressant) with a medication that you have never taken before (a stimulant). If youre still unsure, ask your psychiatrist. He/she may be unwilling to prescribe you Ritalin if youre a heavy drinker or if you abuse alcohol, as you are more likely to abuse Ritalin. Hope I helped!
Tell her alcoholism is far more common than you think (i am a recovering alcoholic and drug addict). It can destroy families but with strong friends and supportive family you can overcome and beat the odds. Using only masks the pain and your troubles come back. Let her know their are so many things that life has to offer other than alcohol. Best of luck. Her mom needs to admit she has a problem first as well.
none
Yes, but generally only if they complete some kind of substance abuse treatment and abstain from alcohol and drugs for at least 6 months.
Despite popular believe, people (most) dont drink or smoke or all those other vices to look cool. They do it simply because they like it and it is their choice. If you dont like drinking or smoking fine. Thats great, just dont go assuming youre a person of superior moral caliber. In other words, better than the rest of us.
Its a disease. An addiction is hard to break. People need help.
What is the difference of alcohol abuse than alcoholism. Is alcoholism where you feel sick when you not drinking and alcohol abuse is you drink 3 to 4 times a week.But you do not feel sick the other 3 or 4 days in week you not drinking.0
Step 1. Dont drink.
curently there are 6,000,000 people who are physically addicted to alcohol in Canada alone. In Laos, it is said there r upward of $62,000,000 people who abuse it all. This bad habit and they shud help.
Alcohol because it makes the people who drink it stink to the max.
No one can answer this question with any accuracy including a liver specialist since liver failure due to alcohol abuse varies so much from one person to another. There are people who might have cirrhosis from this in 10 years while someone else could take 20-30 years. Cirrhosis occurs when healthy tissue is replaced with scar tissue in the liver not allowing it to function as it should. Its a very slow disease that can take a very long time depending on many factors such as what you drink, alcohol content, when you drink, genetics, medical history, any underlying medical problems, how well your body handles alcohol, size, etc. Age really has little to do with it. How much and how long the person has been drinking is the most important but many other factors come into play also. There is no way to tell how long it will take and this is coming from a nurse who had liver failure and a transplant (not from alcohol abuse).
Thats an individual question based on your body, your health and even, in part, the culture you live in. An alcoholic goes to meetings. A drunk goes to parties. Mayo clinic signs of alcohol abuse or alcoholism. http://www.bing.com/health/article/mayo-   
Get a job!!
It totally fine if she stops right away alcohol will cause long term damage to mom but only damage the fetus if mom continues to drink into the pregnancy. If youve been drinking and just found out you have been pregnant, stop right away and the baby will be fine. Take prenatal vitamins ASAP too because alcohol drains the nutrients from your body.
There are addiction counselors. They run anywhere from a BS/BS to a PhD to an MD to an MSW. If you open a private practice, you can pick and choose which types of patients you see. Just understand that it severely limits your patient pool, especially since people with alcohol addictions often abuse drugs (especially prescription drugs).
If everything is only as you described it, I am thinking he isnt an alcoholic but youd know some of the details when you read the articles and perhaps he is. Anyway, hope this helps. http://alcoholism.about.com/od/problem/a    - alcoholism screening test There are many signs and symptoms related to drinking problems. Alcoholism is considered a progressive disease, meaning that the symptoms and effects of drinking alcohol become increasingly more severe over time. Those who use alcohol may begin to show early signs of a problem, then progress to showing symptoms of alcohol abuse<SEMCOL> if drinking continues, they may later show symptoms of alcoholism or alcohol dependence. Take the Alcoholism Screening Quiz. Early Signs of a Problem Early signs of alcoholism include frequent intoxication, an established pattern of heavy drinking and drinking in dangerous situations, such as when driving. Other early signs of alcoholism include black-out drinking or a drastic change in demeanor while drinking, such as consistently becoming angry or violent. Symptoms of Alcohol Abuse The main symptom of alcohol abuse occurs when someone continues to drink after their drinking reaches a level that causes recurrent problems. Continuing to drink after it causes someone to miss work, drive drunk, shirk responsibilities or get in trouble with the law is considered alcohol abuse. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, IV, defines alcohol abuse as drinking despite alcohol-related physical, social, psychological, or occupational problems, or drinking in dangerous situations, such as while driving. The World Health Organizations International Classification of Diseases refers to "harmful use" of alcohol, or drinking that causes either physical or mental damage in the absence of alcohol dependence. In other words, alcohol abuse is any harmful use of alcohol. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~    Do you have a drinking problem? You may have a drinking problem if you... Feel guilty or ashamed about your drinking. Lie to others or hide your drinking habits. Have friends or family members who are worried about your drinking. Need to drink in order to relax or feel better.    Black out    or forget what you did while you were drinking. Regularly drink more than you intended to. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~    http://www.livestrong.com/article/102822    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~    http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/alcohol    - From the Mayo Clinic and very informative
Some of the best musicians were stoners.. But the alcohol abuse should definitely go away..
Outside of being married to Victor. Recurring back injury since falling from a horse, became addicted to alcohol and pain killers
none
If you are dealing with a person suffering from substance abuse ... yes. Understand that substance abusers project onto other people. Otherwise, what they dont like about themselves. They consider their own feelings, but not yours. Everything is everybody elses fault, not theirs, etc. The one word answer you are looking for is "Denial". Sober 18 months. I did exactly this to someone I love. Today, they still love me.
If the barman is making this for you in a cocktail then I suspect he is a farmer pretending to be a barman.Drink at your peril!
it doesnt take long to get addicted to alcohol .. it all starts with the first drink getting the DTs can happen to anyone regardless of how long they have been drinking on a regular basis going through DTs can start anywhere from 6 to 48 hours after a person stops drinking they can last from a few hours up to weeks at a time can and are very severe a person hallucinates, can lead to convulsions, seizures not a good thing -- more to DTs than that and can get very serious however most likely when you stop drinking after the binge you go on that happens because you are going through withdrawal which also come along with the craving for more the body is telling the drinker they need more alcohol it is uncomfortable...get nauseaus, hot and cold sweats, shakes etc. so when a person is going through that they take a drink thinking it will ease the withdrawls-- and then it starts all over again..get drunk..withdraw..drink..get drunk if and when a person gets through them ..stops drinking for a while.. like till the weekend...maybe then sooner or later forgets what they went through and drinks again viscious circle
He was drunk all right. He just didnt feel like it because of the other stuff he was doing. Yes, he could die at any moment doing stuff like that, that way. Combining drugs and alcohol is usually a mistake, especially in large quantities of both. Alcohol poisoning is more likely to happen to people who drink too much too fast. Your buddy probably got away with it this time because he was drinking slowly and steadily. "Good to go" is not how I would describe 3 straight days of drinking and drugging even though he survived it. One day his luck will run out because he will have abused his body so much that it gives up.
Macrocytic anemia can be caused by various inherited disorders of D synthesis involving red blood cell production, by a deficiency of folic acid in the diet (some vegetarians and vegans), stomach cancer, sprue, and parasites, especially a tapeworm.
Honey, I am a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic by going to AA, also to Alanon for my ex husbands drinking. I KNOW what its like living the life with an alcoholic, & ALSO ALL the grief I put my 3 children thru when I WAS drinking. They are SO GLAD to have their "Mom back" & to always now be there for them when they need me. I too did hurt my kids, still after ALL these yrs. carry guilt on myself for ALL I did that hurt them. FIRST I would HIGHLY suggest you go to Alateen to learn to help you learn what to do about your dads drinking. You mom also should go to Alanon for the SAME reason, OR BOTH of you could go together to Alanon to keep each other company. I PROMISE it WILL help you. Theyre ALL in the SAME boat as you, can also offer ANY/ALL advice you could/would ask of them. Thats what they are there for. They CAN suggest whats best for you & your mom. They DO have just the answers that would give you the help you need, the help thats available in your area. Hes not even working, but your mom is, bless her heart. She could find out HOW to get rid of him, how to find a place for you to stay to get away from him. Honey, THAT IS your answer, I HOPE you & your mom WILL do as I HIGHLY suggest. Ive said so often, AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity & it DID. Alcoholism is a disease. An addictive, cunning, progressive killer disease. IF you think hes bad now, just wait, if he doesnt quit it WILL keep on getting worse, thats a FACT. It IS also inherited!! So, PLEASE be careful for yourself too, honey. Ask your mom to PLEASE give Alanon a few tries to go to mtgs. & TAKE YOU with her. He so badly needs AA to help him get sober. He cannot do it alone, I could not do it alone. PLEASE PLEASE tell your mom, or let her read my post. I PROMISE you BOTH WILL get the help you need in ALL areas of your lives. Call the 800# for alcohol & find the NEXT mtg. to Alanon & PLEASE GO. You WILL get ALL the help you need & they ARE the very BEST bunch of people you could want to meet. I DO SO care about you & your mom. I KNOW what youre living with. You CAN email me if you want, I also was an AA sponsor to others throughout the yrs. & would do ANYTHING/EVERYTHING I could to help you. My email address...firebird638@yahoo.com...put "alcohol" in the subject line so Ill know who you are. Others too have emailed me thru Y. Ans. I AM here for you 100% IF you need me. But, PLEASE, honey, you & your mom go to Alanon, I BEG of you, I KNOW it WILL help you...I DO so wish you ALL the best...hugs...:)
Tobacco and alcohol being legal (but regulated) and marijuana being illegal is due more to legal/political issues than health reasons. The hemp industry was, at one time, in direct competition with both the cotton and timber industries. Hemp was great for making clothing, rope, and paper, and this was cutting into cottons and timbers profits. They put pressure on the government and, using "Christian values" they had laws passed against marijuana. As for the growth of tumors, that is not substantiated. There are many different types of cancer, each needing different treatment strategies. Marijuana has been shown to help manage many chronic (no pun intended!) conditions. However, medicinal marijuana is not the same as the stuff you get on the street. As for it causing death, anything you smoke is bad for you. As for dieing from cannabinoid overdose, that is not really probable. It causing cancer is linked back to the fact that you are inhaling smoke, which damages the lungs. And yes it does contain carcinogens, though not nearly as many as tobacco. Smoking anything is bad for you, and smoking weed does do brain damage. It doesnt stop just because you hit a magic age. Ignoring the chemicals in weed which can damage brain tissue, when you smoke anything enough, it will reduce the oxygen in your blood, which can lead to brain damage. Brain cells naturally die off as you age, but taking substances which damage brain cells makes it happen faster. I have known enough old pot heads to know that long term use does have some effect on cognitive function and memory. As for the damage from your tobacco use, it is quite impossible to tell over the internet! As you were only a moderate smoker, you should recover fully once your lungs have had a chance to heal. Honestly, alcohol is the most dangerous. People rarely smoke themselves to death, but they drink themselves to death all the time! Between cannabis and tobacco, it is hard to say. Natural tobacco is not nearly as bed, pipe tobacco being next in line. Oral tobaccos and cigarettes are by far the worst, not because of the tobacco, but because of the additives. Comparing straight tobacco to weed, tobacco would actually be better. However, getting straight tobacco is not easy these days. Another thing to take into account is that weed is slightly better as you dont smoke near as much of it as you do tobacco. Underage drinking does cause deaths, so you win the argument that cannabis is safer that booze! However, the quality of the weed you get matters too. Marijuana growers are working hard to "improve" their crop. It is not the same, safe plant from 40 years ago. Buying it on the streets opens up the possibility of it being laced with other stuff. This is, in fact, the most dangerous aspect of marijuana use, drug dealers. They introduce those who would otherwise have no interest in harder drugs to them during weed purchases. I have read the studies on marijuana being a gateway drug, and it is complete BS!. By the definition of gateway drug: caffeine, TV, milk, meat, cars, clothes, water, and virtually anything else you have or use can be a gateway drug. In the study, people incarcerated for harder drug use were asked if they had used weed. Depending on the study, between 90-95% answered yes. However, if you asked if they drank milk, rode in a car, or watched TV, you would get a similar correlation. Correlation doesnt mean causation. Some studies indicate that +60% of all Americans have tried marijuana, but +60% of all Americans are not hard drug addicts. By their logic, going to sleep can lead to rape, as Im sure at least 90% of rapists have slept at some point. So should sleep and TV be outlawed?
i disagree with gillian, i am an alcoholic,sober for 20 years and my first drink led me to becoming one .i hate when i see or hear people say it is a disease,you do not catch i you become addicted like any other drug.even in moderation it can slowly turn to addiction if someone has a trauma in there lives
An alcoholic drinks constantly. He/she is addicted to alcohol and gets drunk frequently. Your roommate is a boozer but she does not fall into this category -- not yet. Perhaps she boozes with a few glasses of cheap alcohol to drown her sorrow or drive away loneliness. Whether she is an alcoholic is not the main issue, since she does not get intoxicated frequently and does not bother you nightly. It is the state of the condo -- unsanitary, crowded with dirty pets and littered with torn items -- that should be of concern to you. Owing to her age and unhealthy lifestyle, she is not on the same wavelength with you. She is thus petty and grumpy. In due time, the cheap wine will make her sick and she will be a burden to you. She drinks it because she cannot afford to buy good wine, and she drinks owing to personal problems which may be a broken marriage, a separation from her children or her inability to interact with others. Your mom is right. The messy condo is not suitable for you. And your roommate -- or flatmate -- will drive you to the wall with her quirks and bad habits. You have to move out ASAP.
You are completly right!!! There frame of mind is totally retarded and unfortunatly it is contagious!! As they act slutty and bitchy.... less popular girls want to copy them and then we have a whole lot of hoes who do the same thing!! Most of them are abused by thier parent.... havent a lot of money or similar situation. Just know that by your recognising this makes you a smart person!!! Dont fall into the trap of there stupid attention seeking, they are time wasters!!!! They want to rebel and act like there cool when really there just mentally disabled god luv them!! Anyone that needs to post pictures of alcohol bottles and say those things are freaky!! Stay away from them as they are posinous and are usually the type of people who end up unemployed and working for mcdonalds if even!! Believe me im only out of school five years and things havent changed and now im a business owner at 22 and I drink quite a lot of vodka, malibu and martinis almost every night to wind down (im not bragging... just simply stating the fact that i do not need to go bragging about it to anyone!!) I dont tell anyone i have them... i dont show off.... i just simply enjoy them after a days work and enjoy the buzz.... Its just retarded and stupid to bother going on facebook........ how sad is that????
No, lorezapam is not very addictive. Take your dosage according to the Rx from your doctor. Once your prescription runs low, see your doctor again, and let him decide wether to renew it based on your symptoms. It takes time for the lorezapam to work properly, so dont just stop taking it.
Im in a similar situation. My bf of 3.5 years doesnt drink daily, but when he does drink, he doesnt know when to stop himself. He says that he cant remember what happened when he was drinking, he has 2 DUIs and has been pulled over at least 5 times during our relationship. This past Saturday, I received a call from the police at 
An enjoyable gift is good only when used properly. For example, honey    is good,    but    the eating of too much honey is not good.    (Proverbs 2
Yes
Yes, you CAN die from alcohol withdrawal<SEMCOL> it is rare, but it does happen. It depends on how much you drink, WHAT you drink AND how often. Most people think that drinking beer isnt the same thing as drinking booze, but it IS. They are ALL alcohol. If your hands shake and you have trouble functioning WITHOUT alcohol, you ARE an addict. This is NOT your fault. Alcoholism can run in familes as well as simply peer pressure or even high stress living. The SAFEST way to quit is to get yourself admitted to a MEDICAL detox (not just some place thatll park you in a room to "suffer through it.") Medical detoxs have the necessary medications to prevent the side effects of moderate to sever withdrawal (such as tremors, seizures and high blood pressure) however, the most common side effects are tremors and vomiting. Its NOT your fault that you "need" this "crutch<SEMCOL>" even though some people say its because of a "weak mind" or "weak will-power," this is UNTRUE and most people dont understand that alcohol addiction is a PHYSICAL requirement. Your body NEEDS alcohol and it IS dangerous to try and quit by yourself. In a detox facility, the doctors, the nurses AND the counselors are there to SUPPORT you and to give you tools to help yourself WHILE helping YOU. Dont listen to peer-pressure! Youre NOT a wuss, but, youre also not "COOL." Drinking to excess is NOT cool. Addiction is NOT cool. Get help. All states have programs in place to help people like you to find a better life for yourself. Try your local addiction "crisis line." You can find them in the blue pages in your phonebook. They CAN refer you to somewhere that WILL help, but they are also there just to listen to you as well. If you have trouble, call your county hospital to ASK for numbers or a list of (MEDICAL) detoxes. If you feel you are "too far gone," go TO the hospital. BUT, when you DO go to the ER, make sure youre NOT blissed-out when you get there. They will only park you in a room (or left in the ER) until you sober up and your withdrawal begins. Roll, you CAN do this! Dont wait until you are miserable and/or alone: thats the road to guilt and depression. You cant do it completely ALONE. You need the support of EVERYONE that means anything to you. If your support network is crap, you WILL find a better one once you seek MEDICAL attention. God Bless Roll, and good luck my friend!
Dont worry, a doctors job is to help. They have all sworn the Hippocratic Oath. (The Hippocratic Oath is an oath historically taken by physicians and other healthcare professionals swearing to practice medicine ethically.) So, if he or she is a good doctor, which most doctors are, he is going to help you. He might ask you the routine questions, like: How often so you drink, etc. so that he can make a wise evaluation. Depending on his familiarity and experience in the field of addiction he is going to make a recommendation to go to a clinic or start a withdrawal under his supervision. I would not advice you to go into "treatment" with a doctor, even if he is a specialist. Doctors will prescribe you drugs to withdraw from alcohol or drugs--this is not acceptable treatment<SEMCOL> I know that by intensive research and personal experience. Another disadvantage of going only to a doctor is that he wont have the specific training and facilities specific to deliver a complete and holistic* withdrawal and recovery program. (*Holistic health is a concept in medical practice upholding that all aspects of peoples needs, psychological, physical and social should be taken into account.) I was an addict for over 15 years. I hit bottom several times and did 3 rehabs--the last one was it! This one gave me all the answers to addiction and much more. I understood more about life and how to succeed in life unlike any college I ever went to. The Narconon program saved my life! I have been clean for over 15 years and now I help others to recover from addiction and recover their self esteem and integrity. The Narconon Drug Prevention and Rehabilitation Program is the best and more recognized addiction recovery program in existence in the world (in over 40 countries). Their success is over 70%--far above other programs. Narconon, a scientific and holistic program, does not use drugs at all and you are not a patient but a student. Some programs or clinics give you drugs that leave you addicted to something that is many times more addictive than the original drug. Some programs use counseling and others use the power of pray or a combination of these. I disapprove of traditional counseling because it is evaluative (it tells you that you are sick or something else) and not scientific. Also, traditional counseling is based in psychiatry or psychology philosophy, both of which are dying professions due to their huge failure rate. (For more info on this subject go to: www.cchr.org) I loved the Narconon Detoxification part of the program but I would not be here to tell you this if it was not for the other parts of the program. By the way, I felt so clean, relaxed and energetic after the detox--it was like when I was 6 years old. I even slept like a baby afterwards. There are many other extremely valuable things you learn in Narconon<SEMCOL> one learns many skills for life. There is not one day in my life that I do not use one or more of the elements of this technology in order to help myself or others. These are invaluable skills that one does not learn in any regular school. This skills have helped me increase my self esteem, my integrity, my communication skills, better the conditions in life, showed me how to spot and handle suppressive people, etc. In short I learned how to help myself and others as well. So, before you go to a doctor (unless you have something that require medical attention of course), check the Narconon website and familiarize yourself with their program and then make a decision. You can be completely free of addiction to alcohol or anything.
Im curious to know if this family member of yours is still getting access to alcohol and her drug of choice while in this extended health care center. Im having a little trouble understanding how this would happen...most health centers keep a close eye on their patients medication(s)...when they take it and how often. Your family members supposed dementia is likely a result of the alcohol and her drug of choice. Speak with her doctor(in the facility) about her alcohol and drug abuse. Maybe he/she will keep a closer eye on her medications. Im almost positive she is being monitored while in this facility. Hope this helps. Take care.
There are some benefits to those who consume moderate or lower than moderate amounts of alcohol (1 drink or less per day): 1) If a person has a normal blood pressure, Cardiac Heart disease may be reduced. Also, ischemic stroke...because alcohol lessens the damage done to blood vessels due to lipid deposites and it helps to reduce blood clotting. However, the anti clotting in alcohol could increase the risk of hemorrhagic stroked. 2)there has been noted that there was a 26% reduction in peripheral vascular disease 3) It helped to lessen stress, give mood elevation, increased sociability, relaxation and may benefit cognitive tasks. However, drinking excess or higher than moderate amounts can lead to: 1) addicted to or a dependence on this medications 2) contribute to injuries, automobile collisions and violence 3) decrease in work or school productivity 4) increase is being late or absent 5) problems with their families and their interactions 6) Can lead to death 7) Blood pressure can be raised which makes them a greater risk of hemorrhagic or ischemic stroke 8) Known to cause hepatitis (inflammation inside the liver) or Cirrhosis (death of the liver cells and scar tissue formation inside the liver) 9) Known to cause increase chances of head, neck, digestive track, and breast cancers 10) Known to cause the build up of fat inside the liver. 11) Some people are more sensitive to this drug and some are even allergic to it. The liver takes toxins out of the body and converts them into non toxic forms that the body can easily dispose of. When the alcohol reaches the liver, the liver removes it from the blood and using the enzymes (that the liver cells make) converts it first to acetaldehyde, then to acetate, and then to carbon dioxide and water. If someone consumes too much...it doesnt give the liver time to convert it completely and it become toxic to the liver cells itself. Consuming alcohol on a regular basis can cause the build up of fat inside the liver also. If the liver cells, in anyway, becomes damage by the alcohol...the immune system of the body responds to this and causes inflammation to develop inside the liver. This is what causes the liver to enlarge in size and takes on a spongy texture. I hope this info has been of help to you. Best wishes
Hi Kerely, this question seems right up my sloshed alley :-) iv been called a drunk too, but unlike you, i can control the need, im not an alcoholic, i abuse alcohol, im an abuser... wow even saying that souds, silly, but i am.. i know this because i looked it up after having several inconclusive arguments about my drinking habit. having said that, your on the right path, ur sitting up and Noticing! it soundsSigns and symptoms of alcoholism (alcohol dependence) Alcoholism is the most severe form of problem drinking. Alcoholism involves all the symptoms of alcohol abuse, but it also involves another element: physical dependence on alcohol. If you rely on alcohol to function or feel physically compelled to drink, you   re an alcoholic. Withdrawal: The 2nd major warning sign of alcoholism Do you need a drink to steady the shakes in the morning? Drinking to relieve or avoid withdrawal symptoms is a sign of alcoholism and a huge red flag. When you drink heavily, your body gets used to the alcohol and experiences withdrawal symptoms if it   s taken away. These include: Anxiety or jumpiness Shakiness or trembling Sweating Nausea and vomiting Insomnia Depression Irritability Fatigue Loss of appetite Headache In severe cases, withdrawal from alcohol can also involve hallucinations, confusion, seizures, fever, and agitation. These symptoms can be dangerous, so talk to your doctor if you are a heavy drinker and want to quit. for the rest of that article, check out http://www.helpguide.org/mental/alcohol_    if you just want to talk, send me an email, or add me.
yes...Im addicting with it...youre not alone....
Mixing alcohol and Valium is deadly. The two are both depressants and can cause severe physical damage, especially when abused. It seems that if you friends mother is an alcoholic she also risks damaging her brain, sometimes referred to as wet brain. Wet brain causes lapses in cognitive function similar to a memory issue. Your friend may need to seek support and help possibly from an Alanon or Naranon meeting.
It is fun.
There are two ways to measure blood alcohol levels. One is by direct blood sample, and the other is the breath test, which is not identical but still gives a good idea of the alcohol content in the blood. Alcohol is one of the few molecules which can be absorbed directly into the blood from the lining of the stomach, so it gets into the blood stream very quickly. It peaks about an hour after the drinks have been drunk. The levels of alcohol, based on percentage of blood alcohol content. For example, a blood alcohol content of .1 means that 10% of the blood plasma is alcohol. We breathe off alcohol molecules with our CO2 and other waste products because alcohol is a small molecule that can enter the alveoli along with water and carbon dioxide. It is not as precise as a blood test, so the levels of alcohol detected in this way have a slightly different value system. What constitutes being over the limit varies from country to country, but the bottom line is that BAC is measured in percent of alcohol molecules present in the blood stream at the time of the test. Gradually the liver will break down the alcohol into sugars and water, but alcohol abuse overtaxes the liver and can result in permanent damage.
Alcohol abuse can cause liver inflammation. When this inflammation continues on and on for many many years, then it can eventually lead to cirrhosis which is when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver. The liver will become enlarged at first with alcohol abuse, but as the disease gets worse and more scar tissue forms, the liver will then start to shrink up as it dies.
This site should have some good info for you http://www.alcohol.gov.au/ about alcohol and its effects. You can also ask a question from a health professional at http://www.somazone.com.au The best thing to do would be to see your doctor so they can check you out and you can talk to them about what is worrying you.
Youre not a very good troll
Hi Shamwow This guy is out of control with his abuse of oxycodone and alcohol and youre smarter as a young person than this adult. The really stupid part is that beer makes gout worse so the more beer he drinks the worse the gout gets. Then he washes down an overdose of oxycodone with more beer , a dangerous combination to say the least. If he continues down this road he will kill himself. Take a lesson in how stupid drug abuse is from this dads behavior. You go ahead a pick a number on the stupidity scale and be sure to make it over the top. Take care! Chrissie R.N.
Alcohol definitely, marijuana just chills you out. Alcohol can completely change your personality.
Assalamu alaykum For curing ti drinking alcohol you must make taubatan nasuha prayer at night of 2 rakaats and make dua to Allah by recognizing your faults of drinking alcohol,repent and ask for Allahs forgiveness and promise you would not drink in the future and you adhere to the command of Allah because alcohol is haram to be drank by Muslims You must remember that drinking alcohol in the long run will damage your brain You must adhere to the prohibition of Allah in drinking alcohol,because if you continue to drink it you will have great sins
When she starts getting drunk more than twice a month then you should worry about that. Anyways youre an alcoholic when you stop drinking and you feel the need to drink more. Right now your sister is doing fine and having fun.
Both.... It would be easy enough for a neurologist to determine the difference with a tuning fork.
The problem with illegal drugs is that they dont have any standard. Alcohol sold in shops has to be a certain percentage, the ingredients are on the package etc Drugs on the other hand could have anything in them, rat poison, paracetamol, caffeine. No hard drug like coke is ever sold pure. It only takes one time to have a bad reaction, the person who has a reaction to the drug and ODs could be you. Another thing is yes alcohol is dangerous but you have to drink a lot of it to cause damage, whereas illegal drugs could cause damage instantly! You shouldnt do drugs just because you feel left out, thats stupid. Stand for what you believe in, what ever happened to having fun without the influence of anything else?! Cant you enjoy the music without being off your face?
Yes it sounds like it has you hooked. It is more than likely affecting your lifestyle and relationships. If you have to drink the longer you do it the harder its going to be to stop. If you go get some help they will probably give you some valuem or similar to help you stop. Just dont do both at the same time you may black out. Get some help if you cant slow down do you want to be known as "the drunk" or "that drunk" it can ruin your life
Not to mention he is addicted to money and power, which is more a more extreme addiction then someone that has a soda every once and a while
People who are not facing themselves and in touch with themselves, and become addicted, could use sex in an unhealthy way in the same way they use drugs or alcohol. I would say that in general, that does not happen, but sex can be used in the same way, yes.
none
This info isnt from the government or from uneducated people that have been told weed is bad and shrinks your brain and kills brain cells and memory all their lives, because thats what alcohol does. Actual scientific data and long-term studies on marijuana and alcohol: Many drugs, such as heroin, cocaine and alcohol, inhibit the growth of new cells in the hippocampus, which scientists believe could emotionally destabilize addicts. Understanding how drugs affect the hippocampus may have a critical role in treating addiction.Neuropsychologist Xia Zhang and a team of researchers based at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon, Canada, aimed to find out just how marijuana-like drugs, known collectively as cannabinoids, act on the brain. The researchers injected rats with HU210, a synthetic drug that is about one-hundred times as powerful as THC, the high-inducing compound naturally found in marijuana. They then used a chemical tracer to watch new cells growing in the hippocampus. They found that HU210 seemed to induce new brain cell growth, just as some antidepressant drugs do, they report in the Journal of Clinical Investigation. This suggests that they could potentially be used to reduce anxiety and depression, Zhang says. He adds that the research might help to create new cannabinoid-based treatments. "I think its a very exciting study," says Amelia Eisch, an addiction researcher at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas. "It makes marijuana look more like an antidepressant and less like a drug of abuse." Source:( http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/news/    ) Analysis of Studies Finds Little Effect From Long-Term Use By Sid Kirchheimer WebMD Health News July 1, 2003 -- Long-term and even daily marijuana use doesnt appear to cause permanent brain damage, adding to evidence that it can be a safe and effective treatment for a wide range of diseases, say researchers. The researchers found only a "very small" impairment in memory and learning among long-term marijuana users. Otherwise, scores on thinking tests were similar to those who dont smoke marijuana, according to a new analysis of 15 previous studies. In those studies, some 700 regular marijuana users were compared with 484 non-users on various aspects of brain function -- including reaction time, language and motor skills, reasoning ability, memory, and the ability to learn new information. Surprising Finding: "We were somewhat surprised by our finding, especially since theres been a controversy for some years on whether long-term cannabis use causes brain damage," says lead researcher and psychiatrist Igor Grant, MD. "I suppose we expected to see some differences in people who were heavy users, but in fact the differences were very minimal." The marijuana users in those 15 studies -- which lasted between three months to more than 13 years -- had smoked marijuana several times a week or month or daily. Still, researchers say impairments were less than what is typically found from using alcohol or other drugs.  Brain Shrinkage and Alcoholic Behavior: The shrinkage observed seems to be more extensive in the cortex of the frontal lobe, which is believed to be the seat of higher intellectual functions. This shrinkage generally increases with age, at least in men. Repeated imaging of a group of alcoholics who continued drinking over a 5-year period revealed progressive brain shrinkage that significantly exceeded normal age-related shrinkage. The rate of frontal cortex shrinkage correlates closely with the amount of alcohol consumed. But this shrinkage has also been observed in deeper brain regions, including brain structures associated with memory, as well as in the cerebellum, which helps regulate coordination and balance. Source: http://alcoholism.about.com/cs/brain/a/a   
The alcohol is advertised, not drinking and driving. The advertising isnt suggesting people get in their cars after drinking. Nor does it say to drink lots and lots so that you can become an alcoholic. Generally alcohol advertising includes a statement saying to drink responsibly. Its up to us to be responsible. There are dangerous drivers everywhere. Cars kill. Should all car sales advertising be banned? Prescription drugs are advertised. They can be abused. Does that advertising stop as well?
An economist will think that human being are "rational agent" and their solution for the problem of alcohol abuse will all related to "cost" and "benefit" of being drunk - either by increasing costs or reducing the benefit. Cost and benefit here are not only in term of money<SEMCOL> but ease of access, social acceptance etc. Increasing cost: - higher tax on alcohol - prohibition of consumption in public places - stricter law on alcohol purchase and serving to known alcoholic -etc Reducing cost of treatment: - Government subsidies on AA organisations and social workers - increasing availability and awareness of possible help by advertising campaign. Now reducing the benefit is a tough one<SEMCOL> if it is related to "social acceptance" (binge drinking amongst teenager) then it can be fixed with better education of the masses not to view this behaviour as "cool" or even "acceptable". If it is serious addiction - it is out of the realm of economy and into the realm of neuroscientist and psychologist - addiction actually rewire your neurons and the "rational agent" concept hardly applies here.
You can keep it simple. Consider something like: Alcohol abuse victimizes children, ruins lives and destroys families. A thesis statement is like a road map for your paper, using your ideas and thoughts about the topic. It tells the reader what to expect from the rest of the paper, how you will address the subject, and directly answers any questions asked of you. The thesis statement interprets the question or the subject, offers a possible way of understanding it. It often offers a point of view that others might disagree with. It is usually a single sentence somewhere in your first paragraph, and it presents your argument. The rest of the paper, the body of your essay, gathers and organizes evidence that will persuade the reader of the logic and sense and believability of your interpretation. So keep all of those thoughts in mind in constructing your thesis statement. Do a search for "how to write a thesis statement" and you will find several very helpful sites. These links should help. http://www.unc.edu/depts/wcweb/handouts/    http://owl.english.purdue.edu/owl/resour    http://www.indiana.edu/~wts/pamphlets/th    http://www.tadafinallyfinished.com/how-t   
It wont kill you and 1 drink wont ruin your life, in my country its legal to drink at the age of 16 years. Im 19 and have been drinking since 3 years nearly every weekend, and im not addicted or something. The most alcoholic drinks taste awful, so just decide on your own if you like it or not.
My brother in law was raised (partially) by his alcoholic parents back in the 50s and 60s. He also had 5 brothers and sisters. The dad was a logger and the mom went "on the road" with him. He and his siblings were usually left alone with the oldest caring for the youngest until people realized that these kids were being left alone. They then went into foster care where they remained for the rest of their young lives. The youngest child was born during a trip to arkansas that lasted a year and she was adopted out. All of these kids have become alcoholics themselves, except the youngest child that never actually lived with the parents. Three of the siblings have died due to health issues related to alcoholism and my brother in law has congestive heart failure due to alcohol abuse. I believe that alcoholism is a mental health condition, as is most addiction and I believe these tendencies can be inherited. My brother in law has two children that were raised by their mother who did not drink, and had no real contact with him while they were young, but yet both of them have alcohol problems. People who make statements about the person needs to quit blaming the parents doesnt realize that when you are being raised by alcoholic parents, you are learning that this type of behavior is NORMAL. How a child is raised has a huge impact on how they will be the rest of their lives, especially if they inherit the alcoholic/addiction tendencies the parents have.
Go to the police station and tell them you need a good drug to abuse over the counter....they will help you out! Promise!
Smoking, alcoholism hurts everyone, smoking hurts you
Alcoholics dont become alcoholics because they drink a certain quantity of alcohol, they become alcoholics because they dont have any other outlet to relieve their stress or deal with their problems. If youre going through a hard time in life I wouldnt recommend taking up drinking. A bottle of wine or a glass of beer a night to let loose if fine but if youre getting drunk regularly then you probably have a problem.
habit & withdrawal. cold turkey is easy. everyone makes it seem like its hard, it really isnt. it only takes like 2-3 weeks to get over it. only issue is that the withdrawal Might suck *** during the process but its worth it in the long run. i suggest drink lots of water everyday to clear out your system and do excersize because its good and also helps stop the craving. if it helps, pick a new habbit like chewing gum, green tea.
No, I dont think youre an alcoholic yet. Alcoholism (alcohol dependence) and alcohol abuse are two different forms of problem drinking. --Alcoholism is when you have signs of physical addiction to alcohol and continues to drink, despite problems with physical health, mental health, and social, family, or job responsibilities. Alcohol may control your life and relationships. --Alcohol abuse is when your drinking leads to problems, but not physical addiction. How much you drink can influence your chances of becoming dependent. Those at risk for developing alcoholism include: --Men who have 15 or more drinks a week --Women who have 12 or more drinks a week --Anyone who has five or more drinks per occasion at least once a week One drink is defined as a 12-ounce bottle of beer, a 5-ounce glass of wine, or a 1 1/2-ounce shot of liquor. Symptoms--People who have alcoholism or alcohol abuse often: --Continue to drink, even when health, work, or family are being harmed --Drink alone --Become violent when drinking --Become hostile when asked about drinking --Are not able to control drinking -- being unable to stop or reduce alcohol intake --Make excuses to drink --Miss work or school, or have a decrease in performance because of drinking --Stop taking part in activities because of alcohol --Need to use alcohol on most days to get through the day --Neglect to eat or eat poorly --Do not care about or ignore how they dress or whether they are clean --Try to hide alcohol use --Shake in the morning or after periods when they have not a drink Symptoms of alcohol dependence include: --Memory lapses after heavy drinking --Needing more and more alcohol to feel "drunk" --Alcohol withdrawal symptoms when you havent had a drink for a while --Alcohol-related illnesses such as alcoholic liver disease I would say that if you see yourself in several of the descriptions above, then you should seriously consider seeking help.
Get him his own "Little Miss Drunkey Home Moonshine Distillery Kit" from Mattel... You should also mix some fiber supplements into his Bloody Maries because you care about his digestive health.
Your question,and the way you have asked it,speaks volumes just on its own.You write to a group of anonymous strangers over the internet...people who have no clue who you are or what your life is about.But your question,when one looks at it closely,actually tells me alot.You write about wanting to get really drunk tonight,and you specify your booze of choice as Bourbon(as opposed to beer or wine,you choose a heavy duty hard liquor).You state an exact amount of Xanax youd like to take-tells me #1 you have access to Xanax,and that you have been taking it for some time,using the slang term for quantity...calling it "bars".THEN,you tell us all your weight.Your question-asking if it would black you out a few days,that you want to be "safe rather than sorry"...?In a nutshell,I have one thing to tell you...you obviously are seeking attention from SOMEONE,ANYONE,and so you write a question here to a bunch of strangers.On the chance that no one has ever told you-and Im sure Im not the 1st to do so...YOU HAVE A SERIOUS DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROBLEM AND YOU KNOW IT.If you wanted to just black out,the bourbon alone would do it for any normal,recreational drinker.Mixing any amount of alcohol with prescription drugs cannot be calibrated by the info you provide.How long have you had this problem,whats your average daily consumption,etc,etc.You dont really want to know if 15 bars of Xanax is too much.YOU WANT OUR ATTENTION...OK,YOUVE GOT IT.YOU ALREADY KNOW the "real" answer,that NO amount of alcohol can be considered safe when mixed with pills.You dont black out for a few days...you go into a coma or die-if you are lucky.Google the name "Karen Ann Quinlan".Back in the 1970s,she partied on Valium and Alcohol,wanting to feel the buzz,not die.Well,she didnt die,not at first.She broke her parents hearts when she never came out of the vegetative state the pills and booze put her in.She lived in a Nursing home at age 20something,for over a decade,unable to respond,communicate.Then theres the other not so lucky partiers...so many before your time,but in recent years,Heath Ledger,Anna Nicole Smith,Simon Monjack(Britney Murpheys husband afterBritneyss death),and unless you live in a cave,Whitney Houston.Drinking ANY amount of alcohol,and mixing it with pills is a "game" you REALLY dont want to play.IF you survived,and were left brain dead,you could live for years...hurting the people who do care,and not proving anything to those who dont.Another stupid statistic,nothing more.Deal with your drug and alcohol abuse issues,and I can guarantee you,all of the other problems will be resolved.Stop writing questions to yahoo,and get yourself to either an ER tonight,or call your nearest Mental Health clinic for an appointment asap.Get help,REAL HELP,not the stupid answers WELL MEANING FOLKS,like me,spend 20min writing to a complete stranger.Good luck to you.
You are just making up excuses to drink, nothing else. Boozing it up every day will only hurt you. It never helps even though you think it does. You worry about being healthy yet abuse alcohol. Doesnt make much sense except that you are becoming a problem drinker that needs their alcohol to function. It only makes more problems for you. Dont use stress as an excuse to drink.
The best way to ask is probably something casual along the lines of "could you bring me a beer?". If they feel youre being responsible about drinking, they might not have a problem with it. But if they say no or they dont, its probably best to leave it at that and not to try and persuade them further at that point. After all, you dont want to give them the impression youre addicted to the stuff. Your parents will be trying to protect you from irresponsible behaviour and addiction, so trying to persuade them or getting alcohol behind their backs will send exactly the wrong message. Right now, you are actually pretty well off with your parents being as accepting as they seem to be about your drinking (I know how *my* parents would react...). Its a privilege<SEMCOL> stay responsible and dont ruin it for yourself now.
Technically yes you can. It might be seen as a sign of endorsing a lifestyle of abusing drugs and alcohol, even if you dont do them. If I were you I wouldnt do it again in the future.
Yeah, I had a similar problem with a close friend way back in High School. Except he was addicted to adderall. I didnt want to tell on him, I told him all the time it was stupid and that he shouldnt do it, but honestly the only surefire way is to tell the parents. I didnt and hes dead. Had a heart attack, caused by the adderall. Trust me, its worth tellin the parents. It may **** up the friendship but you dont want to wonder whether or not its partially your fault that your friend died because you couldve done something and you didnt.
No because there are a lot of kids on this site who glorify drugs and alcohol and the category will be abused by idiots looking to buy or sell drugs and stuff like that.
Not to promote it, but to encourage recovery from it, would be nice. Technically those questions could go in Mental Health category as drug/alcohol abuse/addiction is a DMV-IV diagnosis,
Abuse: drinking 5+ drinks in a single setting (blacking out, loss of control) Dependance: withdrawal effects, shaking tremors, nausea, headaches, seizures because of the lack of alcohol in the body. If the alcohol is affecting relationships, jobs, and life in a negative way.
your be fine ive done alot more than that im here today, its abuse of booze and tylenol over a longer period of time that will cause u damage
It depends upon how much and for how long the individual has been drinking alcohol. If the person was addicted to it and imbibed much always, it could kill them. Its called delirium tremens. Accoording to Wikipedia, "The main symptoms of Delirium Tremens are confusion, diarrhoea, insomnia, nightmares, disorientation and agitation and other signs of severe autonomic instability (fever, tachycardia, hypertension).[7] These symptoms may appear suddenly but can develop 2   3 days after cessation of drinking heavily with its highest peak/ intensity on the fourth or fifth day."
"Syrup" refers to a cough syrup promethazine with codeine. Its a widely abused prescription drug. Whats the difference between it and alcohol? People drink syrup for the codeine, which is an opiate (same family as cocaine). Both opiates and ethanol (alcohol) are despressants, but theyre completely different classes of drugs. Even though theyre both depressants, the effects are much different, just like insufflating (snorting) cocaine would NOT have the same effects as drinking alcohol. Why dont they have alcohol? Probably because most of the people that abuse promethazine are underage.
none
Yes, we would all be drug addicts if it were llegal
Well, it can kill you, for starters. Today substance abuse is so prevalent that many adolescents, young adults and older adults use street drugs, prescription drugs, over the counter medications and alcohol to escape from reality and get high. Not only are they abusing certain drugs but theyre mixing them with other drugs or alcohol. Mixing medications prescribed for anxiety and epilepsy with alcohol and other substances can cause: 1.Drowsiness 2.Dizziness 3.Shallow breathing 4.Unusual behavior 5.Impaired memory 6.Motor control problems like loss of coordination 7.The risk of overdose is much higher 8.Coma 9.Death Read the article in the link below, about Karen Ann Quinlan, and what happened when she mixed depressants with alcohol.
Hide your money to solve that issue. Working 2 jobs would probably have a really bad effect on your school work, maybe see if you could stay with a friend or other family member? Not too sure about the other questions, but good luck with your situation and I hope it all gets better soon!
Alcohol can have great affects on family<SEMCOL> it is often the root of divorced, abuse, and tension amongst family.
nobody can tell you if you are alcoholic. Only you know. And only other addicts can understand and addict. Which is why AA works. You have been debating this in your own head for years now. If you are ready to stop drinking, go to an AA meeting. Your head sounds like it feels like a washing machine full of thoughts. Go along to a meeting and it will all make sense. Stop lol-ing, its not really a laughing matter. Alcoholics dont get sober because they are still having fun drinking. If you feel ready to take action and move to the next step, then DO IT.
It is quite common for swelling in the belly to occur when liver failure is pretty severe. For an alcoholic, it most likely means they have cirrhosis which is end stage liver disease. Lots of fluid accumulates in the abdomen. Your someone needs to see a doctor ASAP. If they have any trouble breathing or are quite uncomfortable, then they should definitely go to the hospital to get "tapped" or get drained of the fluid. The doctor can give water pills to help that, but for anyone with cirrhosis, it is usually a problem that only gets worse over time. There is no cure for cirrhosis other than a liver transplant. I have an autoimmune disease that caused my cirrhosis and liver failure. The swelling you describe is the very first thing that tipped me off that I had something wrong. I found out that my liver was already 90% destroyed with only 10% function left. I had to get a transplant to stay alive. Another sign you should look for is fatigue, and yellow skin and yellow whites of eyes. Thats jaundice caused by high biliruben levels. Also easy bruising and blood not clotting well when they bleed is a sign. They can also have internal bleeding at any time due to unwanted veins that form called varices that can be weak, leak, burst, and bleed. Any kind of bleeding should be considered a crisis and should be taken to the hospital. Confusion and behavior changes can be due to high ammonia levels which is also a sign of cirrhosis. If this someone continues to drink, it will make total liver failure come much quicker which is fatal. They could be in serious trouble. This is often times the sad results of long term alcohol abuse. It does kill people all the time.
Theres plenty of logic behind it, its all economics. But I support weed being illegal. It might not kill people but its still really dangerous in other ways. Things can be dangerous without being deadly. Rope burn is really bad, but it wont kill you. I know a lot more people who have been harmed by weed than by cigarettes and alcohol combined.
Poor Prim, Life of Alcohol Abuse only to be exploded
Stupid question. Even Stupider answers. You can become physically dependent on alcohol, and the fact that you even asked that question shows that you are very far from being an alcoholic. It actually leads me to believe that you are a minor.
Ive used and abused both, probably too much. Alcohol will make you lose your inhibitions more. This is what makes drunk people so funny. They dont care what they look like in public and have lost their better judgment. Alcohol is also much more likely to make you sick than weed. You might throw up, wake up with a headache and be in the bathroom for the entire morning after. It also kills your liver. A weed high is easier to hide, but its going to hit your lungs. This will happen much later and odds are that most high school kids wont smoke long enough to get them. However, if you smoke enough, youll end up looking kind of dumb even when youre not high. Youll run slower and probably end up being a little lazier. That doesnt mean the stoner who lives on the couch, but you will get a little lazy. You will also gain weight. Youre going to eat a ton of food when youre high, and you might not hit the gym as much (your lungs will be effected). Listen, I smoked and drank my way into a real hole. I used to always say that its just some beer and some weed. I looked back on the times that I said that when I was snorting crushed up pills off of a bathroom sink, and going through an entire bottle of liquor within a few days by myself. Much different now, but those werent good times at all.
All of that stuff is fine if done responsibly. Go out get drunk and have a fun time. Just dont drive, get arrested, or hurt anyone. And alcohol is less frowned upon because its legal
No way he Always been stupid
Alcohol and the Blood: Extended alcohol abuse can cause blood conditions including several forms of anemia and blood clotting abnormalities. These conditions could result in susceptibility to bleeding and bruising. Prolonged alcohol use can also impair white blood cell function and thus makes the abuser more likely to become infected. Alcohol and the Brain: Please see our separate page about the effects of how alcohol affects the brain. Alcohol and the Esophagus: Half the cancers in the esophagus, larynx and mouth are linked to alcohol. Additionally, intense vomiting from excessive drinking can tear the esophogus. Alcohol and the Heart: Excessive and prolonged alcohol consumption can cause contribute to conditions such as high blood pressure, heart disease and heart failure. Social drinkers who binge can get irregular heartbeats from their alcoholic habits. Alcohol and the Joints and Muscles: Osteoporosis and and some forms of arthritis can be advanced by alcohol abuse. Further, alcohol can lead to muscle atrophy, which can cause sharp muscle pain and weakness. Alcohol and the Kidneys: Prolonged heavy drinking can cause kidney failure. The primary functions of kidneys are to regulate the composition and volume of the fluids and electrolytes circulating through the body. The kidneys regulate water, acid/base balance, certain hormones and minerals (calcium, potassium, sodium, etc.) in the body. Alcohol can influence or compromise the balancing functions of the kidneys, and thus can cause severe consequences on kidney function and thus the body. Alcohol and the Liver: Cirrhosis is a buildup of scar tissue that changes the structure of the liver and blocks blood flow. Cirrhosis can be causeed by alcoholic hepatitis, which is, of course, caused by overdrinking. Cirrhosis can cause varicose veins, which can rupture and potentially triggering internal bleeding. Alcohol and the Lungs: Heavy drinkers are more susceptible to pneumonia and lung collapse, and also have more pulmonary infections. Alcohol and the Pancreas: Alcohol can reduce the amount of digestive enzymes secreted by the pancreas, thereby inflaming and leaking digestive enzymes, which subsequently attack the pancreas itself. Alcohol and the Reproductive System: Because of alcohols affects on the brain and alcohols effects on the kidneys, hormonal production is affected. In men, this could mean that the production of sperm and testosterone are affected, and that can lead to impotence and/or infertility. In women, estrogen metabolism in the liver can be decreased, which boost estrogen levels in the body. These changes can contribute to menstrual irregularities and potentially infertility. http://www.bloodalcohol.info/how-alcohol    Hope I helped.
well you fit the description of an alcoholic, and you especially suseptible to it since alcoholism runs in your family. I dont understand why you find your drinking problem so funny, but you should definitely get help before your disease progresses. Look into AA meetings or a rehab center. I have an addictive personality too and alcoholism runs in my family. I dont alcohol at all, thank god. Hope this helps.
Caffeine is the worst and most insidious addiction of all. Just have a beer or two and you cant help but lead a happy and carefree life.
Judaism tends towards moderation and balance and in my experience, this tends to carry over to drinking as well. Most of the Jews I know drink to enjoy it, not to get drunk. Things like a glass of wine to make Shabbat dinner a bit more special. Enough to celebrate, appreciate and give thanks, but not to abuse what G-ds given us. No genetics involved, this is as true for converts as it is for those born to Jewish families.
Alcohol is chemically addictive substance and affects the body and brain in a lot of ways, for example short cicuiting neurons in the brain to activate the feel good chemical (one of the main reasons alcoholics drink) or causing changes in sleep patterns from the body not being used to sleeping without alcohol. Sleep is a very complex process in terms of brain function<SEMCOL> so no wonder alcohol affects it.
Good question and not too sure of the answer. It penalises sensible drinkers and for those who abuse alcohol, they will somehow find the money and so a no win situation all round!
yea buddy your like me, extremely high tolerance. kind of weird though, i get it from my dad. usually its a gene
Because alcohol has precedence throughout history and has become engrained with our society. Since ancient Greece we have been drinking wine at parties. Marijuana became affiliated with religious ceremonies and wasnt as widely accepted. People used it as medicine for various medical reasons as well. Marijuanas place in society has rarely been known to be recreational until recently. Marijuana has lost its religious connotations and its medicinal role in society has never been significant. The government saw no benefit in legalizing it. The government didnt even want alcohol to be legalized but because it had already become the norm<SEMCOL> they couldnt prohibit the use of alcohol in society and just decided to regulate it. Cigarettes were really interesting because they got society addicted to them before the government realized how addictive and cancerous they were to society. Because alcohol is so widely accepted due to its history, its been viewed in a more positive light by mainstream society (although its definitely arguable that alcohol isnt even viewed in a positive light, its just acceptable). Marijuana has been viewed as just another drug that society doesnt need. It never had the precedence that alcohol had or the element of surprise/addictive properties that cigarettes had. The government doesnt want another cigarette or marijuana to become a norm like alcohol. Even though marijuana is the lesser of all these evils, they really never wanted any of these substances in the first place. They produced a bunch of propaganda such as reefer madness and such to keep people away from it. This caused much of the negative connotations that are associated with marijuana today. There are also a lot of negative stereotypes that have developed since then because of the counter culture that became associated with marijuana.
Definitely not. Things are getting way out of hand, but I think theres no stopping it. Also, where theres a will, theres a way. I started smoking when I was 13, my parents took all of my money and grounded me. After that, I still would find ways to get money and buy cigarettes. Its bad, but yeah. I dont think its going away anytime soon, if ever.
Maybe AA would help. My roommate goes to their meetings and she says that it makes her feel a lot better and that the people there are really understanding and loving. Another option is rehab. There is a lot of help out there and I hope that you find what works best for you! Its really tough to grow up with parents who are alcoholics, so I really hope you find a way to feel better. :) Good luck!
With some luck involved, many drug abuser will die at a younger age. This may be from overdose or accidents. Please do not drive on the road that my wife and kids are on!! Darwin award candidate?? I like the way you think. Blah.blah back at you!
Hurts your liver, breaks mothers heart.1
The bible does not say drinking is a sin. It allows for drinking in moderation (for those that can handle it). Getting drunk and abusing it is a sin.
Its self-medicating. To cope with physical or emotional pain. I dont know how a person can positively influence an addict. . . beyond telling the addict they are willing to help, that they love them and will support their efforts to stop using, there isnt much a person can do. A drug user must *wish* to stop using drugs, or no one else can really help. I dont know how they can quit. Lifes circumstances, the causes of the emotional pain are not generally very acommodating.
This is not even a question. you are just ranting.
definitly yes
No. As you may already know, Neptune has only a generational effect when it comes to the sign its in. Neptune in Scorpio lasted from 1957 to 1969 or 1970. I dont think that everyone born between those 12 or 13 years are all prone to drugs and/or alcohol abuse. The house its in, and also the aspects that it makes will show you something more personal and on an individual level. Usually squares and oppositions to Neptune from personal planets are said to be more prone to those kinds of addictions. Still, it is a choice and there isnt something within a chart that shows a definitive marker for alcohol and drug abuse. I have Moon square Neptune, but I dont drink or use any drugs. Not that all drug-use is always a negative thing or experience, but its just not something Ive personally cared about trying.
I just recently saw some "before and after" shots on the news in regards to drug abuse. Maybe if you run a search on "before and after alcoholics" you might hit on something. The pictures of the drug abuse I saw were absolutely appalling, given some of the pictures had captions stating what the person did for a living, and how long it took to reach what we would call ROCK bottom. I think it would provide a nice visual effect for your presentation, and would definitely spark conversation.
Yes. We know that cigarettes are dangerous and stinky. We know that alcohol is the cause of most auto accidents and fights. Yet, they choose to try them, knowing that they are addictive. Thats why we see smokers and alcoholics as stupid people who make bad decisions.
You are mistaken that devotion to God is the only well-known treatment for alcoholism. AA preaches belief in a higher power, but that belief does not have to be the Christian version of God. My mom has been an active member of AA for years and she does not believe in God. She believes in a spiritual higher being, as do many of the other members in her home group. The best way I can explain it is that they believe there is a natural energy that we all connect to, and you have to open up to this natural energy in order to be healed and decrease your dependence on alcohol. However, you CANNOT force someone to get into recovery. If he is lying about what hes doing, Im sorry, but you need to face the fact that hes not truly ready to get better. I have been in your shoes countless times with my mom, and I finally grasped the fact that she had to be the one to decide when she would follow through with her desire to get better. Even though they do want to end the hell they are living in, they have to be ready to face their own demons that led them down this path. Opening up that door and giving up the crutch of alcohol can be a seemingly insurmountable task. I recommend that instead of trying to solve his problem for him, you look up a local chapter of AlAnon and attend some meetings there. They will be able to give you more information about how to deal with having an alcoholic as a loved one. I wish you both all the best. EDIT Again, with all due respect, if he were truly ready to quit, he wouldnt be hiding his behavior. You need to realize and accept this. That doesnt mean that he doesnt WANT to quit.. who would want to continue struggling with such a difficult problem? What it does mean is that he isnt ready to quit. A lot of people misunderstand alcoholism and think that if the person isnt drinking, that means that they are getting better. However, this is not the case. A LOT of alcoholics give up drinking for time periods, causing their loved ones to think they are improving. Some alcoholics wont drink for months but then go on binges. Alcoholism isnt about how much someone drinks or how often they do it. Its about their inability to control it completely and the negative impact it has on their life and the lives of those around them. Give him time. Almost no one gets AA on their first try. In fact, the vast majority of those in recovery will relapse at some point. Additionally, when you have been living in the hell that is alcoholism, its completely understandable to doubt the existence of a higher power. Very few alcoholics enter AA sure of a God and trusting that they will be able to get better. This is something he has to reconcile for himself, when he is ready. Recovery is a life long journey and struggle. The fact of the matter is, you can throw different recovery options to him all you want. If he is not in a place where he is truly ready and able to be sober, none of those options will work for him. He has to find the answer within himself. I dont mean this to sound harsh at all, because I understand what you are saying and what you are trying to do. But this is the reality, and its one that all family members of alcoholics have to eventually face.
Drinking alcohol can increase certain side effects w/ sertraline. Sertraline is primarily metabolized by the liver, as is alcohol. You are messing with some possible serious health problems by combining these, including liver or kidney disease, mania, altered platelet (blood) function, seizures or epilepsy, plus more. This combo may also make negative effects on your CNS (central nervous system). ALSO, if youre younger than 24 y.o. you may trigger increased suicidal thoughts or worsening depression! This may sound like something that only happens to 1 in a million people, but youre wrong. These scary things show up in hospital ERs all the time. Is it worth combining these to get a better high to YOU? Youre young and impressionable. Just answer this Q before you do it again next time....
Patience is the answer. After years of abuse your body may take a while to adjust. However, as each day passes it will get a little better. It depends on your fitness level too, and what efforts you make to detoxify your body with a good diet and exercise. Prayer is good too.
Because it is. Is cancer a disease? Alcoholism destroys you from the inside out. In fact, of all the nasty drugs out there, alcohol is basically the only drug in which withdrawals can actually kill. Heroin and cocaine addicts get sick but the whine asses can suck it up and live another day. Internal organs will actually shut down if theyve been dependant on booze for too long.
all of the above. Alcohol is a depressent.
You are addicted to alcohol is probably why if you dont want to live that way..stop drinking you are just asking why...so Im not sure you want to stop though if you want to stop check out the info below You dont have to live that way anymore contact Alcoholics Anonymous in your area they are listed in the phone book tell whoever answers the phone you want to stop drinking and you need help--they will have someone contact you if youwant to stop drinking and are serious you will call Now have a look at the info on those links below
Alcohol has long term effects on the brain and nervous system as it depresses the central nervous system, Prolonged alcohol abuse permanently impairs brain and nerve function. The effect of alcohol on the central nervous system is as a depressant decreasing its activity thereby reducing anxiety, tension and inhibitions. Moderate amounts give the feeling of relaxation and confidence, alcohol int the blood slows reactions, make the drinker more accident prone.
So idk if this is dramatic to you haha but I love the show Degrassi and theres a character, Fiona, who used to be an alcoholic. She became an alcoholic after being abused by her boyfriend. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcsWtOIgb    I tried finding a clip of her from the show but I could only find like montages people made and I thought this one was good because it shows her drinking problem as well as what started it (the abuse). Hope this sort of helps. Theres a song in the background ("Let Go" by Frou Frou) but Im sure you could mute it or take some clips from that video. If I find a better video Ill add it in. Good luck! http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2    this is a playlist of a bunch of "music videos" showcasing her problems with alcohol so if you want you can browse those (again her name is fiona coyne) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA7u4OV3r    and this is a good one too
Vodka is no worse or no better than any other alcohol when it comes to damaging the liver with alcohol abuse. It depends on the amount of alcohol in each drink. Some people like beer while others like the hard stuff. If you drink a lot of either one long term, it can cause liver failure over time. Strange that you are curious about this rather than saving your life. I have 2 cousins that died before they were 40 from cirrhosis due to alcohol abuse. Your liver is showing sure signs that your liver is being damaged and headed that way big time. The thing about liver failure is the the disease is usually silent until the liver damage is far advanced and too late to save the liver. The only early sign that something is wrong will be the blood work in which your doctor has told you is abnormal. I think a lot of times the alcoholic does not care because they are rarely ever sober long enough to have a clear head to think about their impending death. They dont like to face their real world sober. I hope you dont have a family that will hurt the most from your not caring. Hopefully you are single and have no one around that really gives a crap what happens to you. The people that care are the ones that suffer and have to pick up the pieces after you die. Of course, having a drunk around all the time is not good either so maybe things will work out for the best after all. I might add that once the liver starts to fail, then its common for the kidneys to soon follow. You could already have permanent damage done now and be in the more advanced stage. Maybe you should google cirrhosis to see how it will all end for you. Arent you even a bit curious about that? It could happen before you reach 40 and its not an easy way to go.
Primary and Secondary Education? Haha! OK, so, there are multiple options why you behave this way. But just based on this question, it sounds to me like youre actually trying to ruin your success/future BECAUSE youre scared of success and/or trying it and failing. Sounds crazy, but it actually is very common among 20somethings. (And Im one of them.) We can also call it a bit "Quarter-life Crisis." I kind of suffered from that too when I was 21. I was scared of my future, scared of beginning to build my future, that left me an anxiety disorder. I didnt work even though my friends were working, I didnt go to university most of the days even though I was getting good grades and had good friends there. What you should do is let your brain control your actions instead of your feelings and fears. You sound like a smart guy. (Good writing, at least.) So I think you can do this even if you have a hard time in the beginning. You said getting help didnt work, you should try someone else then. Therapists are like BFs/GFs, even if hes the best at his job, if you cant click with that therapist, he wont be able to help you. (I had 2 therapists for my anxiety disorder. They couldnt help me a bit. The third one was absolutely fantastic, even after the second session I was already feeling better.) And I strongly recommend getting help for at least your alcohol and drug abuse problem. If you cant get help, you can still get rid of those habits. But itd be much quicker and better if you did get help. (Like trying to be a tennis player. Sure you can practice yourself, but a good trainer would be a good support, right?) When trying to get rid of an addiction, some best helpers are new hobbies and a new thing to focus on. (Im not just talking about alcohol abuse, Im also talking about your depressed mood.) Whatever gives you fun, go after it. You like music? Maybe learn to play the guitar or write songs. You like comedy? Maybe try to be a stand up comedy. You like helping people? Volunteer somewhere. Or go to a gym, have a healthy lifestyle and read books about it and such....etc etc You get the point. (I follow this advice when Im trying to move on from an ex-BF also. Thats some kind of addiction too and getting out of that routine requires some distraction too.) Good luck!
When did this start? If its a normal problem for you, I would say stop it during pregnancy. If you started it during pregnancy, it should probably be alright, and leave after pregnancy. Just make sure you stay away from DRINKING the alcohol:)
A standard drug test for alcohol detects it in the urine for up to 6-24 hours depending on your metabolism, hydration, gender, weight, amount drank, etc. As Im sure you know, generally your liver can process about 1 drink per hour (1 oz of liquor, 4oz of wine, 8 oz beer) which clears out 90% of the alcohol from your body. Having a couple of drinks (Im not sure how big the bottle you plan to drink is) should not make you fail your test. Be careful though- if the substance abuse center suspects that you drink there are additional tests they can use that can detect byproducts and metabolites of alcohol that remain in your body longer than the alcohol itself for up to 72-80 hours. If your confident that they center would not use this type of test, you should be fine to drink a little bit. Sorry I cant give you an exact number of drinks or time line but it is impossible to calculate with so many variable that can impact how fast your body metabolizes and excretes the alcohol from your system.
Alcohol is a depressant and inhibits the brains function. It is slow to happen and the user usually doesnt realize it is happening. Thats why most recovery programs start with the first step is admitting you have a problem.
People can overindulge trying to fill a void in their life. They get addicted to how drugs make them feel better and continue to take the drugs. They need more and more. The message here is that the love of God, etc, will fill that void permanently.
Best thing I ever did was go to an aa meeting. Theyre everywhere there is millions of people like us. Search for an alcoholics anonymous meeting near you and youll find one. Just go to one and see what happens trust me if I can get sober you can too. The only people that can help you is other alcoholics I promise. Ive seen doctors an nonaddicted counselors and it doesnt help. Im only 22 days sober and it feels so uch better than getting wasted all the time. I actually really truley love the feeling of sobriety way more than being high or drunk. Its absolutely a gift that you can get too. I am 22 yrs old and going on 23 days sober best thing I ever did. They say go to 90 meetings in 90 days but just go to 1 and I can almost guarantee you will go back. Good luck
Look up AA meetings near you and get him to go. But even if he does go he has to be willing to quit to actually succeed and his parents need to find out but I would get to a meeting first u can go with him theres descrimination on age everyone is welcome whether your addicted or not
Yes, it is the sugar substitutes, aspartamine and that phentalyine or what ever it is. They are both shown to cause cancer in mice (mercola.com)and the soda and food companies put all kinds of addictive things in our foods and drinks to keep us going back for more. Also, you will see that high fructose corn syrup, now called corn syrup, or fructose, or suctose. It is all very bad on our livers. Addicts are tryingj to use anything to quell the underlying imbalances in their bodies, and the medical profession is not set up to heal anything, and therefore has no way of helpinjg them heal. They are impotent when it comes to healing. Addicts need specialized nutrition, specialized healing methods that work, like eftuniverse.com or eftmasters.com And hormonal help. Addictions trigger the adrenal hormones that are in over drive all the time keeping them hopped up on adrenaline. that can be an addiction in itself. It will wear down the adrenals where they need more and more until they give out. They are just trading one addiction for another, and soda is a bad choice, but most see coffee and soda as better than drugs. If one has to choose, choose coffee.
I dont know statistics, but for myself and my peer group, it seems as though in high school the basis for the addiction is established. Meaning, youre still just using for fun or in social situations, but are not yet physically or mentally addicted. So, theres that aspect. Id say you need to educate yourself. The Stages of Addiction (http://www.thecyn.com/drug-addiction/the    Then, the worst thing for an addict is for someone whos not walked in their shoes to sit in judgment over them. Its worse with a group of people, if you can imagine that. So find some people who are willing to talk. You could have a series of speakers come. Talk to your councilor about it. Shell be able to point you in the direction of some  groups or even some substance abuse programs that would be willing to have you guys participate. To get kids involved, Id say you have to make it relate-able. You dont want some 70 year old whos been addicted to crack for 3 decades to come talk about how his life closely resembles the saddest country song never written! So be selective in the message that you want to send. I think its a great idea. I think that itll take a LOT of work and dedication, but that youre going to make a difference in your group of peers and thats all any of us can hope to do with this short existence weve been granted. Good luck!!
I think yes because he was in a street race and he got a woman killed because she was riding in the car with him and I dont think non-alcoholics would do that. Also he was drunk at the bar in the cut-scene in the beginning of dead island.
I am diagnosed with depression, I resort to alcohol because I feel less depressed when I drink,I know its not right but, its the way it is
There is a possibility that his lifestyle will rub off on you. The greater damage is how long will you be able to pull him along? Weed + alcohol + anger issues? Not the pick of the litter despite the feelings you have developed for him. It is more wise to learn who a person is, whats going on in their life, what has went on in their life BEFORE you connect emotionally with that person. After the connection is established it is much harder to break despite them being a negative part of the relationship. God bless, j
I think you are - see if you can go a week without alcohol.
Sorry Sam but your wrong, testing of hair can show up any alcohol or drug abuse for as long as its on your head, in other words if you dont have a haircut for six months, it can still be detected for six months.
Alcohol makes you age faster(bad way) get lots of different diseases(such as breast cancer). Recks your brain cells(makes you dumber). Do you want to be the girl who grows up to be the alcoholic drunk who gets payed minimal wages(or just a prostitute) and has family/relationship problems, i know its like the sterotype idea of people who drink, but it tends(like A LOT) to start and end that way. Makes your skin worsen. Youll regret it when your older Miss. Even if your drinking 2 or 3 a day, thats like more than what adults drink(who are in balance with wine and beer) and a very high risk for all types of cancers when your older. Drinking at 14 is way to young(at least in American) in law and physical health. And yea, its actually real that the bear/wine will add to your fattening since it has the calories and whatnot. _ _ _ _ _ Got this from a page... _ _ _ _ _ _ - Intoxication and alcohol poisoning are the most obvious. Shakespeare died from alcohol poisoning. When youre intoxicated there are numerous things that can happen. - You could possibly pass out after being intoxicated. All sorts of things are bound to happen once youre passed out. In most cases, the results are not pretty at all. This is one of the biggest problems associated with drinking. - You can vomit and lose vital fluids. - You tend to let go of your inhibitions when drinking. When that happens, the "truth" comes out. For reference, watch this movie from Hong Kong called "Drink, Drank, Drunk." You could get pretty violent and not know it. That is the one sign that you shouldnt be drinking alcohol. - Driving under the influence. Despite all the warnings, penalties, and so forth, people do drive under the influence. - Prolonged alcohol abuse leads to all sorts of things that will affect you for the rest of your life. I have an uncle who has been abusing alcohol for the longest time. I have heard stories from my relatives that arent so pretty. My uncle whom I havent heard from for numerous years is pretty messed up in the head as a result. Around 2004, he called our house and he sounded perfectly normal. Then a few months later, I find out that he was pretty bonkers. The result of the alcohol abuse destroyed his liver. Just about everybody should know what the livers function is. The liver is to purify the blood in your body. Without the liver, all those impurities and toxins will go into the bloodstream and circulate throughout the body. It will eventually affect the brain. That was the case of my uncle as he blabbed incoherent nonsense. Aside from that, its unknown how long he has to live. _ __ _ __ _ __ _ __ _ Another page... __ _ __ _ __ _ __ _ __ _ __ _ A heavy drinker is considered to be someone that has 2 or more drinks per day, which you do. Heavy beer drinking may promote abdominal obesity in men, so called "beer belly". Drinking beer in moderation will not cause obesity. Heartburn. Beer contains powerful stimulants of gastric acid secretion and may provoke gastroesophageal reflux and cause heartburn. "Alcohol consumption can increase the relaxation of the LES     the natural valve that keeps stomach acid in the stomach and out of the esophagus     allowing acid to reflux" - source Blood pressure. Daily beer consumption (approximately 40 g of alcohol) may increase blood pressure. Intoxication / Impairment. Even low amounts of alcohol can adversely effects attention and motor skills. In fact, many serious accidents are alcohol related. This obviously includes motor vehicles but can also include falling of your chair, down the stairs, out windows, etc. This can also include "Beer Muscles" (not to be confused with Beer Goggles) which can make the drinker believe they can physically take on any person in the room. Often times, the drinker is sadly mistaken and winds up sprawled on the floor with severe injuries. Dehydration. Only 10% of what you drink is removed through urine and your liver needs water to get rid of the remaining 90%. To do so, the liver is forced to divert water from other organs including the brain, which causes the throbbing headaches. Drinking a glass of water in between beers will help. Hangover. Most of us know the pounding head, cotton mouth feeling attributed to a night of heavy drinking. For those that dont, here is a very good and thorough explanation. For those that dont heed this warning, here this is how you can get rid of your hangover. ______________________ So dont drink...thats my suggestion. It doesnt matter if its good or not, its whether you know that its possibly deadly if you drink at this rate. And by every drink, just note to yourself that is it worth loosing your intelligence for this?
You did not cause, cannot control, and cannot cure your moms drinking. My bio mother was an alcoholic and so is my dad. It really sucks to grow up in an alcoholic home. Your mom has a disease and filled with self pity and guilt and lashes out at you...hurt people, hurt people. Try not to take it personally, I know it hurts. Remember that its the alcohol talking. She wont get help until she reaches her own bottom and admits she has a problemYou should definitely look into Al-Anon or ACoA meetings, both are support groups for people who have an alcoholic friend or relative. Please check out the sites below or message me if you have any questions. You are not alone. Hugs and Love <3
They would end up being a giant-sized pest to everyone. I hope Im never in a home where they have old drunks and druggies. They never stop being a pain in the a$$.
Yes. Anytime that you mix perscription medication and alcohol, you are definitely putting yourself at risk. You could cause a number of things, up to cardiac arrest (heart failure). And even if nothing happens to you, doing those two things over and over again could d some serious damage to your liver if you were to get addicted.
yes, there are different physical as well as psychological effects depending on the individual (after all, we are unique people... corny as that sounds). many sensitive artists cant handle weed because their mind is already "loose", my brother has rheumatoid arthritis at the age of 23, and some people never get addicted to cigarette smoking. but were all mortal.
Alex your dad has to want to stop, nothing you can really do. Alcoholism is a disease, it affects everyone he is around, not just your dad, everyone, his children, his wives, society, his parents and siblings, the list go on and on. AA worked for me and it can work for any alcoholic, however the person has to want it. Here is one thing you can do, when he is really hung over in the morning, catch him alone, give him a meeting list of the AA meetings, tell him you love him and you know he is hurting, Tell him to give AA a try, thats about it kid, he will take it or leave it, but at least you tried. And one more thing, you can say a little prayer for him, but thats it. An alcoholic will never get sober if it doesnt want to, you can pray for him to want to. God bless you for your big heart and love.
Ive been there too. there are many people out there with the same problem. We all know drinking is bad for health but we do this all the time.. Ive been to rehab which really helped me. Look only drinking is not our life. when you are high the other part of you tries to live your life do not let this happen.. try to live your life with joy pal.. :)http://www.rehabilitationtreatmentcenter   0
Some say if it messs up your social life,your family,or your job you need help.
good one, havent heard that one. (small chuckle)
Cite sources! Thats the best way to know if your facts are legitimate. Dont use/cite Wikipedia and the likes, though. Look for Research on the effects of Alcohol usages, etc. Opinions are okay to fill some of your paper, but back them up with cited sources.
It depends on what your going to discuss in the body paragraphs. Body paragraphs: Paragraph 1- underage people with drugs and alcohol-peer pressure Paragraph 2- consequences- depression and addiction, Paragraph 3- how that affects the society and family or the amount of fights and the death toll on the roads But you can say something like Many young people abide the laws and have their first taste of drugs and alcohol even though they are underage. Before they are even mature enough they are at high risk of becoming addicted. Most young people are influenced by their surroundings, especially peer pressure. And depending on what topic you use for the 3rd paragraph: Not only does it affect the person but addiction can also effect the people around them OR when someone is under the influence of drugs or alcohol it effects the way one thinks and their attention span, hence, one of the highest death tolls for youth is street fights and car crashes. This is mainly caused by a young persons stupid decision. I really hope this helps.
On this bright Sunday evening, Id like to tell you a story, and give you a different answer than you expect. Very simply, your brother is addicted to the endorphins the alcohol causes his body to make. Those are the morphines that most people make naturally, and dont understand that narcotics, alcohol, self-inflicted injuries, etc. are a way of self-medicating. Even bulimia, because the body makes endorphins after vomiting. So lets start out with you understanding that he is not a bad person, he just has an endorphin shortage, and no amount of talk therapy will change that. Okay? Im going to share what is probably one of the best-kept secrets within the drug rehab community. He does this because his body is only producing about a portion of the endorphins that the "normal" person makes. But theres a way to cause the body to make a lot more, and by using an alcohol rehab drug, Revia, to do it. Now, thats the making of an Urban Legend, except for being true. In the early 1980s, the narcotics addicts were filling the New York jails, and if they were probated, they went right back to robbing, burglarizing, mugging, etc. to get their next fix. Well, a drug was approved, called Naltrexone. Trade name Revia, and others, depending on where its made, etc. You could give the addict the Revia at the local community center as the term for their probation. They swallow it down, and stay in the room for a half hour. After that, free to go. Because even if they were to throw up, it would be sufficiently absorbed. The Revia is an oral version of naloxone (Narcan), which ties up the bodys narcotic receptor sites. A person in respiratory depression from a narcotics O.D., with enough to kill a horse, could be up and chatty within minutes after an I.V. push of Narcan. So there was no point in taking any narcotics, the sites were not available. The addicts were able to be probated. But, they HATED it. It made them feel terrible, without a way of getting better. Switch back to 1977. Some researchers shared a Nobel Prize for the study of endorphins, the bodys natural morphine supply. So the study of endorphins was a big deal in the early 1980s. Anyway, a neurologist named Bihari was part of the naltrexone administration. He wanted to know why an addict would go right back to doing it, even though they ran the risk of "cold turkey" if they got caught. He hired a researcher, who found that addicts were only running a third of the endorphins of the normal population, so the heroin etc. was a self medication. Long story shorter, he found that if you give the addict a small portion of the naltrexone, at bed time, the body checks its supply around 2 in the morning, finds it at zero, and brings the endorphin level to as much as 5 times what it would have been. So the addicts were waking up WITH NO NEED FOR THE HEROIN. And HE COULD BE WAKING UP WITHOUT THE NEED FOR ALCOHOL.And by bringing up the endorphin levels, it also serves as a mild antidepressant because the brain neurotransmitters are the precursor of the endorphins. Interested? Of course you are, or would not have asked. Im going to invite you to read the article Ive given in the site, beyond that calls for other things to be done, including getting a prescription for the Revia. And there are pharmacy companies that supply it without a prescription, such as one in India, another in Mexico. After all, it is not a narcotic, its a narcotic and alcohol rehab drug. Now, the way I got mine was to tell my doctor about having a "binge drinking problem" and that I wanted "to try Revia for a month" for the Sinclair Method, no problem. I had to explain it to him. But anyway, I dissolve one of the tablets in 50 ccs of distilled water, and draw up 4cc, for 4mg. The first website tells about it, and I hope Ive helped you to see a different direction. But anyway, the Sinclair Method has the person take a Revia a half hour before they drink. And instead of having to be totally abstaining, they can become a social drinker. But I think the Low Dose Naltrexone protocol has more value in resolving the cravings. Like it did for the narcotics addicts. Read the websites, especially the first one. See that Im not making it up as I go along. But narcotics and alcohol rehab centers would be financially devastated if people started doing it this way.
The sad thing is you have allowed your son to stay with a woman who has been abusing alcohol for years, to the point where he feels he, the child, has to look after her - "he wants his mum to stop drinking so much but she has been doing this for years now....he opened up and said he didnt want to go back.." so you took him to your home. But then "...he begged to go home to look after her..." No wonder he has gone off the rails. Where were you through all that? Surely when you did see him, you should have noticed something amiss? No wonder hes not sure you can or will care for him from this point onwards - thats part of the reason he wanted to go home, hes not sure of you, or if things really can/will get better. Thats how far lost he already is. You do need to take action, and sooner rather than later. Get a temporary custody order, get the ex assessed. Make damn sure that if you have a new partner that THEY are going to be up to welcoming a troubled teen into their home too. If hes not comfortable with you, hed rather be home no matter how bad it is, at least there he knows what to expect.
How to stop drinking alcohol Are you trying to decide if you should stop drinking alcohol? Maybe you   ve already tried a few times to just cut down, and drink more sensibly like other people seem to. Perhaps you   ve had limited success, you manage it for a week or so, but then you start drinking more again, then the blackouts and awful hangovers start, the guilt and the arguments with your partner. Do you finally decide its time to quit? It might be worth a try. So how do you stop drinking? The first thing to look at is: Consider your motivation for stopping Why do you actually want to stop? What are the consequences of your alcohol consumption? Weigh up the pros and cons of your drinking, the costs versus the benefits (write them down here if you like). What are the good things about your drinking right now, what does it do for you? This is important to consider, because you need to find other ways to achieve this. Then what are the bad things about your drinking? Really dig deep with this     look at your relationships, your health, job, self-esteem, depression etc. Next what are the good things you expect to happen when you stop drinking, how will your life be better? Finally what are the negative aspects of quitting? What is putting you off the idea? Again, this is important because you will have to find some way to solve these concerns. You need to be reminding yourself about this list of your motivations every time you think about having a drink. The next stage is to find out: Are you physically dependent on alcohol? For the sake of safety, if you are drinking all day from the moment you wake up in order to avoid your hangovers, then you will need some sort of medical supervision to help you through the detox. You might have experienced D.T.s before (the shakes, or Delirium Tremens to be precise), but full scale alcohol withdrawal can be an unpleasant business. Hallucinations, seizures, it can even be fatal. So you should see your doctor before you plan to stop drinking alcohol. They can help you with medication, or even a short stay in hospital to get you over the first week. If the thought of that scares you to death, then you MUST try and cut down a bit before you stop completely. So you   ve worked out why you want to stop, and if you can stop safely. Now what? You need to: Develop a plan for how you can avoid those urges to drink. Read our earlier article on coping with alcohol cravings first. It will give you a few techniques to help you. One thing   s for sure, will-power alone is not enough to stop you from drinking. You need to work out what are your    high-risk    situations, what are your    triggers    that make you want to drink? Some of these can be avoided, so make plans as to how you can avoid them. For those that clearly can   t be avoided, you have to start thinking about how you can deal with them differently. Make your own relapse prevention strategy. Now sit back and wait for sobriety. Ok, so it might not be as easy as all that (of course not), you may well slip and have a drink, you might even relapse in dramatic fashion and wake up in a ditch somewhere. Don   t laugh, it might be you. You haven   t failed, you just let that old habit sneak up and catch you unawares. This obviously isn   t going to change over night. And realistically, this is where you might need the help of a professional. You will need to replace all that drinking with other activities, which means you need to set yourself some achievable goals. The same goes for your feelings, learning how you can cope with difficult feelings without alcohol will take some time. Alcohol has been your way of dealing with everything difficult in your life, so you are going to have to find some other ways to cope, basically. You should regularly review what is working and what   s not, what things are still tripping you up and most importantly, what benefits you are seeing. Remind yourself of your original reasons for wanting to stop drinking alcohol. And of course, if you find that you need some help, try a counselling session.
If you care about this person you should NEVER give up completely. However for the sake of your own sanity and wellbeing you should take a less active role and simply just let the person know that you are there for them when they need you. You should probably keep an eye on them for any immediate medical problems that come with drinking but otherwise just be there to listen. Sometimes for them just knowing that they can call you when they need someone to talk to is enough. I am speaking from experience, an alcoholic will let you down time and time and time again, they will lie through their teeth and say things that will hurt you deeply but they dont mean it. Sometimes they will intentionally push you away but not to upset you, just to get you out of their hair so that they can drink without feeling guilty. Alcoholics can be very devious about the drink and will try and cover it up in any way possible and then tell you that they havent had a single sip. I know that this is extremely frustraiting for you when you know the truth but, if the person doesnt want to admit to drinking and they are in denial then no matter how much you confront them they will not admit to doing it. My Mum has abused alcohol for around 15 years, it wasnt until three years ago though that we (her family) knew how serious it was and that she was addicted. She got seriously ill and almost died in hospital from liver and kidney failure and blood poisoning. Through some miracle she survived but we were told that patients with liver disease as serious as my mums generally dont live past 5 years after diagnosis. We have tried to help her so many times, in as many different ways we could think of but she still continues to drink even though she knows it will kill her. An alcoholic doesnt think about the consequences of drinking, when they are physically addicted to it their body tells them that they NEED to have it. Its a horrible disease that not only has a devastating effect on the alcoholic themselves but also their family and friends. There are groups out there that can offer you support. I know how hard it is when you have to watch someone destroy themselves. You just have to keep reminding yourself that they dont mean to hurt you, try and see the person they once was before the drink became a problem and take some comfort in the fact that you are not alone, there are unfortunately many people in the same situation as us. xx
As a casual weed smoker, respect cannabis. It has dangerous potential as well. Any drug can and will **** you up if you do not respect it or do not use it in moderation. Cannabis CAN affect all people differently. I dont care what stories and statistics say, for some people, using cannabis CAN be a frightening experience. This is partially why cannabis is illegal. When people get drunk, theres no real mind-fckinness going on compared to that of what cannabis is capable of. Basically my point is the effects of cannabis are sometimes unpredictable and varied from person to person and strain or breed of cannabis that it is difficult for it to be legally condoned. I would not say cannabis is 100 times worse than alcohol, its equally bad and can have much more physcological side effects. The biggest factor here though, is political. The people responsible for making the laws against cannabis cannot suddenly back track after 30, 40 maybe 50 years or more and saying its illegal and say "yeah actually we were wrong its fine". The one who speaks first and says "maybe it was wrong" is not going to get elected because of the existing propaganda against cannabis use. If they say we were wrong about cannabis, suddenly people begin to question "what else were they wrong about" and will not continue to elect them. Theres also a theory that if cannabis is a short cut to happiness and euphoria, people will lack the motivation to do anything else. Why bother staying healthy or putting effort into a relationship to get sex when you can just spark up and get your high from weed instead of sex. It would probably interest you to watch this video: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=    Also, smoking "anything" is bad for you health due to the act of combustion. People might not get physically addicted to cannabis itself, but people CAN become physiologically to it and feel that they need it to have fun, concentrate, socialise or any similar activity. Thats when it becomes dangerous and people are operating machinery whilst intoxicated. Cannabis does affect your coordination and especially time perception at higher doses. Also its not necessarily easy to test for cannabis use.
Your family needs to discuss your mothers condition with her doctor about her cirrhosis. Its extra difficult for someone who destroyed their liver through alcohol abuse to receive a transplant. If her liver is so damaged that she will need a transplant to save her life, then she will need to contact a transplant center to be evaluated if that is an option for her. The first requirement of the transplant center is that they must detox for 6 months which means they must remain sober. They must show the transplant center that they are committed to getting well and remaining sober for the rest of their life. My transplant center also requires that they address their alcoholism through some kind of rehab or counseling. Its extra difficult for the alcoholic because they not only have to deal with learning how to live life sober, but they also have to deal with the disease of cirrhosis which is none too pleasant. Once they get through this detox period, then they will have to get evaluated which means they go through many many tests along with psych evaluation to see if they can qualify to receive a transplant. Once she goes through all her testing, then a group of doctors will go over everything and decide whether or not she can be placed on the list to receive a transplant. If yes, then the hospital may consider you or your sister to be her living donor. You will have to go through pretty much the same testing she did in order to be her donor. Of course you must be a match for her also. The donor must be in excellent health and the hospital must be one that does living donor transplants. Not all hospitals do them. The first step for your family right now is to find out how far advanced your moms liver disease is right now and take it from there. If she stops drinking and the damage is not too severe, she may not even need a transplant since the liver can still function pretty well even when it is damaged. When it gets to the more advanced stage of liver failure is when the person needs a transplant. If she does have cirrhosis, then she must absolutely stop drinking all alcohol or it will absolutely kill her in time. If the damage is not too severe yet and she quits, she may be able to save her own life by stopping. About her being confused, this could be related to her having cirrhosis but ask her doctor about it. Its pretty common for someone with cirrhosis to get confused if their ammonia levels are high. The liver cannot do its job well and ammonia will sometimes build up causing confusion. Medications can help control the problem. There is no cure for cirrhosis other than a liver transplant but not everyone with cirrhosis needs one depending on the amount of damage and the cause of having the disease. Cirrhosis is permanent liver damage. Scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver due to many years of inflammation brought on by alcohol abuse. There are other reasons for getting cirrhosis and alcohol abuse is just one of them. Dont let her doctor get away with telling you nothing. Set up a meeting with one of them and get to the bottom of things regarding your moms condition. She may need to get further testing done in order to get a more detailed picture of what is happening. A biopsy of the liver is the best possible test that will show the most. I hope your mom starts feeling better once she gets treated. All the doctors can do is treat the symptoms of the disease since there is no cure.
Her liver is affected, 99% guaranteed. This is heavy drinking (and other things like acetaminophen) damage this very resilient organ. If she stops drinking her liver will continue to function. But Cirrohsis is not reversable and a terrible way to go... get her to the physician and he will direct her from there.
none
If taken in the accepted manner, cigarettes are far worse. However, if abused, alcohol is worse. Alcohol dependency ("addiction") has far worse effects on your mind and body than nicotine addiction. Un managed withdrawal from severe alcohol dependency is one of the few withdrawal that can kill you.
Its extremely hard to stop drinking specially if hes gotten to the stage when like he has because the withdrawal is far more dangerous than the drink itself. What hes experiencing is called DTs it lasts a few days but is very very dangerous to attempt without medical supervision. People laugh and think alcohol is fun and theyll never become addicted to like say heroin etc but theres a point and hes crossed it into dependency and a vicious circle to escape. I would get him to see a doctor very soon as its also pretty likely hes may be showing early signs of alcoholic liver disorders which can creep up really quickly and not dealt with early enough could be fatal. You can talk to him about it but my personal experience is that youll get ignored and only the cold hard words of a gp/hospital consultant will/would shake them to their senses but then maybe not.. Good luck:)
none
i know in the Marine Corps it all depends on the situation if youre just chilling in your room drinking not causing problems and a upper enlisted finds you chances are not much will hapoen to you now if your out in town and get caught chances are youll get a njp (non judicial punishment) might lose rank probably be put on restriction and possibly have to go to the saco (substance abuse counselling office) now if you get caught doing something stupid and your underage like fighting or get a dui you could get proccessed out.
Where on Earth did you get the idea that it wasnt alcoholism until graduation? You could be 11 and develop alcoholism. I am not joking. Binge drinking is serious business, whether youre in school or not. It is dangerous, whether youre in school or not. Please talk with someone at your schools health center. Your drinking pattern is extremely unhealthy, and you need help. You may not be an alcoholic yet, but your behavior is problematic. You are abusing alcohol, and you are abusing your body. You will find it extremely difficult to cut back or stop if you wait. Just because it doesnt run in your family doesnt mean it cant strike you hard. Alcoholism can be a little more likely in those whose families contain more alcoholics, but it can affect anyone in any family. You can come from a family of alcoholics and not care for alcohol at all, and you can be the only alcoholic in a family of teetotalers. It doesnt matter. You need to cut way back on your drinking, and you know it. You are on the path to alcoholism, if you arent there already.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30JOLM6Vb    msg me on youtube I hope your bro knows what hes doing, if your drinking alcohol he shouldnt be taking roids because he can really damage his liver, roids are very hard on the liver depending on the kid you take. He can also mess up his hormones for life if he doesnt know what he is doing. You have to take way more things to counteract the side effects that roids can have on your body. msg me on youtube and tell me what and how he is using it and ill tell you if hes using them right. Im taking my first cycle of roids in a month but i know how to diet lift and how to take them properally without messing up my hormone levels for life. If your bro hasnt made any good gains naturally roids will not help they will only make it harder to get fit if used wrong and damage his body
drugs for pain -okay drugs to misused to be able to cope with your personal problems not okay. alcohol should be enjoyed especially when its mixed but I dont like it when people drink in high levels because you want to be wild and again forget about your problems. tobacco I have no interest in. Im skeptical about whether I want to be fully against it. I read about how its bad for you but yet it is legal and still popular. I think that confuses me. But I know some people get so addicted its hard to quit. Basically I hate it when people abuse these items because they are harming their bodies in my opinion. Thats why I feel this way. These items dont necessarily have to be banned, just stop abusing them. Its like a step down from suicide to me, you dont like yourself, or your life, or etc., so you use these things because they temporarily help you and you are actually hurting your body when you should be nurturing it.
About resentment and anger, there can be some reasons why you are feeling so much anger and resentment after beating up your abusive alcoholic father. You may be feeling sorry for having to punish your father that gave you life<SEMCOL> you may be sorry for your father not being a good loving and sober father<SEMCOL> for not being a good role-model for you. In the Bible it is declared that you should honour your mother and your father, but the Bible does not tell you what to do when your mother and your father not only do not honour you but your father ferociously did beat you for any unwanted trifles that you in your innocent way of growing up and of learning incurred into doing. But from the more natural point of view you did good in kicking your fathers bottom as he was not able to realize that he should control himself and treat his son in a fair loving way and show love and care towards your mother. Alternatively you might have called the police, or gone to the social authorities<SEMCOL> but you did not think of doing that. Also, your father may be feeling much shame for his being addicted to alcohol and for not having repressed his impulses to beat you. Furthermore, your father may be feeling shame for having got punished by his own son, therefore he doesnt look at you in the face.But now your father is more aware of the dangers from beating his own son. Then you might try and remedy in trying and finding a way to show your father that he is the only real father for you that you ever had and will have. You might try and show him alternative ways of behaving towards you and towards your mother. You might involve some friend of your father or of yours at making your father seek help against his alcohol addiction<SEMCOL> you might get your father involved in some sport, or perhaps in some activity where he would help others. Dear good friend of ours within the wider bounds of this great cyberspace, something like this you might try and do. Do also all the while be seeking for chances of lots great merry laughs in the company of your father and of good friends.
You have a alcohol problem and your addicted to alcohol... which is vodka. You need help. You need to got to Alcoholic Anonymous and seek help there. As when you drive and drink most people who are alcoholics either kill others while drinking or kill themselves. As most Alcholicis have medical problems like some singers have had like for example Hanks Williams Senior. And suffer like he did from Alcholism and suffer while dieing a slow death. I suggest 1 thing here for you. Quit trying to be part of the crowd and be yourself. Dont be a follower and be a leader by doing thing you feel is right and dont listen to others when they call you a chicken because you dont want to do what they do. As most of them who gives you advise is stupid. Because they are a crowd pleaser and a follower with other indivuduals. You need to stop before you get worse and hurt someone and yourself. Please seek help for your drinking problem. I use to drink heavy. I use to drink Vodka and drink boil makers. which is whiskey with a chase of Beer. I cam to my senses and stopped the stupidity of acting stupid and growup and quit drinking. I have quit drinking now for over 40 years. If I can stop drinking . so can you. Think about that. Good luck!
Alcohol has been tested. When you drink it. you know the results. In contrast "new recreational drugs" have never been tested for side effects. cancer rates, or psychological effects. It cracks me up when I meet organic vegans who think nothing of smoking or snorting substances that some community school drop out make sin his garage.
none
none
I think teens are usually viewed as stupid and immature, like they dont understand the world and that they overreact.
I have noticed that alcoholics usually only know one verse in the Bible - where Paul tells Timothy to take a little wine for his stomach because of his frequent infirmities. You can drink a little wine or beer, but know that those who abuse alcohol are very good at deceiving themselves<SEMCOL> and it may be by your occasional imbibing, you are emboldening someone else who really cannot handle it.
No lecture here. Acetaminophen and Ibuprofen both can cause liver damage. Recommended maximum of Acetaminophen is 4000mg within 24 hrs. Ibuprofen recommended maximum is 2000-4000mg within 24 hrs (depending on body mass). That being said, I would take the Tylenol with the alcohol, considering the maximum is more than the Ibuprofen. Ibuprofen can also cause ulcers and heart problems. This is another reason I recommend the Tylenol. If you are not doing this on a regular basis, you really have nothing to worry about. The liver is a very strong organ and can take a lot of punishment, but this is not a free pass to continually abuse it!!! Hope this helps!
Here is a bit of a qualifier first. I have more than fourty years of being a doing mime, and the rules are the same there, as they are for singing, or screaming. The answer is yes if its abused over an extended time it can do serious damage to your voice. Casual, and infrequent alcohol use will have little if any negligible affects on your voice. In short if you drink alcohol once a month say then it wont. However what youre experiencing now sounds more like the result of your vomiting, and not the alcohol itself. The advice Im going to give is also the standard that is applied to having had laryngitis, a throat cold, or straining of the vocal chords. Keep the use of your voice to as minimal as possible, do not try to sing, let alone scream. Otherwise you risk permanent impairment, or damage, and damage to the vocal chords. The best thing is to give your voice, and vocal chords some rest. You will need about a week at minimum of rest for the vocal chords to recover, from the stomach acids that came up when you vomited.
ure right. u get angrier as u age - older and older! lets face were all in denial. to get fun to be happy we need alcohol. how ridiculous! without alcohol we wont be happy?? silliest assumption. BUT it has been embedded into our psyche - so we think its great! we must hv it. and we bear the consequences of it. there are no +ve ones. can u find any? oh yeah - the profits and excess of profits that the bottlers make! and they call it connoisseurship! for once we stop to think the effects it has on our mind / body. the toll it has taken on our lives and the deaths it caused. we still dont learn, do we? no one dare to promote the opposite culture - hv fun without alc. for fear of ridicule / harassment by the makers / numbers aint large enough one thing for sure, our family has stopped this abuse and misuse
It most certainly is...it is a toxic substance and hundreds of people die from alcohol poisoning every year. Your body fights to process the poison safely out of your body at the rate of one unit per hour...one unit equals about one medium glass of wine or half a pint of beer, a single measure of spirits. When a persons body builds up defenses against the poison they become restless without work to do...giving you withdrawal symptoms (we call it a hangover) prolonged use and abuse leads to other parts of the body becoming pickled and damaged by the corrosive effects of the alcohol and the body failing to maintain other functions while dealing with the poison.
alcoholic cirrosis or alcoholic liver disease is contracted by actual severe alcohol abuse, like alcoholics, not one bad night of drinking. alcohol injures the liver by blocking the normal metabolism of protein, fats, and carbohydrates. this is easily spotted with symptoms such as n enlarged liver that results in a protruding stomach that you see on alcoholics often.
Alcohol is liquid, it is a drink. Drugs are not drinkable liquids, they are either pills, smoked, snorted, or injected. They are two different substances - hence two different classifications. You cannot make an alcoholic into a drug addict, and you cannot make a drug addict into an alcoholic - two different things, two different diseases, two different substances, two different modes of recovery. Its not about whether one is better or worse than the other, they are just different than each other.
tobacco and cigarettes are stimulants, they increase productivity, they improve your memory, the problem is addiction and other health hazard like the tar build up in the lungs, not to mention cancerous substances. alcohol is the worst legal drug thats out there. violent drunks are found everyday. In russia several hundred thousands die of alcohol abuse directly or indirectly every year. weed is illegal because its also hypnotic and a downer, it reduces workers productivity. Nations economy will suffer greatly if weed is legalized.
Well it is real hard to get off of the stuff! you have to first put in some water in the bottle to water it down and I know it will get you sick as a dog but it will all be good, after you stop being sick, then you will be cured. and dont go back to the Alcohol again just stay away ok. Yaw! I know this one because of Mom getting grandpaw sober all of the time.
If he is calling you worthless and stupid on a daily basis that is abusive behaviour and has clearly had an effect on you. Would you not be happier living elsewhere but keeping in contact? Or would you be happier keeping him at an emotional distance too? I think your idea of a letter is a good one. Alcoholics are not good parents and he is not likely to see how he is damaging you unless you tell him. As for a support system, this is something you are going to have to make for yourself - make some friends. You are 22, old enough to understand that sometimes sometimes you have to take a long hard look at your family and decide that some relationships are too toxic to be worth the cost of maintaining them. Where is your mum in all this?
i used to smoke cigarettes. i use smokeless now. i used to smoke pot and use most other drugs. i was an hard drug addict. unfortunately i have earned the right to state what I believe and it may surprise you. I am now a hard core Bible believing Christian of the alternative sort. iow, I go by The Bible and not what a church tells me. Short version, the government is two faced. It/they dont care about our health. Government cares about the bottom line buck. Right now it makes more money seizing cars, boats, houses and suit cases full of drug money than it would if pot/drugs were legal. They tried making alcohol illegal from 1920-1933 and obviously it did not workout. Every wonder why they did that in the first place? I wont get side tracked on that. Go read on it. If pot was/were legal most hard drug users never would have come in contact with hard drugs in the first place. Pot a gateway drug? I drank and took legally manufactured pills before I smoked my first joint. So beer and drug store medicines are the gateway drugs to marijuana, i think. Drugs are drugs are drugs are drugs. It dont matter if you drink it, smoke it or shoot it in your arm. The question should be why are so many people using these drugs. Also, how can we help the ones than can be helped? Will locking them up longer cure them? No buddy, it breads more crime and drug abuse. How would that help the average person? Less crime. Less jails. Less police to pay. You asked a simple question that aint so simple. Drugs are bad. They hurt you. They hurt those around you. Even pot. Even beer. None of it is good. Smoking cigarettes are bad. The government dont have the right to keep on causing our people harm. I want to be clear. No drug is good and i dont condone them. They hurts you physical mentally and spiritually. But the government does not have the right to tell you that you cant. It dont have the right to jail someone because they are hurting themselves. Well I am gonna quit now. Maybe go get me a cold one (Diet Coke).
none
Once addicted to alcohol it drags the whole life down.It may be come to know only after coming out from that addiction.When you are in the addiction you may not know what you are losing in your valuable life.
none
Not all rehab places are equal. A locked unit is not necessary at all if it is for voluntarily committed addicts and the addiction center has a proper technology on how to handle each case that comes in. Apparently you went to a place that gives you meds--and, by the way, most do. This kind of "rehab" has its own medical requirements to operate, like insurance, etc. This makes them wary of accidents or incidents and makes them take extreme measures, like the lock-down. Unfortunately this facilities operate more like a psych unit or jail. Im glad this worked for you but Im afraid that there is an option in which they wont give you meds, they wont lock you up, there are no "groups" nor psychs to evaluate for you, folks move through the drug or alcohol abuse rehab program at their own pace and are referred to as students, not patients. Also, they wont substitute one drug for another, etc., etc. This is the Narconon program. Narconon is the most effective rehab--by far, I know as I was an addict for nearly 20 years too and went through several rehabs until I found the one that handled ALL my specific problems. And not only handled all my "reasons" and problems but it handled some I did not know I had until I discovered them by myself with their amazing courses and practicals. For example I handled my honesty, my integrity and my communication and as if this was not enough this little courses and practicals gave me the ability to confront life and situations with confidence. There is not one day that I do not use the life skills learned there to help myself or help others. Today I have been drug and alcohol free for over 15 years and Im very successful at what I do and love, art. Also, I made a point of helping others and when Im not writing or helping someone with their addiction Im also volunteering in another non-profit organization. This is my way to thank Narconon for their invaluable help. When you have a chance visit their website and/or pass this info to someone who might need help with their addictions. The Narconon program is delivered around the world by many organizations and it is the most highly regarded drug rehabilitation due to its effectiveness. Oh, and I forgot to mention their detox is the best in the world too. Not only it handled my cravings but my eyesight improved and I felt so fresh and full of energy when I finished it.
1.What crime are they committing unless they steal or kill to get money?2. The medical community classified it a disease.
none
I am a grateful alcoholic in revorery. Have been for 7 years. You know your one if you cant stop drinking after you pick up that first drink. If you even think you have a problem with alcohol you should go to a local A.A meeting.Pick up a white chip. Get a sponsor. Do the steps. Share. Fellowship. Save your life. Just dont drink!
@Problem: BABBIES!
Yes, but only for GROUP policies. Not for individual policies. Also, NH is NOT a guaranteed issue state - if you disclose the alcohol/drug issue, you will be declined. If you do not disclose it, youll have your policy rescinded for fraud. They wont issue you a policy, as an individual, with a substance abuse problem.
I believe that He meant that you can consume it in moderation,not end up passed out on the floor.
That is the point that society should not take care of everyone. It is up to people like us that should be the leaders whether to decide what we should do to humanity or not.
I wouldnt listen to some people on here, for example, saying that any alcohol will harm you, and that you are addicted to the buzz. Thats bollocks, for a start, there are levels of alcohol that are safe and some alcohol is even beneficial for you. Also, just because you like the buzz doesnt mean that you are addicted. I think you might be drinking a bit too much, maybe just cut down on how many shots are in each drink, ie have a couple of less strong drinks instead of ones with up to 4 shots in. Some people are more resistant to the effects of alcohol however, I think it ultimately depends on what you think is a safe amount. As long as you feel you are drinking a safe level and you feel healthy,
A list has nothing to do with sexual orientation, if that is what you are suggesting. Alcohol affects psycho-motor ability. 1) Are you aware that drugs (prescribed or illegal) and alcohol (toxic substances) achieve their intoxication effects through altering brain function chemically? 2) Are you aware that the human brain is not    fully wired    until the early to mid 20s? 3) Are you aware that the artificial manipulation of a developing brain may have permanent effects on neural connections? (see Chaos Theory for review of major effects associated with minor variations)    A slight change in the balance of brain chemistry can cause large changes in behavior.     Substance abuse and exposure to a variety of toxins can damage the brain, modifying intelligence, aggression, and decision-making abilities    (Eagleman, p. 157). The four major classes of abused toxins (alcohol, nicotine, psychostimulants, and opiates) microscopically plug into the reward systems of the brain, causing the circuits to be    hijacked    and enslaved (pages 204-205). These toxins artificially stimulate    the mesolimbic dopamine system (and) have self-reinforcing effects, and users (as a worst-case scenario) will rob stores and mug elderly people to continue obtaining these specific molecular shapes    (p. 205).
Dont do that your addicted, thats like people that inhale helium yes it well cause problems
There is no way you will get addicted. You will get a nice buzz that makes you very happy. You can control it easy.
You were not a problem drinker you were/are an alcoholic
So, I   m hoping I can help you. I   m a 30 year old female, but I   m an alcoholic. I went into a 30 day rehab program in August 2010. This program did wonders for me. I went from a daily drinker (totally functioning) of vodka to no drinking at all. That only lasted 4 months. This disease really is a *****. It   s the toughest thing I   ve ever had to deal with. I would rather cut off my arm than have this stupid addiction. But, it is what it is. Anyway, after 4 months of sobriety, I dabbled again and since then, I   ve been on an    On/Off    routine. I went back to an outpatient rehab facility after working 9-5 (so I would go from 6-9, five days a week) and this helped too     but only for the short term. I don   t love AA, though it does really help some people. What I can tell you is this     if he doesn   t want to stop drinking, he won   t stop drinking. I   ve promised my boyfriend hundreds of times I won   t take another sip. I feel better sober. But, I still end up giving into the temptation and once I start, it   s very hard to stop. It truly is a physical and mental disease. Anyway, what has helped me is ANTABUSE. It is a pill that you take that makes you sick as hell if you drink alcohol on it. This means that you do not have the option to drink, even if you want to. It stays in your system for up to a week, so I took one on Sunday and even if I tried to drink today, I would feel like I would die. I   ve done this     I drank on it and my entire body started trembling and I got so red because my blood pressure shot up and I honest to goodness thought I would die. Since then, I won   t come near alcohol. I just can   t and because I   m an alcoholic, not having the ability to drink does wonders for me and is the only thing that works so far for me for the long term. My boyfriend and I are getting along so so much better and while I totally still think of drinking, I just know I can   t. I take that pill once a week while my boyfriend watches me so he can trust me because all I do is lie when I drink. Listen, you don   t deserve beatings or being spit at or anything. Does he want to stop drinking? If so, I would highly recommend getting those pills from a doctor. If you can   t/don   t want to get them from a doctor (not a lot of them will write a script for them) you can get them through online pharmacies. If you want more info, message me back. But I   m telling you     I can relate to the disease. If he REALLY is a good guy when he doesn   t drink and if he wants to make this works between you and he knows he   s wrong     then he should glady want to take the pill. And you have to watch him every single time he takes it so you can rest easily. Good luck.
For one, what kind of mother leaves her children at home to deal with a drunk *** person for 2 months why she vacations? Its summer why didnt you go with her? For 2, Your dad is a lost cause im sorry to say. My mother and step father are alcoholics, my father is a recovering one as well as my step mom (20 year sobriety), and my baby sister and brother, i thankfully dotn drink bc i see hwat it has done to my family. Your dad talks to himself bc he is drunk, and about the clothes......well addicts do weird things....... its sad and he needs help all u can do is talk to him ab it. but im afraid since he has been an addict for 20 or more years, its going to be like this until he drinks himself to death.
i absolutely support it. im tired of being a criminal for doing something that hurts no one. if weed is illegal there is no reason why tobacco or alcohol should also be legal. anyone who says its harmful, causes any damage to the body, is addicting, etc is terribly misinformed
Those who lose control when they drink, frequently drink more than they meant to, swear theyll never do it again, but they do, those who tell themselves that they arent going to get into trouble if all they have is beer, but they do get in trouble because they cant stop at a couple of beers, are very often alcoholics. Now, theres a possibility that youre just young and stupid. Hard to tell from here. If you dont want to be how you are when you drink, and if it isnt hard for you to be a teetotaller, or if you can drink a beer or two and be just fine, why dont you just do it?
For starters, you are an alcoholic. It doesnt matter how much you drink. Its when alcohol starts affecting your life negatively and it becomes out of your control. The only thing thats gonna help is sobriety. Try alternatives to AA. http://www.mentalhelp.net/poc/view_doc.php?type=doc&id=28817
No, Im not. I dont even drink. Dont even try, or else youll be addicted. In the long run, alcohol damages the liver and some other parts of the body. In short-term, it makes you lose control, act beyond thinking, and worse things may happen..
3 The rods and cones in the eye transmit light and __________. Motions Reflections Images Color 4 _____________ who share the road with an impaired driver are at risk. All drivers 5 ______________ tends to make you take more risks at a time when you are the least able to cope with the risk involved. Sobriety 6 Do not park more than _______ away from the curb. One foot 27 The same amount of alcohol will be more diluted in a larger individual because _____________. A larger person has more practice drinking (i like this 1) A larger person has more blood and other fluids (best ans) 28 Careful driving requires appropriate reaction time, both simple and complex. Braking, and then shifting gears, followed by signaling, and then hitting the horn are examples of ______________ reaction time and are usually required in most driving situations. Complex 29 Boots or shoes should be high and sturdy enough to cover your ______ and give them support. Ankl
Alcohol Pot Smoking Not Linked to Lung Cancer Study Shows No Increased Risk for Even the Heaviest Marijuana Smokers http://www.webmd.com/lung-cancer/news/20   
Nope. You have to drink that stuff constantly. You have to develop an emotional dependence to it. I had an alcoholic Grandmother die of liver poisoning, another still drinks like mad, and my Grandpa stopped when his wife died of you know. My future is looking bright eh?
Kaylee, I ans. ALLL questions on alcoholism & domestic abuse. I am a 20+yr. sober alcoholic who also was married to an alcoholic. I got sober, he just could NOT get & stay sober. Alcoholism IS a disease. An addictive, cunning, progressive, killer disease. In time it just keeps on getting worse & worse. That I CAN PROMISE you. IF you think hes bad now, just wait, he WILL get worse. I drank for yrs., broke up marriages & hurt my now 3 adult children when they were younger & even left the home. How much I hurt my family & carried around tons of guilt. I got sober by going faithfully to AA mtgs. sometimes 8 mtgs. in 7 days also along with Alanon for my ex husbands drinking. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity!!! Honey, he is going to keep getting worse & worse unless he gets the help he badly needs. Either by going to AA, a detox, or 28 day program. He of course is also showing signs of abuse & IS abusing you. IF IF he ever lays a finger on you, call the Police & take out a Restraining Order out on him as I also was forced to do too. There is NO WAY you can do a thing to help him quit drinking as I hung in for 12 long yrs. & finally accepted the FACT it was over. Took him to mtgs. with me, umpteen detoxes, umpteen 28 days programs to NO avail. After 35 yrs. I just heard about him spending a yr. in jail for 7 DUIs, he is STILL drinking. Got out in Dec. & now is back in jail AGAIN!!! i SO HIGHLY suggest you find the next closest Alanon mtg. to you & GO, honey, I beg of you. They ARE THE BEST nicest people you could want to meet. All are exactly like you, will do their very BEST to help you IF you just ask. You WILL get ALL your questions answered if you just ask. Do NOT listen to all he says about you, hes actually talking about himself!! That too you will learn in Alanon. I met a girl 2 mons. ago I gave her my email address. We write EVERY single day. What a complete turn around shes done since weve been in touch & Im so proud of her. She & her husband are too separated. I live in NJ, she lives in Australia. Shes doing so well it makes me sooo happy Ive been able to help her & were now best friends. I just felt a need to give her my email address for some reason & will never regret it. Do NOT allow him to have you even believe you can help him, unfortunately you cant. He has a disease of alcoholism that IS going to keep getting worse & worse over time, I promise you that. I also BEG of you to find out the NEXT mtg. of Alanon &, honey, PLEASE GO for you, for him too. It WILL help you, that too I PROMISE. Please just DO IT & at least go to the minimum of a few mtgs. as you will feel "at home" & get all the help you need. I did for yrs. & would not be sober today if it werent for AA & doing ALLL the program taught me. My now adult kids are so happy to have their mom back again. Please trust me that I too want to help you IF youll do as I suggest you do...I DO SO care about you BOTH...:) Edit: (((DM))) My (((Sweetheart))), ONLY YOU KNOW how dear this subject is to my heart. How I do my VERY BEST to help ALL I can & it gives me a source of gratefulness to be able to HELP ALL I can & give it my ALL. KNOWING what its like on BOTH sides of the "coin". Just TRUST they take my SINCERE suggestions to heart so they WILL get the help so BADLY NEEDED. THANX FOR YOUR support to/with me, I SO VALUE YOU & your heartfelt friendship...MEGA hugs to you, (((Sweetie))) xx
none
As far as the ulcers go, stopping drinking would help them quite a lot. There are good medications for ulcers that can cause them to heal. Its pretty common for people who are heavy drinkers to develop ulcers. Cirrhosis is permanent liver damage that never goes away since it is permanent scarring of the liver caused by many many years of constant inflammation to the liver from alcohol abuse. Cirrhosis can be fatal since we all probably know at least some people who died of cirrhosis who drank all the time. Everything will depend on the amount of damage you have when you stop drinking. If the amount of scar tissue present in the liver when you stop is not very much, then your liver should still be able to function well even though it has some damage. But if the amount of scar tissue is quite a lot, then the cirrhosis will progress to total liver failure eventually whether or not you quit drinking. Its all in the timing. Once a person reaches 80-90%+ scar tissue damage with only 10% function or so left, then this person will most likely need a liver transplant to save their life. If the alcoholic quits when they only have 50% damage done, then their liver should still be able to do its job and function fine. Of course the ex alcoholic also has to avoid anything else that would harm the liver too such as medications, fatty diet, etc. They want to avoid anything that can cause the damage to increase after they quit. Keep in mind that the scar tissue that already exists does not go away even though that person will experience a big improvement in their health. Anyone with liver problems that also has kidney failure is usually those in the more advanced stage of the disease since when the liver fails, the kidneys are often times soon to follow. They try to pick up the job of the liver that can no longer function right which causes them to fail too. Kidneys are not meant to do the job of the liver. The bottom line is that if you stop drinking, that is absolutely the best thing in the world you can do for your health if you are an alcoholic. You should never quit cold turkey if you are a heavy drinker that will experience severe withdrawal. It can be dangerous to you and should be talked over with your doctor first. There is help available which can make it safe and easier on you.
because they are addicted
There are several ways how to help an alcoholic, but forcing the individual to get treatment is not one of them. Alcoholism is one disease where the person afflicted with it is often not willing to get help. While you cannot coerce the person to receive treatment, you can offer help. However, if you want the alcoholic to take your offer, you have to be mindful of when you make the offer. Timing is important when offering an alcoholic some help. Do not make the offer to help when the person is drunk or is drinking for more details call (877) 302-2983
Alcohol contributes to acts of violence<SEMCOL> marijuana reduces aggression. Alcohol prohibition = violent gangs everywhere. Marijuana prohibition = peaceful protests. Both have their uses and both can be abused. However, when you abuse marijuana you dont kill anyone, you just fall asleep.
Logic that will never be understood. Everyone was getting high in the 70s and those people ended up becoming our representatives and senators. Youd think they would have legalized Mary Jane by now, but somehow that didnt happen.
What do I think? Get ready for a surprise. Alcohol levels are going to be reduced & so gradually some might not even notice. The drinks industry has been told by government to decrease alcohol levels in their product to enforce responsible alcohol consumption. The government say no they havent, they have merely raised the tax on alcohol. The industrys response is to cut the alcohol in their product, thus making people who are alcohol dependant, buy more alcohol. Win/win for the industry & makes the government feel like theyre doing something to curb alcohol abuse.
Someone who is addicted to alcohol cant get away from it. An alcoholic can be using alcohol to help with emotional problems. It could also be an addiction. If youre using alcohol as a way to solve problems, thats a sign of alcoholism
***** google it
I work in an alcohol rehab clinic in the UK so I can give you the help you need, Im also a recovered alcoholic in my 6th year of sobriety thanks to Alcoholics Anonymous. We use the AA program in our rehab centre but you can recover from alcoholism by going to AA meetings and following their program without the expense of going into rehab. First of all it can be quite dangerous going cold turkey it can lead to fits which can be fatal. In rehab we give newcomers Librium in decreasing doses over 10 - 14 days, this helps the body to adjust slowly, we also give vitamin B because this important vitamin is depleted by alcohol abuse. I suggest you see your doctor first, be 100% honest with him, most people with alcohol problems lie to their doctor which doesnt help either of you. Youre not doomed to be an alcoholic, if you follow the AA program you need never drink again, thats a promise. There are many ways to find your nearest AA meeting, the web, telephone directory or your doctor, if you need any further advice youre welcome to email me privately and confidentially.
Have you went to a counselor to talk about it? You could be a sex addict and need treatment and if you are drinking a lot you will need detox and treatment. Get help before you ruin you life.
OF COURSE HE IS "DIFFERENT" WITH YOU..... LMFAO.... Do you REALLY think he wasnt "different" with his ex in the beginning? Guys like this have to get you in somehow and usually making you feel like you "better" them or are "special" is the way. I am certain she felt the same way when it started out and I am certain he told her many of the same things. Abusers of alcohol tend to be VERY good liars and manipulators. They learn to lie and manipulate so that they can continue their addiction. They also often tend to be very selfish and self indulgent people. The thing is they are EXPERTS at playing the victim. "he gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him." boohoo. They figured out that getting people to fell SORRY for them is the best way to keep doing what they are doing AND have people put up with it because OH well "he just has so much repressed anger you know?" Look if he isnt sober and in treatment then there is nothing you can do to help him. He HAS to help himself. If you get with him right now you are just allowing him to not hit rock bottom. You are making him feel like it is okay. I have dated and been around a lot of people with substance abuse and anger problems. This is NOT where you want to waste your time, TRUST me. You cannot fix him. He will only bring you down!
A waste of time. Next...
From what you are describing it seems clear that this man is in desperate need of some help to address his drug and alcohol addiction and the psychological problems that are motivating his substance use. Without removing the drugs and alcohol it will be impossible for him to truly look at his low self esteem and reap the benefits of any therapeutic intervention and difficult to differentiate between the moods the drugs are causing and the feelings which are causing him to use. If he is ever to have a positive relationship (one that you are in together equally and honestly) he needs to get some intense professional support to start with - best place for this is in a clinic where he is safe and supported round the clock by people who knows what he is going through. You can also get support from the clinic so you can help him when he has finished a rehab programme. It is certainly worth trying to find a counsellor you feel comfortable speaking to - although friends can provide immeasurably support and love having the input of a professional can help to provide a more objective perspective, especially as they are external to your everyday existence and do not have previously formed opinions. I know it sounds frightening, but treatment is the most effective way to get well - do some research into a appropriate clinics and find one thats good for him. There are lots of good websites and people to chat to - check out http://www.steps2rehab.com/alcohol-depen    for a start... Good luck getting you and your friend some help...
A few lucky people do not experience withdrawal when they give up something they are addicted to. Also, it probably depends on your motivation for giving up. If youre serious about giving up alcohol, have plenty of support around you and a solid reason to do so, it probably makes it easier for you to make that decision and get through the first few days.
Get his number, find out from a friend if you have to, this guy needs some serious help, help that you can not give him. If he is your first love and you are sure he loves you, then, make the decision to take this on. It is a decision, and a decision only YOU can make.
none
Walk away. Its not your job to fix him.
First off...if he is really bad into drinking..he should NOT detox anywhere except a rehab place. If he is a true alcoholic and drinks hard liquor all day, he can have a seizure that could possibly result in death. If hes just drinking occasionally...even if its everyday, but not drinking a whole lot you should be fine. The opiates is your hard part then. When detoxing at home, prepare for about a week of horrible withdrawals. The worst comes on about the 2nd or 3rd day and then gradually gets better. What you will want to have on hand is anti-diarrhea, because this will get pretty bad throughout, and even after he detoxes...maybe even for a few weeks...but that is not the worst part. Another thing you will want is sleeping pills. He will find it incredibly hard to stay asleep and will wake up with cold sweats and also wake up a lot to pee. For some reason people urinate a lot while detoxing. The third thing to have is sweets on hand. I have never tried but I hear that the sugar helps with the symptoms. Now this item, if you can get, will be a life saver. Also if you do get what Im about to say...scratch the sleeping pills. Any kind of Benzo...which means any kind of prescribed anti-anxiety medication...such as Xanax or Klonopin. These are the 2 that I know of that work great. If you dont have a prescription for these they arent hard to find...from a family member or friend that is willing to give a few milligrams away. These will help TREMENDOUSLY with the withdrawals...and will most definitely help him sleep. If you get ahold of these only give him about .5 of a milligram at a time. Make sure to ask what milligram they are from whoever you get them from. And if you get them and dont know what size they are...type the imprint thats on the pill into Google and the answer will come up. Or even go to a pill identifier website. I really do help you try your hardest to get some of these because I have been through withdrawals and they are incredibly horrible. I have never gotten through it without medical help. Another option is vallerian root. This is something that gives affects just like those of a benzo and is completely legal to anyone who wants it. There are ways to make tea out it and I have heard it helps very much. Get some movies to watch....screw just watching TV...you will want something without commercials that will help take his mind off of the withdraw. Action movies...or inspirational ones. Even a mystery...anything that he likes that he can get real into. Have him take showers a lot. Even though it will be the last thing he will want...due to the chills and goosebumps he will be getting...I promise you he will feel AMAZING while in the shower...as if it magically takes away the pain. Even for about a half an hour after the shower it will keep you feeling nice. Another thing is if you can get your hands on some Suboxen, get it. If you havent heard its a medication that they give to people who want to quit using opiates. They also use it in detox centers for a 5 day detox. A good point to bring up while talking about this is that if he has insurance...he should look up a doctor that presribes it. Go to the doctor with drugs in his system and he will most definitely get it. You wont even need to detox....its a miracle drug that is put under the tongue and left there to dissolve and within 15-30 mins all symptoms will be gone. He can stay on it for however long he wants then they will ween him off of it by tapering down his dose. I was on this before and it truly is a miracle drug. Dont consider it replacing one drug for another...its just like taking an everyday medication...no big deal. Im sorry for the incredibly long answer...and whatever you do PLEASE read the whole thing....I especially want you to see the part on suboxen, so hopefully you guys check that out and go with that instead of putting him through the horrible cold-turket at home detox. I pray that whatever you choose to do he doesnt suffer too much. The amount of withdrawals he will have is directly tied to how much and how often he was doing whatever he was doing. Good Luck and I truly hope I have helped at least a little. I will be glad to answer any question and if I think of anything else I will post it. Wishing you the best!
i did not consult nothing but i say beer because there is even festivals about it like guinnes corona budweiser and wine so m many people get intoxicated with it examples buchanans jack daniels vodka and brands like that those have to have to be the alcoholic beverages more used bye
First of all and this will sound so very cliche you have made your first step by realizing you have a problem and your second by asking for help. Good for you! Finding a drug that will help you quit drinking will only lead to the same problem you have now a new addiction. You became addicted to alcohol trying to quit using heroin. If you live in a big city then go to a local rehab center for help. If you live in a small town like I do then go to your doctor because sugar trust me he/she knows that you are using alcohol. They can give you suggestions on the best course of action. Be honest with him/her about your disbelief in God and not wanting to go to a 12 step program. I walked away cold turkey when I quit drinking but I was blessed to have the support of my family. GET HELP SOON! Blessed Be.
Because alcohol is socially accepted, people often dont think of alcohol withdrawal, but it can be very serious, and (rarely) even fatal (Im not suggesting thats necessarily whats happening with him, but it can be worse than opiate withdrawal.) Does he talk about having a drinking problem or needing to cut down or stop? Youve known him two years so by now you probably have a pretty good idea of his possible drinking problem.
alcohol doesnt OVERCOME shyness, it just hides it for a bit, you are still yourself when you sober up. Both answers are correct in their own way. Many people that have an alcohol problem started drinking because they were shy, however many shy people who drink in moderation do not develop an alcohol problem. Its not a healthy way to deal with shyness, as it just masks it and doesnt deal with it at all. A healthier way is to build your self esteem - it sounds all freaky and health guru, psycho babble kind of stuff, but it doesnt take long and in the long run you become a more confident person with drink, without drink it doesnt matter - YOU are overcoming your shyness. If shyness is a severe problem, talking to a counsellor/therapist for an hour can help, as can self help groups. Its a very common problem and so many people are getting help these days as theres so much out there to bash your self confidence (not big enough/small enough/tall enough/tan enough/teeth are not white enough - whatever) Alcohol abuse is not DUE to social anxiety. It can be any reason, or no reason - addiction is genetic. Many people drank because of shyness, but others drank because of abuse/separation/bereavement/anger/peer pressure/because everyone else did.
Alcohol makes me feel better about myself too. Its bad, but it does. But its bad for your self-esteem in the long run, because you could become addicted. Alcoholism and not being able to function physically, emotionally, and socially without alcohol arent things that you want to get yourself into.
Take drivers ed. Taking drivers ed is free at your school, if youre in school. Drivers ed, if you pass, exempts you from taking the drug and alcohol test.
Im not reading all that....but 40. im pretty sure its C. both of the above
Where did you get the money and then Ill tell you what I think...because if my taxes paid for your alcohol and food and Internet connection etc(ie are you on welfare) then I certainly will let you know what I think. If you are independently wealthy, then do whatever you want. ***Ok, got your message...what I think is irrelevant if you are drunk and blatantly state here and in your profile that you abuse the system..I see you in the future within the prison system and you drop the soap often as you will be shaking uncontrollabley from detoxing, then you will turn yellow from jaundice and then the end is near with a very painful death resulting from cirrhosis of the liver (no hospice or heavy drugs for you). I say prison because it sounds like you are really an angry person, you may be going to the store for more alcohol one day and someone pisses you off and you go off on a rampage. Anyway, I wont go on with my opinions, you arent worth anymore of my time. Im just thinking of how to get you reported to the welfare agency...............
Rowena, All alcohol is addicting but the least amounts of alcohol are the wine coolers they have less alcohol than any other drink, You are Smart to do this stomach problems or not, I have severe Acid Reflux Disease to where I had to have surgery and I think my alcohol intake was a big factor why so I quit all of it and if the coolers give you Heartburn or effect your stomach I would not drink it and try something else with low alccohol content. Good Luck Rowena. Rita
Problem with alcoholics, is that they can not control the amount of alcohol they drink. An alcoholic has to want to get better. No matter what anyone else says or does, they will not change until there is a want within themselves to change. It is sad to watch someone waste away I am sure. You and your mother need to remove yourselves from the situation, to instill a want in him to change. I almost destroyed my marriage because of alcoholism. Its amazing how much has changed and how much happier I am without it. Given an ultimatum, he has 2 choices. Quit or continue. But the choice however will be his own. You need to speak with your mother about it and let her know how you feel. Tough love is the only way with alcoholics.
quite often when theres a party. turn 18 a month from tomorrow, and i reckon for the first few weeks could get messy, i will be abusing the clubs. I love cider.
Honestly, none of that is safe, BUT, weed is LESS dangerous than alcohol and cigars. A cigar is made up of chemicals, unnaturally. All unnatural. Alcohol is a depressant, it slows your body down, and is very, very dangerous. Weed is a plant, its completely natural. Im not saying its safe or anything, and its okay to use. People abuse it. Its just natural, which is the reason why I believe its less dangerous than chemicals (cigars, cigarettes, spice, K2, ect..) and alcohol. People might totally disagree with me, but cigars are definitely way worse than weed, and I dont care what anyone says. As for alcohol, I think thats worse, also, when someone abuses it. Weed is bad when someone abuses it, just like alcohol.
When the liver becomes damaged by alcohol, than the immune system of the body will respond and cause inflammation to develop inside the liver. This inflammation is known as Hepatitis. If the alcohol is stopped, and the inflammation is treated...the problem could be reversed. The person is detoxed from alcohol and it can be reversed in Hepatitis. If scar tissue starts to develop inside the liver... this is known as fibrosis. When more cells die off and mores scar tissue is formed... eventually the scar tissue will connect together in the liver and this is known as bridging fibrosis. There is a fine line between fibrosis and Cirrhosis that can be crossed where a liver problem becomes progressive. Cirrhosis of the liver is not just damage to the liver cells...it is when the liver cells die off and form scar tissue inside the liver to the point that the scar tissue prevents the flow of blood reaching the functioning liver cells and also prevents the flow of blood through the liver on its way back to the heart. It is basically the liver dying inside a living patient. This is Cirrhosis...an irreversible, progressive disease. So It goes from Damage to the liver cells to Hepatitis (inflammation of the liver ) to Fibrosis (starting of scar tissue) to Cirrhosis (death of the liver cells, scar tissue formation, prevention of blood flowing through the liver) I hope this has helps you some. Best wishes
Marijuana should be legal and it will eventually be legal. Mexico and some countries in South America are already talking about legalization and they know that Americas war on drugs has done nothing but hurt more people than it has helped them. Uruguay just sent a bill to their congress on legalization of marijuana and if their congress passes it marijuana will be legalized there and manufactured throughout its country. This is only the beginning and I am sure more countries in South America will follow Uruguay in legalization and it will spread throughout the Americas and to Europe and so on. Portugal already has full legalization of all drugs. I say give America 10 to 20 more years and marijuana would be legalized or decriminalized to a point where every state will have medical marijuana which will practically be the legalization of marijuana. You will just need a medical card for marijuana which is very easy to get it seems in states such as California. Keep fighting for what you believe in and dont let these brain washed people convince you other wise.
By the sounds of it you or more to the point the person having problems need to contact a professional. Their GP is a good place to start or ask alcohol anonymous for help. Its a misconception that alcohol is a happy & safe drug when it is not. It also damages mental health, so someone with underlining issues, are at risk. See link below for AA. They will help, can offer you practical support & know only too well that those abusing alcohol, such as your family member, are often in denial & refuse help. Handled sensitively they will get through to the alcoholic but you may need to give it time, its not going to be sorted out overnight. Stick with it & contact AA.
"Please someone advise me." -- I will advise you but youre not going to like what you read. You are an enabler. You enable your son to pursue his destructive lifestyle. He manipulates you with suicide threats and you respond as predicted. "I know the easiest thing would be to stop paying his bills but my life savings are in his property and I will lose thousands if I allow the house to be repossessed." -- Evict him and either sell or lease/rent the property. You are doing him no favors and, despite what you may want to believe, YOURE NOT HELPING HIM. Why should he grow up and shoulder his responsibilities when he has you to take over for him? You allow him to wallow in self-pity, you make it possible. You have choices. You can get a court order to have him committed to a mental hospital or he can agree to commit himself. He obviously has a mental problem and the substance abuse may an extension of that problem, an expression of the problem, but the abuse is not THE problem. Or you can evict him and allow him to deal with his own life in his own way without your interference. I know this is hard to hear and even harder to do but do it you must! Hes getting something out of this relationship but so are you, whether or not you realize it. Its not a healthy relationship you have with your son. Let him stand on his own feet, or fall, and let him face the consequences of his decisions and actions. Youre preventing this. Hes 32!! And you need to tend to your own life and stop living his for him. You should seek counseling for yourself. Obviously, this situation you and your son have created cant be solved in a single Yahoo post and in reality will take years but you need to take the first steps that will ultimately benefit both you and him.
1 tim 3:2,3-. 2  The overseer should therefore be irreprehensible, a husband of one wife, moderate in habits, sound in mind, orderly, hospitable, qualified to teach, 3  not a drunken brawler, not a smiter, but reasonable, not belligerent, not a lover of money, THE KEY IS MODERATION.
Getting drunk is wrong, drinking alcohol isnt wrong. OUR Creator, who wants what is best for us, does not prohibit the moderate use of alcohol. On the contrary, he has given man    wine to make him happy, olive oil to make him cheerful, and bread to give him strength.    (Psalm 10
Now you can see the dangers of alcohol.You need to stop the boozing before your health really goes downhill. You are abusing your body thats why you have the shakes. The shakes can last hours or weeks. Drink lots of water.
Simply, no. And this type question makes me think youre a new drinker, still learning about alcohol. So let me throw this at you. Why are you taking vodka shots? Not really a traditional straight shot liquor. With vodka, either its cheap, where youll want some sort of mixer to kill the rubbing alcohol taste, or its expensive, where youll want to savor the taste, maybe by sipping it over ice. If you insist on shots, try a lemondrop. Its made with vodka, and is good in a bar crowd.
Injecting alcohol bypasses the stomach and intestines, so you cant vomit it away. That is your bodys defense against alcohol poisoning, so you are greatly increasing the odds of alcohol poisoning.
You have to tell your doctor about everything that may be affecting your health. He may be able to help you get treatment. Not knowing that you are a heavy drinker may cause the doctor to treat you in such a way that is actually going to be harmful. Your employers dont have to know anything, but if you are an alcoholic, they can probably tell. A doctor would know if youve been abusing alcohol a lot too because it shows in your body. Every doctor whos ever seen my father asks right off if he did drugs. Youre doctors probably just annoyed at you for lying and waiting for you to fess up. Get help please.
Chronic alcohol abuse is a leading cause of cirrhosis, but hepatitis, bile duct disorders, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and genetic disorders can also play a role in the development of the disease, according to the University of Maryland Medical Center. Common symptoms include fatigue, weight loss, nausea, abdominal pain, jaundice and swelling of the legs, feet, ankles and abdomen
This can affect you for your entire life because your brain is not yet developed, thats why the old expression goes "21 is 21". Even when you are 21 preeminent brain damage can occur.
Personally I drink to get inebriated. I dont particularly like most alcohol, but will drink just about anything<SEMCOL> however, I have acquired a taste for wine. Like you I once wondered why alcohol is so popular, but then I spent my first night drunk and had an enjoyable time. Unlike a huge portion of the alcohol drinking population though, I normally only drink near or at home. Im not into partying and completely refuse to drive once Ive had any alcohol, as well I dont like to get too drunk. Ive never smoked marijuana before, due to its legal status, but agree that if we will let people drink alcohol and use tobacco, we should let people openly use marijuana. Not only is marijuana nearly harmless and not particularly addictive, but it could also open new jobs and become taxable. The revenue possibilities of marijuana are quite impressive. Besides, it could likely stop people from turning to harder and more dangerous drugs and alcohol.
Bro. There are no benefits from abusing alcohol or drugs. Its all bad.
Treatment of alcoholism takes several steps. Because of the medical problems that can be caused by withdrawal, alcohol detoxification is carefully controlled and may involve medications such as benzodiazepines such as diazepam (Valium).[14] People with alcoholism also sometimes have other addictions, including addictions to benzodiazepines, which may complicate this step.[15] After detoxification, other support such as group therapy or self-help groups are used to help the person remain sober.[16][17] Thombs (1999) states according to behavioural sciences alcoholism is described as a    maladaptive behaviour   . He explains this must not be confused with    misbehaviour   . Behavioural scientists explain that addicts have a behaviour pattern that may lead to destructive consequences for themselves, their families and society. This does not label addicts as bad or irresponsible.[18] Compared with men, women are more sensitive to alcohols harmful physical, cerebral, and mental effects.[19]
Kate, how youve TOUCHED my heart. I am a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic. I too hurt my now 3 adult children as they were growing up, have divorces due to alcoholism. Alcoholism IS a disease. A cunning, progressive, killer disease. It keeps getting WORSE & worse over time. I got sober by going to AA mtgs. & also went to Alanon for an ex alcoholic husband. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. IF your dad doesnt stop drinking, honey, its going to keep getting worse & worse. He also is an abuser which many alcoholics also are. He needs Professional help in anger management to even hope to overcome that. Honey, his wife should NOT take the physical abuse shes taking. I too had to take out Restraining Orders as I was beginning to fear being permanently hurt or worse at my age. Your dad BADLY needs a 28 day program as at the degree of alcoholism where he is, is his ONLY hope. Alcoholism is also inherited, not surprised at all to hear about your brother too who ALSO badly needs help. Oh that theyd only go to AA together, support each other, get sober together. That would be a dream for you come true. When I first got sober I had a few short "slips" & in no time was rite back to square one immediately!!! My adult Daughter wrote me a letter Ill keep forever. She said she was no longer going to call me again after a certain time of the day. She knew I was drunk, it hurt her too much to talk to me. I then KNEW I MUST get sober & STAY sober. I used all the tools I learned in AA, got sober & thank God have been sober ever since. My now adult 3 kids are so glad to have their mom back again. Have a 22 yr. old Grand Daughter who never knew her drunken Grand Mother. I was sober!!! I so highly BEG YOU to find the next closest mtg. to Alanon & GO. They are the BEST bunch of folks you could want to know. Are ALL in the same boat as you, but will help you all they can to not only help you, but also your dad & his alcoholic wife too. THIS IS where YOU belong, honey, in Alanon. Your dad is just going to keep getting worse & worse as this IS the nature of the disease. I actually saw AA members having problems staying sober at one wks. mtg. & not there the next wk. as in one way or another they died due to their disease. You in NO WAY are responsible for the disease your dad has. Its utterly impossible for you to be. You too are a victim of alcoholism as were my kids. Your husbands wife should take out a Restraining Order against your father the next time he lays a finger on her. He wouldnt be allowed anywhere near her, nor to contact her in ANY WAY. IF he did, hed go to jail & that may be the BEST place for him. He needs a wake up call, but you cannot do anything to "get" him sober. You could write a letter to him as my Daughter did with me. Tell him ALL the things his drinking makes him do. Alcoholics ARE loaded with guilt. They KNOW what they do to others, but once they pick up that drink, out the window it ALL goes. Alcohol then completely takes over their lives in EVERY way possible. Again, I BEG OF YOU to please go to Alanon. You will immediately feel youre at home, where you belong. They WILL help suggest what to do about your dad & also your brother who is headed down the SAME path as his dad, IF I can get sober, ANYONE CAN also get sober, I use to live along walk in my door late at nite, not remembering where Id been or the whole ride home. Just walking in my door wondering how I got home!!! IF you truly want to help yourself, your dad & brother, GO to the very next closest mtg. of Alanon. I also have sponsored folks in AA over the yrs. Have now been writing to a girl in Australia for 2 mons. who was a total wreck just like you with an alcoholic separated significant other. She is a totally different person since I ans. her question just as I am yours. Im so proud of her & how far shes come. I live in So. Jersey & we email each other every day & now are best friends. Shes been able to "let go" of her alcoholic & how much her life has change for the better. She too now goes to Alanon that also helps her. Ill do EVERYTHING in my power to those who need/want help. Someone was ALWAYS there for me, I ALWAYS will be here for someone/anyone else. Honey, PLEASE please GO to Alanon is all I can suggest to you....I SO DO wish you all the best...:)
I tried zoloft and had to stop because of weird side effects. It helped me a little with depression but nothing for anxiety. Might have been the side-effects causing some of the anxiety, I dont know. I havent had a drink in a long time because I gave it up as a means of self-medication. The problem with alcohol is that there is a fine line between medicinal use and plain abuse. Its hard to find that sweet spot when the drug (yes alcohol is a drug) is affecting your judgement. On top of that you build a tolerance to it and it becomes even harder to get the amount right. Then in 20 years you have a whole different reason for anxiety because alcohol is so hard on your body when over consumed. My advice to you is be careful with the alcohol and definitely dont use it with pharmaceuticals unless the doctor explains the possible interactions. I live in a medical marijuana state and have had a card for 4 years. I started using it for permanent back pain but I found that it kills my anxiety and depression and now thats what I use it for. It did a great job on the back pain too. I would recommend trying it, if you have access, with the following caution: It has different effects for different people so it may not be for you. Some people report that it causes anxiety but you might consider seeing if it has the same anti-anxiety/depression effect that it has for me and a lot of other people. Compared to alcohol its very non-toxic and doesnt interact with many pharmaceuticals. Just a thought.
At 7 weeks, she should be able to pass it without needing a d & c, I did just fine. Due to the fact that is taking such an emotional toll on her, described by her alcohol abuse, she needs to see a support group, therapist, psychologist, or other mental health professional.
she has bipolar disorder for sure. it tends to be triggered by alcohol especially in women.
hahahaha, ur fine. You wont encounter any problems from what you described. When they talk about brain damage they usually mean with abuse and prolonged use. Stop worrying about it or it will mess you up.
You confuse living in America with being Christian. They are not the same thing. Alcohol consumption to the point of drunkeness is sinful to all Christians. To protect against that, some teach than any alcohol consumption is evil. May God forgive you. /Orthodox. About Orthodox Christianity: http://www.goarch.org/ourfaith/ourfaith8    http://www.antiochian.org/discover http://saintnicholas.ucoz.com/index/intr   
Answer: There is no way to know. Most people that drink alcohol are not and do not become addicted to it. Addiction is most likely caused by a gene by also can be brought on by other means like excessive drinking. For now we dont know how and why it happen for a sure cause. Chances are small that you would become addicted from a drink of wine. The buzz part is a great part of drinking. Most talk you hear about alcohol addiction are those unfortunate and unlucky few that meet the point were genetics and alcohol have a meeting. Think about all the people of the world that drink and how few of them become alcoholics, not much. Have the wine and get that buzz you deserve.
first - dont drink. i know you said not to say that, but you dont "need alcohol. you would be playing a dangerous game. i know it is taboo and somewhat exciting, but, it CAN most definitely RUIN your career if you are busted for underage drinking once you are in uniform. the military is for ADULTS, and quite honestly, if you are busted in the USA or any place where the drinking age is 21 and you are underage, your chain of command will have no sympathy for you, because you KNOW the rules, you KNOW the law, and you openly thumb your nose at it. not a real good way to impress your chain of command or your commander. it sends a real bad message. it says "i do not respect the law and disrespect the authority of the law". how will you be trusted to follow directions once in? if you dont agree with what you read in a technical order, you just going to blow it off too? ive seen a lot of military careers come to an end over booze. its not worth it. break the habit now. to answer your question, they do a urine test at MEPS. sometimes when they test for drunk drivers, they do blood, breath, or urine. so it can show up in your test results (if they dont smell it on you). the tests are fairly simple. they check to see how the test strips (or how the bubble areas) react to your urine. they search for drugs, and alcohol will show up in your urine. maybe not alcohol specifically, but the chemical reaction your body has to it. depends on what the baseline is for the tests. let me ask you something: is it WORTH it? is it WORTH taking a chance getting blitzed in hopes they do not discover it, and if they do (and they COULD) - is it worth losing a shot at a good career move? your call obviously, but if you are that psychologically addicted to alcohol, you are going to have problems (especially when you deploy downrange where alcohol is forbidden). good luck. be smart!
A human being that made a choice. why make any more of it than it is?
I believe they went about saying it in the wrong way. Drug experts and i share a very similar philosophy on drug use. Drugs are obviously bad for your body, we know that. But what ruins peoples lives, what makes them addicted, and sometimes even kills them, is indeed the drug, but it is indirect. The real culprit, is the user them-self. Alcohol has been in our history and culture since we discovered how to make it. Its been with us since the ancient egyptians. Drugs like Crank, Coke, Crack and Black Star are relevantly new to the world. Black Star (heroin) i think maybe a bit older, but i know that opiates have been around hundreds of years longer than the most notorious ones. Crank, coke and crack were created within the last 200 years. When we learned how dangerous these newer drugs could be. We made laws. Now, had it been around as long as alcohol, then i think some of it would be legal. They would have heavy restrictions, but legal. The similar ideology is that drugs arent inherently bad. Its that humans lose control and go overboard. This gives drugs a bad rep. I myself am an occasional-habitual Amp Head. I am like any other citizen of the us. I work, and practice a lifestyle to better myself morally and help others. For me its Buddhism. Since i was 15, which is when i started getting to the scene of drugs. My friends and i love social functions. The social functions are when we choose to smoke out for 3-4 days straight. Then when were finally content or run out of drugs, we stop. And continue with normal day lives. School, work. Relationships. Doing meth for us and some other drugs on occasion, is not an addiction thing. For us we use it recreationally, like ravers do with crank or X. I label every drug by lvls and are categorized by two reasons. reason 1 - is how psychologically and/or physically addicting the drug has the potential to become. Reason 2 - Is how strong/harsh/powerful the drugs effects are. Meth is dangerous in its own right, But it nothing like Black Start... Heroin i place at LVL 3(highest) because it can become both psychologically and physically addicting and because the effects are very pleasureable and just plain amazing. The world drug association i believe its called, also considers it the highest and lvl3. To me, cocaine is lvl 3, but very low and just barely make it there. The reason, is because cocaine, which is very similar in effects are also very different in that aspect. Both are stimulants, both affect the brain and the nervous system. BUT what separates them and makes them unique is HOW they do they affect... Cocaine blocks the some receptors in the part of the brain that deals with pleasure. The pleasure chemical dopamine, becomes forced through the free receptors and somewhat tricks the brain into producing more of the chemical and keeping it in longer. Experience wise, The initial rush and high is very intense and the high is amazing... AMAZING, BUT it can last anywhere from 15-60min this is short and the comedown is VERY bad. Makes you feel aweful, like you wanna die. Because of the come down, it causes humans to take more and more of the drug, to avoid having to go through the come down. Which increases potency, but also the eventual strength of the come down... Because of this, I consider it lvl 3, Coke also affects the heart directly and is the cause the most prevalent drug induced deaths. Even more than heroin. Heart attack is the danger here.. Meth (im on it now :D:D:D:D) affects the brain, by tricking the receptors into flooding the brain with incredible amounts of dopamine, and cause a pathway in every receptor, increasing intake rate incredibly. In everyday activities, like eating about a dopamine lvl of 30-50 is released. Meth causes a release of over 3000 lvls. this is 3 1/2 stronger than cocaine and 1200x more than what the body normally experiences. Now the reason i consider it less addictive, is that it lasts 10x longer than coke. Depending on quality and dosage, a decent intake will last anywhere from 6-9 hours before you begin to come down. Ive never had a come down with meth (Im lucky) but those that do get it, say its not as bad as coke, but still pretty bad. You dont have to redose like you do with coke.
1. alcohol is clearly worse not a single person has ever died from smoking pot NOT ONE! 2. all cases where pot was a factor in an accident, alcohol was also involved 3. pot is not illegal because people smoke it, its kept illegal due to fraud in our government. Every study ever done has recommended legalization, but its kept illegal because of its hundreds of thousands of industrial uses including fabric, paper, plastic replacements, resin replacements, rope, insulation, fuel for vehicles, food, medicine etc. 4. its been recently proven that it actually helps to prevent lung cancer ! and for years theyve been saying it cause cancer when all the time the data said the EXACT OPPOSITE Whenever you find out something is hidden or concealed,you find out theres more reasons that arent being talked about. Its called a cover up, and in my opinion its fraud and because its done by our government, with their full knowledge that what they are doing is wrong, and its a conspiracy with industries that dont want it legal<SEMCOL> including the justice system and the prison industry who make billions incarcerating pot smokers, growers etc. And thats TREASON So no wonder they fight it so hard. The moment the truth would come out, theyd have to answer why it was kept illegal if theres no legal reason for it. And then it would be obvious who was benefiting from it being illegal. In addition, what would they say to all the people locked up for possessing it? Read Jack Herers book The Emperor Wears No Clothes, its written to be easy to understand and covers all the issues very clearly. Anything you dont understand or think is true in it can be verified by googling or further study. Its all out there, easy to find EDIT theres some examples of the misinformation in these answers, someone claims to have worked in a mental health facility and says here that it causes schizophrenia well, thats completely untrue, what is true is that some people with mental illness, like schizophrenia can have worse symptoms if they smoke pot thats not the same as saying it causes schizophrenia. But saying it that way does make it sound really bad "Marijuana is also addictive <not really, it is habitual, but not addictive, theres a difference and any mental health expert who makes this mistake is either ignorant of the science or purposefully misstating the facts for some other reason> "and can cause just as much problems as alcohol <no it doesnt and any statistic will verify this, no major problems are caused by smoking pot, not families breaking apart, not traffic accidents, not health effects, NOT ONE THING THAT IS ANYWHERE EVEN NEAR WHAT ALCOHOL DOES, NOT EVEN CLOSE> " It can cause major depression, psychosis and cooks the brain. It can also cause drug induced schizophrenia <No it doesnt this is pure bull. Again, it does not cause depression, in some people it helps a little, anyone who has depression will tell you that it wasnt caused by the pot, they had depression long before they ever smoked pot. I for example was suicidal from about 12 years old. Never knew why, just was, and smoking pot gets me over the hurdle every single day and I make it through one more day without killing myself. Ive been self medicating for 35 years because theres no real treatment for depression, you just learn to cope and live with it.> "a whole ward full of marijuana and other drug related induced schizophrenics. which once they have it its always there <Again, this is pure crap, and the science doesnt support this persons claim, they are just repeating crap they have been told without actually looking at the studies of the brain and the facts as they are known> "Source(s): I worked at a mental health institution <personally I think this person may be lying, but Im not sure. To get this so wrong means either they lie or they are not really thinking about what they are saying> Sorry to be so harsh, but this is an important issue since if we had legalized it, theres a good chance we wouldnt be destroying our forests at the rate we are, we would be using hemp/marijuana alternatives in many industries which are ecologically way more sound that the current practices, and we would have over half the diesel engines running on hemp within a year of its being made legal
im going through kinda the same but mostly not.... im 16 and my dad is an alcoholic his still got his job but on weekends he drinks way too much 1 day i was outside in my garden and i found beer cans behind the shed or somewhere else hidden and between the ages of 13 and 16 my dad has told me to drop dead more than 5 times and worst part of it my sister died at 16 6 years ago and his telling me to drop dead isnt nice when he lost his other daughter but his alcohol problems didnt start when my sis died he has had a problem since his mum died when he was 16 so thats 44years of drinking heavily... his got knee problems now because his overweight aswell and his face is red and i mean RED... he is starting to have breathing problems whenever he starts drinking so i give up on helping he just threw it in my face whenever i tried
It is both legal and normal for people of your age to drink. Even in Nanny-State America, where the minimum purchase age is 21, most 16-year olds have tried alcohol. Indeed, there is evidence that the harsher the restrictions on anything the more the abuse (just look at the Prohibition years). Alcohol, in moderation, is actually good for you and its a good idea for minors to try alcohol at an early age so they can learn, under parental supervision, to use it responsibly. Take no notice of those, like Ross, who talk about brain damage - there is no evidence at all that moderate alcohol use damages the brain and there is certainly no magic age when it "become safe" to drink.
You say that your brother is an alcoholic which means that he is addicted to and cannot psychologically cope without alcohol. Does he drink heavily all the time even when he is watching sport on the television or does he just binge drink vodka when he can afford it? Theres a huge difference between binge drinking and alcoholism. From your post it would appear that you are merely existing in a household where your frustrated and aggressive older brother calls the shots. You mentioned your Mom as being ineffective against your abusive brother and I am sorry to hear that. Shes probably scared of him as you so rightly seem to be. Is you father living with you? Its very touching and evocative that you appear to still love this man<SEMCOL> its obvious that you have strong Christian faith. Many wouldve turned their back on such a troubled abusive person many years ago. You state that your brother has a history of arrests and run ins with the law, right? This means that he has a criminal record. Now if this record concerns his drinking and anti social behaviour it could be used as evidence, together with statements about his intolerable behaviour from you and your family, to get a Court Order to get a restraining order against him. He could be, with a little legal help, banned from entering your house or coming anywhere near you. Think about this. The next time he is drunk and making your life Hell call the police and have him arrested. A more extreme method of giving him a shock which may make him see the errors of his ways is to wait until hes drunk and violent, call the police and get him sectioned under your mental health act. This way he will be institutionalised, counselled and forced to dry out. Judging by his current attitude I dont think hell seek the professional help he so badly needs on his own. Good luck. I suggest that
Drinking to much of Titos Handmade Texas vodka is one sign. Drinking too much alcohol in general is another.
I think you should go to at least one AA meeting. You have a history of drug and now alcohol abuse. Some times the people we need to talk to the most are the people that are having the same problems that we have. Youre hiding your bottles and lying about drinking, that is a sure sign of someone who has a serious drinking problem.
switch drain cleaner with her alcohol.
ohh great i think you want Recovered from Alcohol Addiction. it is every essential for every one. because every one hate and dislike addicted people. I have just recently given up drinking alcohol. I have been a daily white wine drinker for the past five years. Usually I came home from work and drank a bottle throughout the course of an evening, followed by a late, nutritious dinner. It mainly was a stress reliever due to my high-pressure job. How [...]
Good for you, but you are already doing the detox. That is dealing with the withdrawal. The term has no meaning beyond that, except for the medical treatment for poisoning. Your body naturally removes unwanted substances itself, via the liver, kidneys and other organs. You cant improve on that without medical help. The alt med fad of detox and cleanses are pretty much baloney. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detoxificat   
obviously the wear on her body from previous drug abuse and alcoholism would of taken its toll but the excessive drinking she did that night just did it for her, i think the toxicology report came back that there were no drugs in her system apart from alcohol.
Heavy drinking once each week is binge drinking,very harmful. Alcoholism is a disease,often inherited. Alcohol abuse is drinking too much & not being able to control your actions or behaviour.
mainly due to rejection and bitter experiences they drink to detach themselves from their conscious self just to move away from the pain but they dont understand that that leads to yet another pain.. http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/se    http://www.teenhelp.com/teen-alcohol-use    all the best..!
As Femdyk said, ibuprofen is over-the-counter and not an issue in a drug test. Nobody cares. Hydrocodone is commonly tested for in employment drug screens. It can be okay to have it show up in a drug screen, but only for people with a valid prescription, which you dont have. If it shows up, youll get a call from the lab. Youll be asked to submit verification that you have a valid prescription for an opiate drug (which in this case would be the name and number of the MD prescibing hydrocodone). It doesnt matter whether or not your sister has a valid prescription. This is a very common situation in employment drug testing (someone else with a valid prescription gave pills to the person being tested), and its a fail if they catch it and you cant validate *your* prescription. You took two hydrocodone tablets Monday night and are being tested Thursday. You will probably be asked to produce one large sample of urine they will divide in half. They test the second when the first one fails just to be sure its not a testing error. Theres a good chance opiates will be tested and will show up, but its not certain. (If it isnt tested for, it cant show up in the screen, but opiates/hydrocodone are among the most commonly abused prescription drugs, so they are also very commonly tested for.) Two to four days is the typical range of time hydrocodone shows up in urine testing after being taken. For sure dont take any more hydrocodone before being tested! Stick to ibuprofen.
Many people do drugs and alcohol at this age...almost everyone at my school does because they think its cool. Try getting some help. Talk to a trusted adult and go to a therapist. You wont get cancer, but your health will deteriorate if you keeping doing drugs & alcohol. Try going to counseling groups as well. You can still live a healthy lifestyle, only if you take the steps to quit as soon as possible. My older sister, who is now 22, used to be addicted to drugs & alcohol. Now, she is perfectly healthy & is doing great in school! It is definitely possible...you just have to have the strength & motivation to quit. -Good luck & stay positive...praying for you
Its not worth it. Thats a fight as you progress using it, so do the problems to your mind, body and friends
I dont drink, neither does my husband. In my family, we have a history of alcohol abuse and we seem to be highly addictive to it. So, basically I see no point in letting them have a try. They can try it when theyre adults.
Drinking a little everyday is worst. as you can get addicted to alcohol. you can get serious health risks by drinking everyday. i should know im ,19,female, recoving alcoholic
I see what your saying. Id say if you want to drink bring limited money. The amount you actually want to spend and leave the credit cards at home. I couldnt tell you why its addicting I just know it taste good and makes you feel good lol. You probably dont want the feeling to stop. But yea just be smart when alcohol is involved. Limit yourself and have your buddies keep you accountable.
I would assume so. I was addicted to cigarettes for about six years, and now if Im having a bad day I can smoke one without getting the urge to do so when its not necessary. I used to drink but I wasnt an alcoholic, so I cant give my opinion for that.
It can be pretty frustrating trying to find recent & current information about FAS. But I did find a few which might be the sort of info your looking for. I also found a research link from National Institute on Alcohol abuse & alcoholism which has a number of researches done on different topics relating to alcohol abuse all most are dated last year, so you may have look through them find recent research on FAS.
verbal abuse is abuse. dont tolerate being put down by the man that is suppose to love you unconditionally. you have to put your foot down. try to work through it with him. tell him that he has to cut back on the alcohol. if he cant do it be woman enough to make some serious changes in your life. good luck in your situation wish you the best.
I know what you mean. Casual pot smokers get put in the pot(lol) with the people that try anything and everything just to get high. Doesnt help the case that it isnt a gateway drug. Alcohol shouldnt be illegal, just make all drugs legal then there wouldnt be crack and dirty needles. Which are the real killers.
Yes and no. Provided that you havent damaged any organs (liver in the case of alcohol) your body can recover from the effects over time. Even tobacco use can be reversed over time. But there may be psychological after effects that the body can not recover from without help. Endorphins are part of the bodys reward system for performing healthy behaviors. Sex, exercise, eating, and risk taking generally result in the release of endorphins. The endorphins "teach" the body that the behaviors that were performed prior to the endorphin release are behaviors that should be repeated. Alcohol as well as other drugs trigger the release of endorphins into the system, reinforcing the abusive behavior. Continued consumption strengthens this reaction. The theory suggests that for those with a strong endorphin reaction (generally due to genetic factors), the pro-abuse conditioning exaggerates the strength of arguments for using, and perpetually keeps using in the persons mind as a favorable option. So this is what often keeps people craving the substance even though its been years since the last time they used/drank.
We live in such a hypocritical world...All are wrong...Yet some are legal others not, In my opinion Cigarettes and Alcohol should be illegal and Weed and other drugs should be as about how Alcohol is today...
Have a look at www.steps2rehab.com/alcohol-dependency/ and www.steps2rehab.com/alcohol-abuse/ for some details about alcohol dependency and alcohol abuse. A person does not have to be physically dependent on alcohol (i.e. experience physiological withdrawal symptoms when they stop drinking) to have an addiction. Some obvious symptoms are drinking in the morning/through out the night to stop shakes, sweats, agitation that occur if too much time passes without them having a drink (www.steps2rehab.com/alcohol-detox/). However whether someone has a problem with alcohol is really defined by the problems it is causing them, rather than by the volume they are drinking: "It is not the quantity of the substance, but the behaviour around it that indicates a possible addiction. Contrary to common beliefs, you do not have to be drinking large quantities or using 24/7 to be in need of professional help." Any pattern of behaviour that causes problems can become an addiction - sometimes if a person can stop drinking they do not consider themselves to have an addiction, however binge drinking can be equally as serious and problematic as physically dependency. Hope this helps.
indirect affects can be things like being abused by an intoxicated person (things such as physical & verbal abuse and rape). Also, a direct affect can be hallucinations and risk of death. Good luck in the contest!
Just an educated guess: Based on "doing it hard". a. Narcotics-- can kill you in a short time to couple of years, esp by overdose d. Alcohol-- can kill quickly from increased risk of accidents, or in 10 - 20 years b. Steroids-- 5 - 20 years c. Cigarettes-- long-term killer, 20 - 40 years Do not recommend the abuse of any of these substances, especially narcotics, alcohol, and steroids. Cigarettes are not recommended period.
Yes, you are an alcoholic. Please get help soon. You probably already know this, but you cant function at work drunk and if you do, you will lose your license. Also, RNs have a high chance of substance abuse and narcotic theft. Youre going into a profession that has the potential to make you depressed, even more alcoholic or dependent on drugs. Please try to help yourself as you have a great career ahead of you.
Actually both, here is a serious answer, many alcoholics are self medicating another psychological or emotional issue. Treating the underlying cause is an important part of sobriety. Actually, if you are depressed and until treatment is available, its actually better to have a few, try to control it a bit. If I can find something, I would like you to view it. It explains exactly what is on the tip of my tongue with a bit of humor as well, something a depressed alkie needs :) *Edit, Here ya go, enjoy <SEMCOL>) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K46P7loIC    * One of the things he stresses in there you will notice is the myth of time limits, any notion of after x number of days and its gone is not really so, there are lines you cross, the 90 day and one year marks are indicators of how well it is going, usually a person who makes it 5 years has a chance of beating the odds, theres no such thing as guarantee with this disease. I personally know a guy didnt drink for 22 almost 23 years, a few bad things happened including burying his daughter, he was off to the races. Its a very puzzling thing these mental illnesses, especially addiction.
Honey, I am a 20+ yr. sober alcoholic. Was married to my ex husband for 12 long yrs, also an alcoholic. Thot IF IF hed only get sober as I had, our marriage would have a chance. NO GO!!! Alcoholism is a disease. An addictive, cunning, progressive, killer disease. IF you think hes bad now, just wait, he WILL get worse & worse. Many alcoholics are also abusers, Ive also lived with EVERY abuse there is. I got sober thru AA, but attended Alanon for his drinking. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. IF youve never gone to an Alanon mtg., I literally BEG you to go. They are the BEST folks you could meet, will do EVERYTHING in their power to help you. Just ask if you want. PLEASE please find the very next mtg. of Alanon closest to you & GO. You will NOT regret one moment of it, youll get all the help & encouragement you so badly need. I KNOW how you feel, walked in your shoes, took out Restraining Orders, was cheated on constantly. When I finally decided it was over, I felt like a ton of bricks rolled off my back. That was 35 yrs. ago. I since have found happiness with someone for 22 1/2 yrs. now. You DID DO the rite thing, honey, do NOT feel terrible. He IS going to keep getting worse & worse as thats the nature of the disease. At least your children can now be in a home filled with love & happiness. They no longer will be affected by his disease either. Put him in your past & keep going forward with your life. KNOW you did do the very BEST thing for you ALL including him. Again, I beg of you to go to a few Alanon mtgs. I KNOW youll not regret it. It will give you EVERYTHING you NEED at the moment. I will do EVERYTHING in my power to help ans. ALL alcohol & abuse questions. Someone was always there for me, I WILL BE here for anyone/everyone who needs help. Honey, just take things a day at a time. Tomorrow isnt here yet, you cannot worry about that. Just keep things in the now. IF you want to email me, feel free to do so, Im here for you, will help you ALL I can. But DO GO to Alanon if you do nothing else. YES, you did do the rite thing....I SO wish you ALL the BEST, honey...:)
You need therapy. Its only going to get worse. Drinking alcohol at fourteen and its illegal . Not only you can get in trouble but your parents as well. Your parents can get arrested for your mistakes and be in jail for a long time. Popping pills can become addicting and is also illegal for all ages. Self harm can cause danger to you and others around you. You do need help . You do need stop and you do need therapy. At the same time you need rehab. you need to learn how to function on your own without the help of drugs.
It depends what youre drinking. If its beer youre ok just dont overdo it. If its anything stronger than 12.9% you shouldnt drink it too often. Only once in a while. As I said it all depends on what youre drinking, all you need to do is make sure its not too powerful or you might get addicted. Hope I helped, Alin
You should call the police on the cocaine use. Of cours eyour bf is scared about what woud happen if he called the police but it needs to be done. The kids are in danger. Driving while impared kills people EVERY SINGLE DAY!!!!
- Rum is made from sugarcane - Tequila is made from the agave plant - Liqueur is made from coffee, seeds, herbs, fruits - Vodka is made from Potatoes or grains to answer your other ?s... 1. Consumption of any alcohol is illegal if not of legal drinking age in the Sate that you are in. 2. Consuming alcohol of any kind should always be done responsibly. 3. Most people start out drinking mixed drinks (screw drivers, etc) because dont like the taste of straight alcohol. 4. Alcohol drinks are not always to get smashed on - most adults drink it sensibly and in social sittings. 5. Alcohol is a Drug and if you overindulge often one can become addicted to it and then youre an alcoholic. 6. If you drink too much you run the risk of alcohol poisoning which can leave you in a coma or kill you. Long story short: Dont drink until youre of legal age and be responsible when you do. Hope I was able to answer all your ?s. :-) .
If you are telling the truth about your drug habits and you feel that you need to have someone tell you that you have a drug problem, you have a drug problem. It wouldnt surprise me if you also smoke cigarettes and drink tons of caffeine too - both stimulants in their own right. Its not my place to judge how other people choose to live their lives. But one of things I always do with my new intakes in group therapy is I have them estimate how much money they have spent on drugs and alcohol over the last 5-10 years (most addicts I treat are much older than you). Point is when people realize all of the money theyve spent on drugs that could have been spent on something more useful or even just more enjoyable, it really tends to make people stop and think. Lets say that you smoke 10 pounds of weed a day. Thats it. This is not including alcohol or whatever else. But you consistently do this every day. That means youre spending 3650 pounds a year on just weed. And youre saying you actually smoke more like twice that - and drink and do speed. Who knows how much that costs. Take it a step further and you can estimate how much drug use costs you indirectly - how much money youve spent in terms of your health, getting the drugs, the things you need to use them (pipes/lighters e.g.) Just something to consider. So given this info<SEMCOL> you want to know if I think you have a drug problem. I treat addicts professionally. And in my experience when people have to ask others if they have a drug problem when they spend thousands on drugs/alcohol.... theyre in major denial. So much so that its almost pointless to try to convince them that they actually do have a drug problem. Yes I would say you have a drug problem. A question for you and only you would be what do you intend to do about it?
Yes it sure can. Find something to do with your time now. your bored now, and drinking was a fun thing for you to do..could be a sign your growing up and you really dont want to.. sorry for that dont mean anything by it.
Making a comparison between alcohol and heroin is just stupid. Plain and simple. Weed is illegal because itd absolutely ruin the timber industry if it was legalized. That and because of the negative stigma it has. But honestly, I dont think weed should be legal. Despite what stoners believe, its mentally addicting. Ive had plenty of friends try and fail to quit smoking weed. Besides that, though, it causes so much lethargy and wasted time. But youre just going to disagree with me.
My mother was a severe alcoholic. All throughout her life she had bouts of binge drinking, then getting sober/going to rehab, then relapsing, etc. Her alcoholism is the reason my parents split up, its the reason her life never came together in a way that would make her happy and fulfilled and its the reason she died at only 61. Kidney disease. There were times with my mother when she was drunk that have traumatized me. We would get into vicious fights when I was a pre-teen/teenager, there were times I was sure she was going to die of alcohol poisoning or take her own life out of despair. My father had primary custody of me for most of my childhood which was a blessing but I worried about her constantly. She would get sober and life with her would be really, really good. Then she would relapse and it would be an absolute nightmare with no end in sight. So even when she would stop drinking I constantly worried about her giving in, and it always eventually happened. Now I am 26 and have an almost 3 year old daughter. Im married for 2 years to a man Ive been with for 8. I dont feel like I have any of the emotional problems youve described. Perhaps its because I had at least 1 parent who was always there for me and didnt put me through such horrible experiences, and also a stepmother who helped me so much when I was a VERY angry and emotionally unstable teenager. Something else I think is important to note is that my mothers alcoholism didnt just spring into being. She was molested by her own father as a child and then her first husband and the love of her life was killed in a motorcycle accident when they were in their 20s. Life dealt her a tough hand and she turned to the bottle for comfort and the strength to deal. Everyone who knows anything about addicts will tell you that most of them are deeply troubled by past experiences. Do you want that to happen to you? I dont. I dont want the past and things that happened to me that were out of control to define the rest of my life. So Ive let them go, and Ive moved on.
Yes, you can go through alcohol withdrawal/detox as many times as you relapse and then dry out again. Alcohol withdrawal can be fatal, so this is not to be taken lightly. There is also a syndrome known as the "kindling effect"... which basically means the withdrawals worsen each time you detox. Please be very careful. Other than barbiturates, alcohol withdrawal is the only potentially fatal detox process out there. It can take up to 6 weeks for the most severe side effects to fully subside, but several years for the anxiety and depression to truly fade.
it takes years for alcohol abuse to show , basically when you see people waking up with the shakes coz theyve had no alcohol then you know its too late ! itd take drinking everyday till one passes out , waking upto drinking again , poor eating or exercise habits over so many years ! dont let people like " kev " get under youre skin , and if it irritates you that much , you have the option to report him , coz under hes answer you,ll see a small flag to the right ! click on it and report him , rather than descend to hes level of " internet bashing " ! thats youre chioce however ! since youre new , asking a question is - 5 pts , choosing best answer to youre question gets you 3 pts back , answering a question is 2 pts , getting chosen as best answerer is 10 pts ! voting and signing in once daily is 1 pt each ! for more details go to " about " at the top of this page <SEMCOL> " about " ....................................... " how answers works " .................. " points and levels " ..................... " community guidelines " ............. " community guidelines " is very important coz not all answers or questions are allowed , and most violations fall under " chat " !
Marijuana has a half-life in your system. How long it takes to leave your system depends on how much you smoke. But the time maxes out at around 45 days. One smoking session for someone with a clean system takes about 3-4 days to be clean. Smoke 2 days later and then have to wait about a week, and so on. The time it will take roughly doubles every time you smoke until it maxes at about 45 days to be clean. So if you are maxed out and you wait about 2 weeks and then smoke again, youre basically back to 45 days. Marijuana can be detected in urine for nearly a week after smoking. Blood tests can be more accurate, and it might take a month to be totally clear. Hair tests show every drug ever taken when that hair was growing - this is why you see so many drug addicts with shaved heads or buzz cuts, by the way. Also by the way: taking laxatives and drinking wacky chemicals wont "cheat" a drug test. It will just make you go to the bathroom! These drug tests are designed by experts who anticipate what the drug user might do. Be very careful of "remedies" for getting around drug tests. They flat out do not work and could do damage to your body.
Could be dangerous... Read the following: Restyl(R) (Alprazolam) is an anxiloytic, a triazolobenzodiazepine compound with antianxiety and sedative-hypnotic actions. It is highly efficacious for the treatment of Generalized Anxiety Disorder, depression, stress disorders, Traumatic Stress Disorder, Panic Disorder, with or with out Agoraphobia. It also has an analgesic effect on chronic and organic pain of malignant origin. Why do we need to take Restyl (Alprazolam)? Restyl is very effective in the treatment of Generalized Anxiety in particular. In our day-to-day stress filled lives anxiety seems to be our constant companion. In order to raise the quality of life and relieve us from stress Restyl is a good medication to start with under medical supervision. Restyl also helps patients with panic disorders, depression and so on to lead a comparatively normal and anxiety free life. As we are all aware anxiety can lead to many serious complications especially cardiac problems. How Does Restyl act? Their exact mechanism of action is unknown. Clinically, all benzodiazepines cause a dose-related central nervous system depressant activity varying from mild impairment of task performance to hypnosis. Alprazolam binds to the GABAA, subtype of the GABA receptor, increasing inhibitory effects of GABA within the central nervous system. The binding site for benzodiazepines is distinct from the binding site for GABA on the GABA receptor. There are certain things, which you should know before taking Restyl (Alprazolam) Alprazolam concentrations may be reduced by up to 50% in smokers compared to non-smokers If Alprazolam is used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant while taking this drug, the patient should be apprised of the potential hazard to the fetus and ideally discontinue the drug. Alcohol should not be generally consumed during the treatment with Alprazolam Alprazolam undergoes transplacental passage and is excreted in human milk, nursing mothers should follow physician   s assistance in this case Good luck and God bless you
Hi there, You clearly care about your friend and it must be so hard to see him unhappy. The fact that you have asked for advice on this website shows how much you care and is a very brave thing to do. Even though 13 is young, the teenage years can be used to experiment in new things, such as drink and drugs, but that is not to say everyone who drinks or takes drugs becomes an alcoholic or a drug addict. Your friend maybe using drink and drugs as a coping mechanism for other things going on in his life. Unfortunately, as much as you may want to, you are not able to stop your friend from drinking or taking drugs, this has to be something he decides to do. That is a hard thing to hear when you care about someone. Your friend must feel like he can trust you if he is able to talk about things with you. Is there anyone else that he feels comfortable with and can talk to, a teacher or family member? Sometimes talking about worries or problems with someone else can help. It must also be very difficult for you as his friend seeing him upset, do you have someone you can talk to? Sharing your feelings with someone you trust is not being disloyal to your friend but a way for you to cope with what is going on around you. Maybe it might help for your friend to talk about his worries to someone outside his family and friends? Have you heard of Nacoa (National Association of Children of Alcoholics), they provide a free and confidential helpline for children affected by alcohol in any way. Their number is 0800 3583456 or their email address is helpline@nacoa.org.uk. They also have a website that you might like to have a look at: www.nacoa.org.uk This also contains others personal experiences and useful links to other organisations. Another website that might be helpful is FRANK: www.talktofrank.com. Hope this helps.
If your boyfriend is depressed and he is drinking, the alcohol will only make him feel ten times worse believe me. Tell him to quit as soon as possible. People dont realise that alcohol is a central nervous system depressant - it may make you feel good for a little while, but after drinking too much the negative effects start to manifest themselves. If scientists knew years ago the problems that alcohol causes today, it would have been banned as a dangerous drug. Long term heavy drinking causes all sorts of detrimental effects on the body so help him to stop now before its too late.
Sear at: Just dial google yellow pages good luck
sometimes yes, sometimes no. everyone is different
Buddah said that they should not be in your life at all. Since we have free will he didnt forbid but said that if you want to be good and to follow life properly then you cannot do them. Buddah was a teach, not a dictator. Here is the full teaching and below are the references to alcohol and gambling. http://www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/    7. "And what six ways of squandering wealth are to be avoided? Young man, heedlessness caused by intoxication, roaming the streets at inappropriate times, habitual partying, compulsive gambling, bad companionship, and laziness are the six ways of squandering wealth. 8. "These are the six dangers inherent in heedlessness caused by intoxication: loss of immediate wealth, increased quarreling, susceptibility to illness, disrepute, indecent exposure, and weakened insight. 9. "These are the six dangers inherent in roaming the streets at inappropriate times: oneself, ones family, and ones property are all left unguarded and unprotected<SEMCOL> one is suspected of crimes<SEMCOL> then rumors spread<SEMCOL> and one is subjected to many miseries. 10. "These are the six dangers inherent in habitual partying: You constantly seek, Wheres the dancing? Wheres the singing? Wheres the music? Where are the stories? Wheres the applause? Wheres the drumming? 11. "These are the six dangers inherent in compulsive gambling: winning breeds resentment<SEMCOL> the loser mourns lost property<SEMCOL> savings are lost<SEMCOL> ones word carries no weight in a public forum<SEMCOL> friends and colleagues display their contempt<SEMCOL> and one is not sought after for marriage, since a gambler cannot adequately support a family. 12. "These are the six dangers inherent in bad companionship: any rogue, drunkard, addict, cheat, swindler, or thug becomes a friend and colleague.
Im NOT a Liberal in the usually defined sense, and I DO own guns...and I think there needs to be something done of a "common sense" nature to ensure better safety around firearms. Most of the gun owners I know are indeed responsible people for whom I have no issues...but I do know at least 4 people that cause me a level of discomfort because I know they own guns...too many guns and the wrong types of guns, for their emotional stability and mental maturity levels. You present an interesting logical argument. However, you might also consider that most car drivers dont cause accidents, yet we insist on giving them a license before they can legally drive. Furthermore, we insist they acquire certain endorsements before they can drive certain vehicles like motorcycles or semi-trucks. So there is a precedent for requiring additional certifications at least for "operating" certain pieces of equipment, if not actually owning them. I know all the concerns about additional gun control and the "slippery slope" it represents. But there is still a problem, and there CAN be solutions if both sides would stop being so stubbornly (and stupidly) intransigent on the situation. (I might also add, there have been a number of times after there has been an incident of parental stupidty that has resulted in the death of a child (such as leaving an infant in a sweltering car), Ive heard many of my gun-owning, "conservative" friends make comments like, "Jeezus, there should be a law about who can be a parent." Really? But not, apparently, about who can own a gun...)
I live in a high welfare area (at least drive through one). ALl the gas stations accept EBT Cards. Now, you cannot use them to buy things like alcohol and such. HOWEVER, the stores just charge it to gas, which they can buy. It happens so often it isnt even funny. I would love to see an EBT Only store. Remember people that Welfare isnt supposed to be a healthy meal system that provides little children with cookies and warm milk every night. It is supposed to be ramin diet until you find a job. Otherwise, you are wasting money that others are paying you. Think of it as a loan. If your friend gave you like $300 a week, then saw you spend it on alcohol, cigarettes, and expensive food, he would be pretty mad. Well, that his how the American People feel whenever someone buys those luxury items.
Alcohol can be very relaxing and often helps to cheer you up but unfortunately those pleasant effects dont last. If you need constant alcohol to relax and be happy it can require greater amounts of alcohol to keep getting those pleasant and temporary effects and this can lead to alcoholism when you need constant alcohol to feel normal. To prevent this happening you must not exceed one or two drinks a day and you must have at least two alcohol free days every week.
For rough drafts, yes. For editing, no. Unless youre talking about alcoholism and writing, then no, it doesnt. Are you talking about occasional drinks that may inspire creativity? Or long term abuse?
No... when you are addicted to drugs you love being high and soon enough you will need to get high or you get sick. When your addicted to drugs all you want is another pill... when your "addicted" to anime your just a nerdy asian kid. Dont compare that to someone who is addicted to drugs... its offensive
Given the opportunity, an addict will do whatever they need to do to get the drugs or alcohol. You are absolutely right not to trust him because until he decides to get help for himself, no one else can help him. Don t feel guilty, he will use it against you! Thats what they do.
Its a complicated situation, and you know better than I do. You must choose between your happiness or your fathers, and its hard to decide. Im a person who sacrifice itself for who I love, so Id choose my fathers happiness, but its up to you. You can also ask for a psycologist what to do, and theres nothing to be ashamed of that! I hope that the situation will get better.. Good luck! p.s.: Im an italian girl living in Italy, so I guess my answer will be full of mistakes, and Im sorry about that.
They are not the same. You cannot make an alcoholic a heroin addict, and you cannot make a heroin addict into an alcoholic. A lcoholism is a primary disease, it is progressive, irreversible and fatal. It has a defined set of symptoms, runs a predictable course, and is incurable. It is a disease of the mind, body and spirit. You could force-feed the same amount of alcohol to two different people over a long period of time, since the substance alcohol is addictive to the human body, both individuals would become addicted to it. One might become an alcoholic, the other might not - removing the alcohol would prove both go through physical withdrawal. To show the alcoholic metabolism from the "normal" metabolism, all you need to do is give each person a drink of alcohol after thorough detox. The alcoholic will still be addicted, and will have developed a tolerance level, the normal drinker will not. Heroin is the most addictive drug on the market and the most difficult to stay clean from once addicted to it. It is the devil incarnate Very few heroin addicts get clean and stay clean longer than a year. Most relapse within days of leaving treatment. Statistics are heartbreaking with heroin. Most people who drink do so in moderation and never become addicted to it. Most people who try heroin are addicted from the first or second use.
Will we EVER be done with these comparisons between alcohol and marijuana? Look...the plain fact of the matter is BOTH of them phuck you up. Youre deluding yourself if you think you can get stoned and "drive fine." The fact that you think that is sort of scary. Ive worked with people who were just a little toked up and they were doing goofy stuff as a result...goofy and dangerous. Frankly, in my view, the world would be better off if we didnt have either alcohol or marijuana. But we do. The logical viewpoint would be, "Well, if both of them are bad for you, then isnt it better that at least one of them is illegal? Even if the one that is illegal is not the worst of the two?" But this isnt a logical world either. The practical fact of the matter is, most people who are going to get stoned, are going to do it anyway. It doesnt matter to them whether or not marijuana is illegal, or that the procurement of it is the source of bloody and costly carnage in several places in the world (I mean, that doesnt really matter to you, does it?) So from a practical point of view, I support the legalization of marijuana IF it is coupled with stern punishment for the abuse thereof. Like for example, when we catch some stoned moron who thinks theyre "driving just fine," they should be booted off to jail for a very long time.
Everyones a vodka addict when theyre in college, so go from there. Whipped Cream vodka is amazing (girls love it!) and sweet tea vodka is usually a huge hit too. Rum, like Malibu Coconut is always a good bet. Remember to get plenty of mixers that go along with your alcohols: Lemonade for the sweet tea vodka, orange soda and/or pineapple juice for the whipped cream vodka, coke or sprite for the Malibu. Make it easy for anyone to mix something awesome. Grand Gala (Grand Marnier is too pricey) and Kahlua are always popular mixers too. Oh, and beer. Never forget the beer.
Forget everything you ever heard about AA. Go along to a meeting and make up your own mind. You have a good awareness of your problem, thats a great start. You CAN get through life without alcohol but youve relied on it for so long, and it has worked for so long, its very hard to cope without it. Go into a meetng, you dont have to say anything if you dont want to, but you may find yourself saying exactly what youve sai here and getting great help and support. I couldnt give alcohol up on my own. I needed help, but Im sober now and doing things I never thought Id be able to do without my old buddy drink to give me false support. Best of luck to you, I sincerely wish you the best. And Ive met many alcoholcs your age and younger.
Im sorry, Amanda. It would greatly help your husband to get in touch with Al Anon, a branch of Alcoholics Anonymous that provides support for the family member of alcoholics. He needs to learn the skills be essay for dealing with his father. If he wont go, you go. This affects you, too.
No, alcohol is only dangerous when abused. A glass of red wine a day for an adult is actually healthy. Some heart patients are told to have a shot of brandy a day. It is when it is abused that it becomes bothersome. I wish you well.
Well if you go, chances are youre going to drink, so the best thing is to drink smartly. I remember waking up from my first night of drinking pressed against a toilet, with vomit all over my front and legs. Was not fun! If you want to try alcohol, remember this: For every drink, drink a glass of water. Alcohol dehydrates you, thus the dizzy and drunk feeling. If you drink water, itll prevent you from having a hangover, getting drunk, or being possibly taken advantage of by drunk people. I say, go to the party, but avoid the pressure to get drunk. It can be fun for a bit, but the aftermath and stories are NOT worth it! Take it from a girl who partied a lot :P Good luck!
Unfortunately yes you are an alcoholic and will always be one! Sorry to be so blunt but the craving of alcoholic will be with you the remainder of your life. Your brain is playing tricks on you from the previous abuse. Again sorry to be so harsh:) If you let yourself believe that only one can will do no harm and hat you are in control is BS! Stay sober you have gone this long and I will tell you the craving will not go away. Have you tried AA? Stay Sober and talk to friends whom share your same issues. They will help
I know a lot of people will say that an alcoholic cant go a day without a drink. This actually isnt necessarily true. It varies with the person. Some people go weeks without drinking and then go on binges for days. The at other times there drinking lightly everyday. But if you find yourself constantly thinking about alcohol and depending on drink to make you happy then its not a good sign. You may not be an alcoholic now but you may be in danger of becoming one. Many people dont realize that constant over drinking can cause the a change in gene expression in the brain, and that these changes are responsible for symptoms of addiction, such as tolerance, physical dependence, and craving. Whats worse is that if you have children, you can pass on this gene. Your children would then be about 30/40 percent more likely to be alcoholics. Alcoholism is a disease, im not saying that out of expression, its scientifically recognized as a disease. Its not something you want to suffer from so change your lifestyle if you think youre in danger of becoming an alcoholic. It not only effects you, but it hugely effects your friends and loved ones. Alcoholism is NOT a weakness. Ive seen the some of the best and most wonderful, kind, smart and funny people suffering from it.
Well I did not read through but I dont need to. It is very likely she is an alcoholic. It may have started as self medicating. But she sounds like one. I should know I am a recovered alcoholic and talk to slews of other alcoholics. I can tell you you cant make her get help you cant make her sober. What you can do is get help for yourself. There is a group called Al Anon which is the victim side of the AA program. It is for the Victim (which you are) of an Alcoholic. You need to get help and they will tell you what to do and how to live with or without them. Just a warning unless your mom wants help she is not going to get sober. Interventions are possible but do not have a good track record from what I have heard. Hope this helps. Help yourself then worry about her. There are also other support groups for Alcoholic/addict victims. Just go to one. My analogy on this is on Airplanes when they give the training about the use of the Oxygen mask that pop down in an emergency. They say put your oxygen mask on fist then worry about the ones around. Well you need to get your help first then worry about mom. They may have tools that will help her.
Simple. You must now become an alcoholic as well and abuse your children when you have them. PS. That "water" is vodka.
It really depends in the religion. -Muslims believe consuming alchohol is a sin because it takes you out or state of mind, and how alchohol is for the wicked . However the the Quran it says how there will be rivers full of wine in heaven. Oxymoron? -Christians, that includes catholics. Do not believe it is a sin to consume alchohol. Christians believe alchohol is a gift from God. Also they believe how everything in moderation is allowed as long as it doesnt hurt your body. & no, some alchohol does not hurt your body. It actually has been proven to help your blood circulation and much more. This also shows how drinking some alchohol is allowed but to a point where one is not over doing it or abusing it. Something important is that Jesus Christ, who is a prophet for the muslims, and the massiah for the christians, actually turned water into wine if you chose to believe the bible. & told his apostles how by taking wine and bread will allow people to have Jesus in their hearts always and never forget the great things he taught. Also for the muslims Muhammed who was a profit for the muslims whom God sent an angel to talk to him to start Islam. & has no part in any bible even though some argue he was forshadowed in the Bible. Muhammed was also a heavy drinker who claimed to stop after starting islam. To me personally it is not wrong to consume alchohol at a moderate ammount. No one likes a drunk anyways.Lol. Casually drinking is always the best way of drinking alchohol. Remember everything in moderate amounts can be good for the human body, wouldnt it be obvious that God allowed us to consume something that benefited us? Goodluck on your final thoughs. :)
Yes, seeing as alcohol shrivel ups the liver... It causes several other disadvantages. Your dad needs to cut short on them. Did you know that cigars actually damages oxygen in your lungs... It makes it hard to breath... The cigar addicts also have rotten teeth... I dont see why anyone would want to drink that... Unless they hate life, or they think it makes them stronger to handle life... It does nothing except damage.
When it comes to any addiction there are a lot of myths involved. Addictions are genetic, addictions are a personality trait. Sure there may be some studies or genuine cases where this is the case but I think most addicts use this as an excuse to absolve themselves of any responsibility. The key thing to remember is that addictions are behavioural based and they creep up on you. They are not spontaneous. No one wakes up one day with a sudden addiction to cigarettes or drugs or alcohol or painkillers. It happens over time. At least you are aware of what could happen to you. Thats the first step. So its okay to go out to parties and drink. Do it every weekend if you want. But if you find that you cant have a good time without a drink. If you start drinking at home alone. If you need a drink to get through your day. Then you will need to start changing your behaviours as an addiction might be occurring.
"Is it rape if you consent whilst under the influence of alcohol or any drug?" Absolutely, without doubt. "Also is it rape if its against your will, even if you gave your consent before but then decided not too?" No. "Deciding" not to isnt applicable under law. A verbal no would have to be uttered for the sex to not be consentual. EDIT TO ADD *chuckles at the thumb-down... check the law* In Canada: 273(1) Aggravated sexual assault     Every one commits an aggravated sexual assault who, in committing a sexual assault, wounds, maims, disfigures or endangers the life of the complainant. 273.1(1) Subject to subsection (2) and subsection 265(3),    consent    means, for the purposes of sections 271, 272and 273, the voluntary agreement of the complainant to engage in the sexual activity in question. (2) No consent is obtained, for the purposes of sections 271, 272 and 273, where the agreement is expressed by the words or conduct of a person other than the complainant<SEMCOL> (a) the complainant is incapable of consenting to the activity<SEMCOL> (b) the accused induces the complainant to engage in the activity by abusing a position of trust, power or authority<SEMCOL> (c) the complainant expresses, by words or conduct, a lack of agreement to engage in the activity<SEMCOL> or (d) the complainant, having consented to engage in sexual activity, expresses, by words or conduct, a lack of agreement to continue to engage in the conduct.. 273.2 It is not a defence to a charge under section 271, 272 or 273 that the accused believed that the complainant consented to the activity that forms the subject-matter of the charge, where: (a) the accused   s belief in consent arose from the accused   s: (i) self-induced intoxication, or (ii) recklessness or wilful blindness<SEMCOL> or (b)the accused did not take reasonable steps, in the circumstances known to the accused at the time, to ascertain that the complainant was consenting.
D. All the above. is the correct answer. All the above is the correct answer.
no, you should look at yourself and think "why am i dating an alcoholic?"
If I was a parent i would understand where you are coming from and would probably just explain not to do anything past weed, and not to get addicted to tobacco. My opinion is pretty biased considering im just a bit older and doing pretty much the same things though. Trust me your not the only one dealing with that.....
Alcohol is a drug. The reason its legal is that it is so commonly used. Alcohol was made illegal from 1920 to 1933 under the Eighteenth Amendment and the Volstad Act, but for many reasons the laws were repealed. Making alcohol illegal essentially increased criminal activity and discriminated against the poor.
First off, dear, realize that whether or not hes an alcoholic, whether or not hes in recovery isnt the primary issue here. Generally speaking, "getting married" works about like this: A random guy is standing at the bus stop, looking at the clouds, whistling. A woman comes along, looks him up and down, and says to him "Lets get married". He responds "All righty". And off they go. Ive simplified a bit, but the general idea is that women take the lead in romance, and men follow. Most men dont realize this, but 64 years of observation have convinced me that in most cases, thats how it works. For whatever reason -- shyness, fear of rejection, general moodiness -- he has courage to show interest, but lacks sufficient courage to come right out and ask. My respectful suggestion to you is to gently take the lead. Walk up to him, and say "Will you meet me for coffee after work? I need some advice, and Id appreciate your help." If he asks what kind of advice, say its about men -- that you think he knows a lot about romance because hes always so confident and find that incredibly sexy. When you get to the coffee shop, start a conversation about whatever -- olympics, hobbies, whatever -- anything but work. Before the meeting is over, tell him "Theres this movie I really want to see, but Id rather see it with a friend -- will you go with me if I buy the tickets?" You know what to do, girlie -- just get busy being in charge of making it happen. As to him being a recovering alcoholic<SEMCOL> understand that any addict, whether alcohol, heroin, pills, sex, pornography, or whatever -- any addict in recovery is learning an entirely new life with a new set of rules, new values, new ways of reacting to life. 2 years in is still pretty new<SEMCOL> I quit drinking 29 years ago, and Im still learning new ways of living. Its a wonderful life, but way different from the first 35 years of life. I have a daughter and a grandson who both have diabetes, and as their blood sugar levels rise and fall, so do their moods. Im pretty sure that an addict fairly new to recovery will exhibit a similar set of mood swings -- not bipolar, but a bit moodier than most people. As time goes by, and he becomes more comfortable in his "new life the moodiness will gradually disappear. If youre about to consider a relationship with someone in recovery, it might be a good idea to read a few books on co-dependence -- Janet Woititz, Mellody Beattie, Pia Mellody, Scott Peck all are excellent.
Your situation is awful. Unfortunately youre paying the price for your mothers inability to get real help for her addition. I have some advice for you that might help, but youll have to be very smart and patient because you might not get the answers you need/want right away. Basically youll have to do some asking around in order to find the right person to help you with your unique situation. AA does help a lot of people, but its not a "sure thing" for every addict. Your mom experienced some sort of trauma in her life, and this caused her to numb herself by using alcohol and drugs. Life is difficult, and certain people have poor coping skills. They turn to drugs to numb themselves from the emotional pain they experience in daily life. Its a way of avoiding her personal history and all the things/people who have hurt and disappointed her during her life. Please keep in mind that your moms negative experience with AA doesnt mean she isnt curable. AA is a twelve-step program, but usually hardcore alcoholics and drug abusers need one-on-one psychological therapy with a really qualified psychologist or psychiatrist-- someone with a Ph.D. in family therapy and addiction. I doubt the AA group leader she experienced was this qualified. Also, some people dont feel comfortable discussing all their problems in a group setting (its like baring all your nasty secrets to total strangers.) Keep in mind that she has to WANT to change her life for herself and for her family-- otherwise therapy is really useless. AA is not the only program out there for alcohol and drug addiction. Having said all this, I want to suggest seeking some help in several places. You can explore all of them and make the decision (for yourself) what you think is the best option for your mother or yourself. 1. A social worker at a hospital might be able to help you. You could go to a local hospital emergency room, and ask if you could speak with a social worker about your situation. They also might be able to help your mother get some free or low cost therapy and/or treatment programs that are NOT like AA. Many psychologists can give your mother therapy on a "sliding scale" where your payment is based on your mothers current income. If you make less money per year, you pay less money for therapy. You can ask them about this too. 2. If you think therapy is the way to go, you can see several psychologists in your town. Tell them youre interested in learning about their services for family therapy and addiction. Tell them youre 14 and dont have any money to give them, but you really need advice about a serious family problem. Tell them about your unique situation, and ask for their help/advice. If they dont offer therapy on a "sliding scale," then ask them if they know of any high quality, but low cost options for your mother and your family. 3. A guidance counselor at your school might be aware of options. You must (however) make sure that you expect them to keep your situation private, and not to contact your mom until youve come up with a plan together. 4. The last option would be a crisis hotline. If you have exhausted your options, or if your mom refuses to get help-- you have to come up with a plan to leave the house and live elsewhere. You might have the option of living with a grandparent, aunt, or uncle, but this is unique for every family, and may be complicated if you have any brothers and sisters involved. You sound like a wonderful, smart person. Youre really mature because youre forced to be in an adult situation. I want to tell you-- cutting yourself (like your moms addiction) wont numb the pain youre feeling. Harming yourself is a way of showing on the outside how youre feeling inside. Im sure you   re also hopeful that your mom will see how much pain shes causing you and she will stop behaving the way she does. In this sense, you   re setting up yourself for disappointment because your mom   s behavior doesn   t change and you   re back into the cycle of harming yourself. Hang in there, sweetie-- youve come this far, and help is available. In the meantime, I strongly suggest that you read this book: Toxic Parents: Overcoming Their Hurtful Legacy and Reclaiming Your Life by Susan Forward and Craig Buck http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?u    Theres a chapter specifically on alcoholic parents and I think youll find it really revealing. You can buy it online, or order it from a local library. See a librarian and they can help you find the book. I wish you the best of luck in the world. You can also seek help at a local church if you feel comfortable doing that. Im sure someone there would help you (they might even agree to go with you to the psychologists offices, and offer you some adult support.) Hang in there-- things will get better. Hugs.
When you are waking and shaking you are in withdrawal and if you can leave the sauce alone for a few days to dry out then you are not one yet, but if you have to reach for that first bottle and not able to resist the urge then you are hooked. Chetak
Bipolar disorder which is what it is now called (used to be called manic depression) is a mood disorder which effects a persons mood and is caused by chemical imbalances in the brain. In bipolar disorder a person has mood swings from depression to mania which have to last 7 days each to be diagnosed but generally last weeks or months at a time. I developed bipolar when I was 15 and diagnosed at 18, when I was depressed I would sleep constantly, cry, wouldnt leave bed for days, didnt eat, wash, dress, constantly felt suicidal, hopeless and worthless, withdrew myself from family and friends and stopped going to school. This lasted for 6 months. Then I switched into mania when I was constantly full of energy and felt like I was on top of the world I was so happy, didnt sleep for days and if I did I would sleep up to 3 hours only, went out every night abusing alcohol and drugs, got into meaningless relationship, had sex with strangers, had so much confidence, spent every penny I had and even stole from my mum, shop lifted, racing thoughts, aggressive and irritable, psychotic when I would hallucinate and be delusional to the point I stabbed myself and almost my boyfriend, I was constantly doing one thing to the next and I nearly failed college. This lasted for 4 months. Bipolar disorder is something that is very severe and effects your everyday life. I ended up being hospitalised because I was psychotic, hallucinating and delusional. You sound depressed but not Bipolar. Bipolar is a mood disorder which effects a persons mood (mentioned above), not an emotional disorder. See your doctor if you are concerned. Good luck :)
Al-Anon,.for you, immediately. And they have a publication called something like "Coping with Sobriety" that may help you. The more you learn, the better you can deal with it. Is it possible hes been self medicating with alcohol? There are a.lot of people with mental health issues (depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder,.etc).who do that, and substance abuse just masks the underlying symptoms. It may be that he needs a.psychiatrist - cant hurt to be aware of that.
Lol dont listen to stupid science doctor crap. Thats the dumbest statistic i ever heard. I never had a mental disorder and i drink occasionally like you do and im a smoker. Sooooooooo you wanna believe that statistic why? Do you feel ur addicted? or do you feel like its a normal stress reliever just like every american who is trying to make a living in this country today? ur not separated from us just because u have a mental disorder dude. Ur just as normal as i am with Schizophrenia.
none
If you feel strong for him, BE WITH HIM. So many people waste their time wondering about this. Take a chance (its a chance with ANY recovering addict) with him and see where it goes. We get rare chances to feel this way about someone. They may even only come ONCE from here on. Be with him, hes made mistakes sure, but who hasnt? If hes been sober for this long then chances are thats how he will remain. Being a recover addict to opiates, I can kind of relate. I had them and they are much more addictive than alcohol, but Its been 2 years and I dont even consider myself addicted no longer and dont want it. Good luck to you and him, I hope you get with him.
The stupid thing is how bad youre stressing about this. Good, youre aware that alcohol and NSAIDs dont mix well, but in the time you took to type this question you could have found out that generally you have to chronically abuse them to have real damage.
none
Life is in your hands and up to you. The statistics of parent-child ratios of how often there is a trend of a child becoming an alcoholic who have parents that were alcoholics is telling... but the data comes after the action... The action does NOT come after hearing of the data. It is up to you. My parents drank regularly. They werent alcoholics, but I always HATED alcohol as a kid, and I got to try a few sips and HATED it. When I was 25 I roomed-in with roommates. The house was always FILLED with people, even pretty girls. For TWO YEARS I literally locked myself in my room on the nights of partying. I would browse the web, tell myself repeatedly that Im "too good" or "cooler" than them... One night it just clicked. I realized the use of alcohol, tried it, partied hard, and was hooked. I DID end up like my parents, and far worse, even though I HATED alcohol as a youngster and didnt drink it until I was 25. Nonetheless it is wholly up to you where you end up in life. Everything has a first time and there are PLENTY of alcoholics that DIDNT have alcoholic parents.
I wouldnt say an alchoholic. My dad works with an alchoholic and he goes to the Bar everynight<SEMCOL> shows up to work hungover every morning. He wont even buy new shoes because all spare money goes to alchohol. THATS an addict. You... youre just a kid who likes alchohol ^_^
Are you being serious right now ?
both
We have no way to know what is going on with your father. If you are a teen then sit down with your mother to voice your concern. Alcohol can help with the cardiovascular health. Budweiser, seems to me the Richard English uses that term too. Hmmm....
Honestly? Dont drink when your underaged. Its stupid. It doesnt make you cool to drink. Theres a reason you shouldnt drink below the age of 21. We arent mature enough mentally or physically. Especially when your at a party. If your not careful, someone could slip some form of drug into your drink, making you vulnerable to a typical form of date-rape. You also mentioned that you smoked weed. This just shows how immature and stupid you are. Reasons? For one, its illegal. Two, its dangerous and can less to serious medical issues. And three, you dont want to become addicted. There are way too many pot-heads and the world doesnt need any more. So my point is, dont be stupid. There are way too many risks you will be taking if you participate. YOLO means to live your life to the fullest, and make your dreams a reality. Not to go out to drink and smoke marajuana. So take a step forward, not back.
If you told them the exact reason (that alcohol abuse runs in your family), if they were your true friends they would honestly be much more considerate. (are you in highschool? just wondering cause usually grade 11s - 12s are more understanding). if they wont be reasonable then i suggest finding a new crowd of friends. Im sure you don<SEMCOL>t want to give in and go, just so they won<SEMCOL>t call you a puss. but then a again some people do, just so their peers won<SEMCOL>t call them a puss anymore. theres nothing wrong with not wanting to be around alcohol :) I personally choose not to be around it either (bad experiences)
*Parental Example Teens who see their parents drink alcohol are more likely to drink it themselves than teens who don   t. This is not to imply that if you are an adult who has a drink after dinner, you are a bad parent. It is just a fact that when your children grow up seeing alcohol being drank, they don   t see it as a big deal. This is especially true of parents who only have minimal amounts of alcohol because the kids don   t see bad effects from it, but when they try it, they don   t have the same self-control or understanding that parents do as adults. *Low Self Esteem Teens with low self esteem or low self image are more likely to indulge in alcohol and other illegal substances. There is the    liquid courage    factor, as well as the plain and simple fact that if they drink enough, they can forget for a time the way that they really feel. Often, low self esteem leads to depression, which is also a factor that encourages teen alcohol use. *Peer Pressure Even among the most    normal    and    good    kids, there is a lot of peer pressure today and it can encourage a teen to drink, who on their own might not. The teen party scene hasn   t changed from the days that parents today grew up in and it is still a circumstance where alcohol is indulged in more than at other times, in most cases. *Availability A large factor that will encourage alcohol use in teens is if it is available to them. You may have it in an unlocked cabinet at home, their friends may have it, they may have older friends that can buy it for them. Whatever the case, if a teen is going to drink alcohol, they have to get it from somewhere first. *Curiosity Teens are often curious about many things that they haven   t yet tried and alcohol is often one of them. The teen may wonder why other people are drinking and this can encourage them to try it for themselves. Unfortunately, if they like it, it can also become a big problem. Alcohol should not be consumed by teens for a number of reasons, including the potential for addiction, legal troubles, and their very lives. As parents, it is important that we both educate our teens about alcohol and that we try to protect them from it as much as we can. I would also like to share how alcohol can kill you? - http://www.rosebudmag.com/lifestyle/liqu   
The coke. You cant just have 1 gram of coke, its an incredibly adictive drug. No-one can take it out of freewill after the first few times they take it, they take it because they are dependant on it. Alcohol on the other hand, while it is addictive, a bottle and a half of wine per week isnt really that bad, physically its damaging, but you probably wont get addicted to it, and its cheaper.
Marijuana only causes paranoia because its illegal, if it was legal, no one would be paranoid -.- none of my friends or i ever get paranoid when we have weed or smoke it cause **** the cops. haha anyway alchahol is more dangerous in my opinion because it makes you all hyped up and makes you wanna hurt people at times, marijuana makes you relax and have fun, but if abused it can cause health problems.
If you are addicted, all it takes is one day.
One thing that stood out to me when reading your Question was that he told you and your brother that he doesnt love or care about you? really, dont take that to heart, hes not in the right frame of mind, of course he loves you both, hes obviously feeling pretty messed up from so much drinking, I know because my brothers an alcoholic, as is my sister and mother, but they are better now. He will get better in time, he needs help, like he needs to go to a rehab or something. Your mother or you could perhaps sort something out, so that he has somewhere to stay and get his head back on track. I really feel for you in this situation, because it must be really tough considering its your dad, who you love and respect. Anyways Id consider asking the hospital for references to a rehabilitation center somewhere. Hope he and your family get better soon!
"BidAx.com is for sale The owner of the domain you are researching has it listed for sale" http://whois.domaintools.com/bidax.com The owner email is "johnhou29@yahoo.com" -- when I searched "johnhou29", I found that same email address selling "ladies bags" from Nigeria 3 years ago: http://www.nairalist.com/lagos/forsale/2    And affiliates get $30 for every person who signs up...what are they signing up for, exactly? There is no information on the website. I did find this searching on the web though: http://hits.careerpathnetwork.com/addict    So, this is obviously a scam to get peoples information. Not to mention obnoxious SPAM, preying on peoples weaknesses.
Alcohol is a drug just like pot and medication and even caffeine. The thing about drugs is that it depletes you of your vitamins/minerals. Taking another drug is not going to help as you might just get addicted to that drug instead. Make sure you replace the vitamins/minerals you are missing from drinking or medication and drink lots of water. Besides that have you been to AA? Sometimes all you need is support from others. And you might wanna figure out why you might have started in the first place and change that.
The abuse of the system disgusts me. I am to the point where (after seeing it so much irl) I tend to agree with you.
To deaden the pain of living among idiots.
To be in what state? Trying alcohol is not going to put you in any state unless you drink a lot of it and different alcohol tastes differently. If you are old enough to drink you are old enough to make your own decisions and don   t need to ask a bunch of strangers what you are allowed to do.
Most = PISCES (according to my many zodiac books) Anyone CAN DISAGREE WITH ME, YET, allll my zodiac books point to PISCES & NEPTUNE INFLUENCES regarding addictions to drugs & Alcohol. Neptune in Pisces Now for next 20 years People!!!! * could be Any Pisces influence in a persons chart) *( I have Pisces in my 5th House in CHIRON 29   R) * *( My Neptune is in Scorpio 22   R * in my First House)* There is my Why on my drinking problem & I have gemini Mercury in 8th & 12 House I have Libra) this to me would have added to my drinking issues. ___ Pisces   ___ 12 th zodiac sign Water Mutable Ruled by neptune Sub ruled by Jupiter 180   from Virgo (earth, mutable, 6th zodiac, ruled by mercury) Pisces are clairvoyant & psychic. Pisces absorb all 11 signs. Personally, I have my stepfather who was 2/24/1930 with no drinking or drug problem. (Mason). I dated 2/23 80 guy, drank like a fish daily, lot of vodka, denied using drugs. (PISCES HIDE THINGS FROM OTHERS) I know a 2/24/1971 and he smokes pot 24/7 & successfully runs 3 businesss & seems appears sober always. In my family, died of alcoholism 100% 2/3/1936 : Aquarius sun died at 51 4/9/1927 Aries sun died at 51 Prescription drug addiction 4/7/1929 Aries sun died at 65 Alcoholism runs in my family (irish, german & american indian) cherokee. We are from 1830s Germany. 1850s Ireland settled in Lansing MI & Oklahoma . (moms family= michigan & my fathers family Ark & Oklahoma) I hav family tree going back to early 1800s both sides of my family. And some never drank & some completely drank. My mothers parents never drank. My fathers parents both drank. My mom 6/13/46 gemini sun, sag moon has 22 years sobriety. My father 4/3/45 aries sun, sag moon, has 12 years sobriety. Me gemini sun 2  , moon sag, I have 5 years ___ My bf of 3 years. Rarely drinks/ never been drunk in his entire life. Not religious! Never drugs 1976 12/ 17 . Aqu Rising. Heavy heavy Sagitarrius with Scorpio Moon. He is amazing. No addictions. Just to me & chocolate & riding his motorcycle super fast ! Ducattis !!!
I have been a hair designer and product development consultant for 35 years. This is a cheap form of using silicones for shine. The problem is that the additives besides the silisones break them down faster so you have to use the product a few times per day to maintain the shine. Go to www.sabinohair.com and check out MOisture Block or Lok & Blok. They are pure 100% cosmetic silsines that will not breakdown and give you shine from shampoo to shampoo. Naturally, pollutants dull the hair so why spend the money on a product that wont last? There could be many reasons why you have to force sheen on the hair. Could be the products you are using, which are all water soluble except for MB or L&B. OR, it could be abuse. Cyclopentasiloxane- silicone Cclotetrasiloxane - silicone/oxygen lubricant Dimethicone, Dimethiconol - both silicones Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate - used in sunscreens, which is not needed in hair products because the cuticle layer does the same thing, but is needed for skin Panthenol is the alcohol analog Pyridoxine Dipalmitate - anti static and skin conditioner PG-Propyl Silanetriol - Hydrolyzed wheat protien. The molecules in weggies are not the same molecular weight as kertin. Its a poor use of protein that does nothing but lay on the hair Note that they put the fruit stuff at the end, whcih means they are hype.
My brother is the same way. He goes to AA> You get a sponsor.He could never have done this without going to AA meetings. He goes to two a day. He has stopped drinking for 6 mos now. But .. this is is second go around with this disease. Once he gets away from going to meeting he falls back to it. SO.. you need to go twice a day and never stop. Also.. it helps him to keep busy. He has two hobbies now. When you keep busy and tire out .. your less likely to think or focus on drinking. Join a gym.. where most healthy conscious people dont drink. Do some hunting , bowling, hiking. Get busy. Dont sit there. "An Idle Mind Is The Devils Workshop" My father use to say. My brothers good friend died early and so did a friends brother from sclerosis of the liver. That should be your motivating incentive to get and stay healthy. I dont think your finace wants a drunkard for a husband or father of her kids. Also.. kids of alcoholics can become one. Also.. you dont want her to divorce you for drinking too much and or cheating one day.
AGREE WITH SANDANSAN. keep it up. you havent posted aspects of your natal chart. OK. you have sun in 12th house which indicates drug addiction. for having sun in 12th house, you might have distant relationship with father or your father may be died in early childhood. having sun and Venus in 12th house you need a lot of solitude and isolation. your moon is also in a watery house i mean 8th house. sun,moon,Venus in very secretive house denotes disappear,isolation and solitude in personal life. moon in 8th house is not so problematic like sun and Venus in 12 Th house. Venus in 12th house people are usually heart-breaker. . these people have self undoing in love affair. they maintain love relationship in a secret manner. its hard for them to confront or giving affection for their loved one openly. they even dont like to reveal it thats why people with 12th venues keeps disappearing for insecurity, no confrontation,self undoing and isolation. friends and dear one get broken heart for such activities done by you. you are restless. and you appear eccentric having Uranus in 1st house. i think you are very spiritual person but your Saturn in 12th house can restrict your Jupiter in 12th house. you are dogmatist. mars in cancer(water mars) is very moody. it is destructive if the sun or moon is afflicted by neptune or other detriment aspect. i have seen a Leo with water mars and sun in 12th house is addicted and disappearing like you. but the differences between you and him are- he never ever confronts his bad side, but you dare to understand it. every negative placement has positive potentials in natal chart. now check it out to understand your inner need to lead a balanced life. dont worry. at least, give a hard but logical try. even consult with psychologist, doctors. have some useful meditation and yoga for the release of inner turmoil. first you need to lessen your emotional pain,grief or by transforming your views and principals on life. beauty is truth and truth is beauty.
Reading your post makes me So sad!If you have no family, it sounds like even a foster home would be a blessing. I am so sorry that you are going through this and I wish i could give you a hug. Sounds like your mom has problems. If alcohol causes her to be verbally or physically abusive then she has problems. If you have any family that wont abuse you , that is where you need to be, even if its not as comfortable as your own home.where would you go if you ran away? You have a long life ahead of you and there will be opportunities in your life to change things for the better,but you are going to have to stay tough until you get help. Good luck sweety!
Originally, marijuana was easily available through the Mexican-US Border. Over time, the alcohol, tobacco, and pharmaceutical companies realized that this naturally growing plant could take away a fair amount of their profits, and so they lobbied Congress to make it illegal. This resulted in propaganda against marijuana, and the original arguments for making it illegal was that (and Im not making any of this up) marijuana caused black men to rape white women. Marijuana was still legal at this time, but only with a government tax stamp, and they never handed those out, effectively making it illegal. Eventually, racist arguments against marijuana were replaced with the idea that the drug caused violence and loss of inhibition to the point of basically being insane. Around this time, the paper industry, whose profits were being threatened by the cheaper hemp material, joined in on the prohibition bandwagon. Fast forward to today. The anti-marijuana propaganda relies on the idea that marijuana is a "gateway drug", meaning it leads to harder drugs like heroin and cocaine. Much of the opposition to legalization today comes from pharmaceutical companies since the drug would take a HUGE bite out of their pill profits. Another surprising opponent of legalization are the drug cartels and those growing large amounts illegally. Legalization would put them out of business. Alcohol is legal because its been a main staple throughout American history. Making a popular drug illegal causes many problems, and is why the 18th amendment prohibiting alcohol was eventually repealed by the 21st amendment. Tobacco falls under the same reasoning as alcohol, minus the constitutional amendments. Caffeine would be impossible to ban. It is in so many natural plants and products that the logistics would be a nightmare.
Hey darling, I answered your last question, and you picked my answer (hope I was helpful btw). Anyway I got curious and decided to take a peek here. Marijuana is not as bad as alcohol in my opinion, but my opinion is not fact, its just my good opinion. However, there are reasons its illegal. Too many substances are abused. I know a couple people who use it, and all though they can still handle themselves, and behave themselves, its still wrong, because its illegal. I honestly think marijuana should be legalized before alcohol. I mean come on, way more social problems are caused by alcohol. Addiction, abuse, car accidents, but it is the way it is. Believe me, Im not the only person who feels this way. Every time they try to ban alcohol, alcohol companies buy and sell votes and government support. They always win. It would cause a huge shift in our economy anyway. Marijuana is illegal for similar reasons. It would cause decline in sales in alcohol, tobacco, cigarettes and similar. Another shift in economic levels. It would also create a large profit in itself... creating a stand for itself... I could go on for a while :) Anyway (and readers, Im not criticising or taking any sides) our country is supposed to be a civil division of republicans and democratics, originally supposed to be a republic nation, and is currently a democratic nation. It would cause more problems than it would fix. Well I hope I was helpful! If want to talk more my email is haley.maray@gmail.com Good luck, and be good!
Alcoholism is often the result of self-medicating to deal with other psychological/emotional issues, and that certainly seems to fit the limited background youve given. AA will help avoid "self-medicating" in times of stress, and provides coping tools ("change the things I can, accept the things I cant..."). But given your reference to his childhood, there may be issues requiring more specific therapy than an AA group session. As for the episodes of erratic behavior you described, my first guess would be that alcohol isnt his only "medication" of choice. Also - are you doing Al-Anon, CoDA, etc? If not, I strongly recommend you look into it. Its hard to be in a relationship with an addict and not be co-dependent
NO you are not weird! Actually many people must learn from your example cause drinking alcohol and smoking is really bad for the health it affects our brain,lungs and any other organs. Plus Not smoking is a Great Achievement cause not many people can do it. You are a really great person dude not smoking and drinking and all. You will never get anything when you smoke cause it is bad for the health and it is a big pollution and abuse to the enviroment but drinking alcohol is bad for our body too so you should prefer wine maid of grapes as it is healthy. Alcoholic beverages are maid so when we drink it we will feel lighter but the effect is the same when you drink wine the only difference is whine is really healthy. PS: No hard feelings but it is not weird the only weird thing is that your male and your name is Laura dont take it seriously dude I am just joking.
Some drugs and tobacco contain substances that make you addicted. Alcohol doesnt contain addictive substances..people become addicted to the feeling it gives you. They can lose their troubles and relax. They can feel happy and full of life. They then feel as if they need a drink to get them through the day, and therefore become addicted.
none
That is the classic case for need of friends. If friends cant buy you beer when things are tight then they sure are not your friend.
Seriously you should seek professional help. That tin foil hat is not blocking those voices.
What are some strategies to avoid binge drinking? I think doing more sports and other activity will definitely avoid binge drinking. Trying to focus more on other things, important and things you like to do will definitely help avoid it. Also avoiding the environment and people who are greatly influencing you to drink. What are the harms associated with binge drinking? Suicide [1] Binge drinking has been associated with high odds of divorce, spousal abuse, and poor job performance.
It it were possible our government probably wouldve banned alcohol years ago...They tried remember? Why did prohibition fail so miserably? Because alcohol is way too easy to make at home. My grandfather used to brew his own beer and wine back in the day, so did millions of other common folks. Marijuana on the other hand takes a lot of savvy to grow and requires much more space and energy so growers are more likely to get caught...Long story short its much, much easier to enforce prohibition on marijuana than alcohol. Why is marijuana still illegal despite what modern science has shown? Forget all the reefer madness baloney... the real reason marijuana will never be legal is because the federal government fears legalizing another mind altering substance with roughly the same potential for abuse as alcohol would put way too much of a strain on an already overburdened health care and social services system. Alcohol is legal, its also taxed and regulated by a multitude of federal, state and local agencies...Yet despite the billions taken in on tax revenues from the distillation and sales of alcoholic beverages alcoholism still costs this country over 200 billion dollars a year... thats the bottom line.
This is a difficult problem because he has got to want help. If I was you I would do the intervention, your mum is right he might not apreshate it but it is the only thing you can do to help him under stand what he is doing to him self as well as hurting the people that love him. Do some research on interventions and really think about what you are going to say as he will feel pushed out and might not see strate away that you have his best interests at hart. I cant help but wonder if something in his past has made him this unstable? If so it would help him to resolve any old feeling that he is trying to block out. Like I said at the start he has got to want to help him self and see he has a problem or it will be like banging your head agenst a brick wall. I wish you all the luck in the world and stay strong
The unhelathiest part of any alcohol is actually the alcohol. Its the sugar that ferments and directly affects the % of alcohol content per drink and is what causes people to put on weight. Less alcohol = less sugar. Im not sure how non alcoholic beer is made but you would probably put on more weight by drinking softdrinks.
Underage drinking: Talking to your teen about alcohol The time to start talking to your teen about underage drinking is now. Follow these tips to help prevent underage alcohol use. By Mayo Clinic staff Its easy to underestimate how early underage drinking starts     sometimes even in the preteen years     as well as the amount of alcohol teens drink and the risks involved. Still, underage drinking isnt inevitable. You can encourage your teen to avoid alcohol by talking to him or her about the risks of underage drinking and the importance of making good decisions. Why teens drink Teens are particularly vulnerable to alcohol use. The physical changes of puberty might make your teen feel self-conscious and more likely to take risks     such as experiment with alcohol     to fit in or please others. Also, your teen might have trouble understanding that his or her actions can have adverse consequences. Common risk factors for underage drinking include: Transitions, such as the move from middle school to high school or getting a drivers license Increased stress at home or school Family problems, such as conflict or parental alcohol abuse A history of behavior problems or mental health conditions Consequences of underage drinking Whatever causes a teen to drink, the consequences may be the same. For example, underage drinking can lead to: Alcohol-related fatalities. Alcohol-related accidents are a leading cause of teen deaths. Teen drownings, suicides and murders also have been linked with alcohol use. Sexual activity. Teens who drink tend to become sexually active earlier and have sex more often than do teens who dont drink. Teens who drink are also more likely to have unprotected sex than are teens who dont drink. School problems. Teens who drink tend to have more academic and conduct problems than do teens who dont drink. Also, drinking can lead to temporary or permanent suspension from sports and other extracurricular activities. Alcoholism. People who begin drinking as young teens are more likely to develop alcohol dependence than are people who wait until theyre adults to drink. Being a victim of violent crime. Alcohol-related crimes might include rape, assault and robbery. In addition, research shows that alcohol use may permanently distort a teens emotional and intellectual development. Talking about underage drinking It can be tough to talk to your teen about underage drinking. You might be unsure of what to say, and your teen might try to dodge the conversation. To increase your odds of having a meaningful discussion, choose a time when you and your teen are relaxed. Dont worry about covering everything at once. If you talk often, you might have a greater impact on your teen than if you have only a single discussion. When you talk about underage drinking, you might: Ask your teens views. Find out what your teen knows and thinks about alcohol. Share facts. Explain that alcohol is a powerful drug that slows the body and mind, and that anyone can develop an alcohol problem     even a teen without risk factors for alcohol abuse. Debunk myths. Teens often think that drinking makes them popular or happy. Explain that alcohol can make you feel "high" but its a depressant that also can cause sadness and anger. Discuss reasons not to drink. Avoid scare tactics. Instead, explain the risks and appeal to your teens self-respect. If you have a family history of alcoholism or drinking problems, be honest with your teen. Strongly discourage your teen from trying alcohol     even as an adult     since theres a considerable chance that your teen could develop an alcohol problem, too. Plan ways to handle peer pressure. Brainstorm with your teen about how to respond to offers of alcohol. It might be as simple as saying, "No thanks" or "Do you have any soda?" Be prepared to discuss your own drinking. Your teen might ask if you drank alcohol when you were underage. If you chose not to drink, explain why. If you chose to drink, you might share an example of a negative consequence of your drinking. If you drink today, be prepared to talk about why social drinking is OK for you and not for your teen. Other ways to prevent underage drinking
Alcohol isnt bad for you. It cleans wounds and thins blood/loosens arteries. Alcohol in excess or abused, like everything else, is bad for you.
The red flush from alcohol abuse is not bumpy or pimply. Rosacea is. The alcohol "flush" is a network of tiny capillaries that swell under the skin--it gives the skin a shiny, red blushing look. Rosacea has an appearance much like acne, only it does not respond to acne treatment. If you have oily skin to begin with, it may even BE acne. The only way to get any of this treated is to see a doctor, preferably a dermatologist, who can diagnose which problem you have and give you the correct treatment for it.
You should seek medical attention
He needs to do it for himself. Hopefully he realizes he needs help before its too late. Rock bottom = dead. As he continues to use his life will become more and more unmanageable and his brain will become more and more chemically dependent on his drugs and the brain will actually start thinking that it NEEDS these to live. Causing him to act irrational when he is without. Dont take this personal as he is not himself. I suggest you go to Alanon meetings ( family/ friends of alcoholics ) or Naranon ( family/ friends of addicts ) these meetings teach you and others close to him how this disease works and how it is effecting him and how you can handle this situation. They are free and open all over the place. http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/ Best of luck to you and him.
If you know and understand what "moderation" means, then alcohol is actually good for the body. Medical studies have proven that 1-2 "servings" per day is beneficial...1 "serving" is 12oz of 5% beer, 5-6oz of 12-15% wine (red is the best), or 1  oz of 40%/80 proof of liquor. Unfortunately, there are those who abuse it and give it a bad name, and there are others who have been brainwashed by their religious/governmental leaders that any alcohol is bad.
you are starting to lean toward the danger zone. stop taking these drugs immediately. when you feel sad, listen to happy music, or sing and dance around in your bedroom. if you do drugs too much you will get addicted and they will severely impact your life. and also, marijuana is illegal. so go clean and start over. drinking alcohol at small amounts once in a while, is fine, healthy even. but too much is dangerous. just make sure you are 21+ (drinking age)
I wouldnt worry so much about supplements for preventing brain cell (neuronal loss). Our brains are plenty capable of harvesting what we ingest in our diets to provide all the ingredients to keep our brains healthy. So as far as supplements, I could give you a list of amino acids, nootropics, and vitamins but you wouldnt notice any difference. Ill give you one,.. Fish oil -- This has been studied to death and has neuroprotective properties. (You can find this at any pharmacy, walmart, grocery store, etc). Further -- our brains are not static, and our brains are trillions of neurons that have exponential branches of dendrites that are linked via synapses. You are correct, we all have brain cells die -- every day.. all of us, no matter how healthy we are. Though this is a normal processes of metabolism and biology. You are not brain damaged from your light alcoholism -- unless you notice some real abilities you used to possess that you can no longer do. Even so,.. even with some light cognitive impairment -- the brain is plastic.. ie: Neuroplasticity. This means that your existing neurons (aka: Brain cells) -- can and DO form new connections to take the place of any damage, loss of neurons, etc. This is how we learn. Our brains are not static. We dont develop our brain and its connections through childhood and hit adult-hood and it then becomes locked or static. This is a very old myth that most still believe in one form or another that neuroscientists have long since disproved. The fact is everything you learn, ie: A language, an instrument, everyday memories, experiences, how to drive, a sport, etc -- Is a process of the brain dynamically changing and these neurons creating dendritic pathways for the ability to perform or remember, etc these tasks. So with this in mind,.. just as in stroke victims, or Traumatic brain injury cases you can relearn things lost from "damage" with repetition and practice. It isnt quick, but it happens. The brain is quite redundant -- so cells (neurons) lost dont immediately cause some major malfunction of function. There are generally many fold connections among a huge number of neurons that are responsible for any one function, memory, ability, etc. Even the notion that we cannot grow new , completely new neurons is highly debated and contested and I suspect with the discovery of active stem cells in our brains that it will soon be debunked that we are stuck with X amount of "brain cells". Dont worry so much, just focus on your sobriety and you will be fine. Take care,
none
none
wow ! youve asked too many questions in that one question <SEMCOL> - if the medications youre taking say you shouldnt consume alcohol , then theres a reason why ! ofcourse i always take any medication with alcohol if available , but remember im not a doctor ! - having a glass of alcohol a day certainly doesnt make you an alcoholic , and is actually recommended especially a glass of wine or two as youre taking dinner ! it helps you relax and live longer actually as studies in france have shown ! - binge drinking or drinking everyday till you pass out , over a long time say 15 or 20 years is what easily makes one an alcoholic in danger of organ malfunction or death ! its possible to be an alcoholic and never drink alcohol coz its a gene thats inherited ! - anything even drinking in moderation is okay but excesses are the problem ! eatings essential but over eating leads to obesity which kills ! exercise is good , but not climbing mountains to leap to youre death ! - relationships are good , or sleeping around is healthy and promotes the human race , but doing so without pretection and with anyone can cause one to contract aids or hiv ! " the key word is moderation " !
I havent been what youve been through but my friends have. Im sure there are a lot more variables involved. You need to confide in someone you trust and who can help you. Rehab might be a great place for you. If its possible for you to move to a new location you should do that too. My friend didnt stop until he saw he might be spending a lot of time in jail.
I would say "hair of the dog" never hurt any one, except yer liver Alcoholism (alcohol dependence) and alcohol abuse are two different forms of problem drinking.     Alcoholism is when you have signs of physical addiction to alcohol and continues to drink, despite problems with physical health, mental health, and social, family, or job responsibilities. Alcohol may control your life and relationships.     Alcohol abuse is when your drinking leads to problems, but not physical addiction.
This sounds more like a trust issue, your experience with your dad destroyed your trust in other people, i can understand you feel anger but its time to let go that anger and forgive your dad, now forgiving does NOT mean "its ok what you did and i will have you back in my life," NO thats not what forgiveness is, forgiving means letting go of your anger and the control that that person once had over you, forgiveness is for you not them, if you do that you can see that you will trust people more, and the anger will dissappear, your father was an alcoholic because he was in pain and probably selfish, but it had nothing to do with you, people doing stupid things when they are unhappy and become selfish, dont go that same road and trust that your girlfriend loves you enough not to get drunk talk to her about why you feel insecure around alcohol and if she loves she will understand, dont fear the thing that you fear or else it will control you. Goodluck:)
none
If you know and understand what "moderation" means, then alcohol is actually good for the body by helping to lower cholesterol and blood pressure. Wine (especially red wine) is also heart healthy just as dark chocolate is. Unfortunately, there are those who abuse it and give it a bad name, and there are others who have been brainwashed by their religious/governmental leaders that any alcohol is bad. Medical studies have proven that 1-2 "servings" per day is beneficial...1 "serving" is 12oz of 5% beer, 5-6oz of 12-15% wine (red is the best), or 1  oz of 40%/80 proof of liquor. BUT, to answer your question...I drink alcohol mainly for the same reasons I drink tea/water/soda/ etcetera...for the taste of it. The same goes for the foods I eat. I like variety. There are times when a beer/margarita/ whiskey is what I am in the mood for.
I have seven years on you, but the timing of events is basically the same. I have 4+ years sober/clean. I started having organ failure, pancreatitis, and my system started saying "you can keep on drinking but youll have to figure out how to do it somewhere else." Even small amounts of alcohol was making me shake and vomit. Big fun. I managed my blackouts pretty well, just doing some odd, senseless things. Alcohol is a stone cold serious drug, I think worse than any other for some people. AA Meetings started for me at 15, so I got an early start with that. I might become something of a target if I completely spoke my mind on 12-Step methods, though I acknowledge that for some people it may be the "one true way" to find sobriety. Something else you might look at is http://smartrecovery.org Best of wishes
Maybe he is actually tired. Being an alcoholic is exaugsting, so hes probably wore out.
As a recovering alcoholic myself ,i must tell you ,sadly there is nothing you can do to save him .alcoholism is a disease of the the mind ,body and spirit.my friends and family tried to FIX me numerous times. but unlike many disorders this one is self inflicted.The best thing they ever did for me was finally STOP helping me! (see enabeling the alcoholic at alcoholism.about.com )(link below) They didnt stop loving me, they just stopped taking responsibility for my actions .I.E.making excuses for me ,bailing me out of trouble,protecting me from consequences of bad behavior.giving me money.and began to confront me about my drinking ,my behavior and how it affected my and relationships.eventually I had to accept my problem or die. I had to save Myself.first by accepting my alcoholism and then seeking help.first through other people going through the same thing .(see link for alcoholics anonymous )and then through relationship with GOD . there is a lot of collateral damage done by the alcoholic .quite often the family members suffer as much if not more pain than the drinker.sometimes so much is focused on the drinker that their family doesnt take care of their own needs. you must take care of yourself first. praying for you.
I am a Canadian, and many Americans I know from visiting there and they visiting us that we handle alcohol much better. My Amer. friends call me alcoholic because between my hubby and I we probably drink three 24 packs of beer over a week. We dont get rowdy or fight. we dont hit the clubs very often. We have a local we go to sunday afternoons( after Corrie Street) and for lunch on tuesdays I dont think of myself as alcoholic, I could cut back I guess but my bills are all paid, my kids are grown and have families of there own. Enjoy life.
Here is my story you can be sponsored by different agencies to get flight to thailand for treatment and the new life foundation do sponsorships hope this info helps good luck :) I was hooked for 10 years of my life wasted here is whats worked and I am still in treatment and is still working for me: DETOX_ Thamkrabok Monestry Recovery- New Life Thai Foundation Western detox is really expensive here you get your flight to Thailand, make a donation to the detox, then 400 pounds (500 dollars per month) for the new life foundation. Please sobriety is the only way here is cheaper than any where I have found even cheaper than holistic therapy I have tried plus your in Thailand with beautiful surroundings which is therapy in itself. I am learning mindfulness, meditation and so much more plus everyday I feel like I am productive. Please check out the links below for the first time in ten years I found a way that works so as  and AA say as an addict the best way for me to stay well is to help others. Here is a little on where I am now to recover from my addictions. The New Life Thai Foundation is international recovery community for people who are suffering because of addiction problems, depression, stress, burnout, relationship issues or abuse. We are located in northern Thailand, near Chiang Rai. Our mission is to cultivate a lifestyle that fosters inner growth and helps people to find meaning and purpose in life again. Recovery shouldnt be about profit here it is not and open to all to come and recover in a supportive and loving environment.
He has to have motivation to want to quit, reasons, the more the better. One cold hard fact is that if he keeps going this way as he gets older the worse his life health will become. Until everything he does hurts. He needs to stay away from junk food and soda while he is quitting ( and probably for the rest of his life) it keeps the habit kindling. Alcoholism is being considered the ultimate food addiction and whats causing most people to go back, is eating junk food to fill the gap Another big factor with any addiction, its best if the person can get in a new "setting" - the place where they are used to doing their abuse. The brain constantly seeks status quo. It might not be easy, but neither is giving up addictions, but its worth it. He has to want to quit and again have many reasons to. Then have plans for any time he gets a craving for alcohol or smoking, or starts to even think about them. Ive found the best way to get rid of a bad habit, is to replace it with a good one. Brisk walks everyday ( at sunset) would help him in many ways, but mainly his brain chemistry will be helped by this. WIth smoking, he might be better off trying the nicoteen gum, it has an ingredient in it, that helps reduce the cravings. He chews it for a few weeks, and he wont want to smoke anymore ( or a lot less than he ever did before, but can start right back up if triggered).
No matter how embarrassing it seems to you now, to go to this church building for AA meetings, the same building that is the church that your mother attends, it is all irrelevant, the most important thing right now in all the world is that you get some help. And if this where the AA meetings are held, dont worry about it, you just go and give yourself a chance to a new life. Who cares if people will talk, let them. You are not the first nor will you be the last. But you getting help will draw a lot of people to admire your courage an strength. To get help for your life and future, and in the same place where your mother goes to pray is really awesome. Have you thought that it is all Gods will that you be attending AA meetings at this one Place, since it is the place where your mother has said many a prayer, and most likely many for you. Be strong and courageous and trust in God to take you through this.. He wants your salvation even more than you do. Good Luck dear and God Bless.. ps I got goose-bumps when I read meetings were held at the church where your mom attends. God works in mysterious way, and His ways are Holy.
it takes years of abuse to become an alcoholic for some , whereas others can be alcoholics without even drinking , coz its a gene thats inherited that determines whether you,ll be alcoholic or not ! so some people can drink everyday coz theyre simply abusing the alcohol .. and discontinue without any withdrawal symptoms whereas there are others that are alcoholics and alcohol rules them ! these cant stop without withdrawal symptoms and this cant be judged on the basis of a 1.75 whatever size of vodka !
none
option 4 Go to germany if your 16ish i think you can drink... Also dont drink at all kid.You may turn up as a addict even before you reach your twenties.
Ok the hardest part is the first 30days first off..... the aa meetings wont help and if hes not asking for a drink rehab wont help either... my best opinion would be to take him to a dr not the er because they wont do anything and youl just have to keep takeing him back..... have him tell the docter about the insomnia and anxiety and they will probly give him some valum or xanax.... I quit meth a few years ago and went through the same problems..... I dint go to a dr I knew someone to give me xanax and when ever I had problems sleeping or haveing anxiety attacks I would take one and it would help...... but 1 warrning about the dr and pills..... the pills are just as addictive as everything else have him take them when he feels he needs them not like the bottle says because he will get addicted to thouse and it will be the same story all over again....... hope this helps and good luck
just drink responsibly , stay within your alcohol tolerance level. and dont make it a habbit. you should be fine. all tthe harm comes once you start abusing it.
Since percocet has acetaminophen in it, its bad to mix with alcohol, but just one and 3-4 beers wont kill ya, might make ur liver bleed a little, but wont cause death.
If you drink to get drunk, then dont drink anymore, period. Not once a month, not once a year. Never. It serves no purpose, and if you just have to, then yes, you are addicted. You are addicted anyway. Youre already at the stage of trying to control it by bargaining on how often you can do it and its okay...all that and youre only 14. Thats one of those things that doesnt get better with age.
Loosing Tom:A documentary film by Trish Willims Alcoholism   A Family Disease ~~~~~~~ Just found this below and hope it helps in some way.... Bradshaw states that all families are dysfunctional to some extent, some of the time. The problem occurs when this pattern of dysfunction exists over time and the family gets stuck and does not deal with the issues. (Bradshaw part 1) It is clear to me now that my family existed for years in an unhealthy dysfunctional state surrounding my father   s alcoholism. For many reasons, I did not feel impacted or even aware of my father   s alcoholism until I was a young adult. Many reasons attributed to this     denial by my mother and father, and my father   s personality. He was not violent, just absent. He did not fulfill his role around the house as a father or husband. Bradshaw states that denial is partly unconscious and is a defense system that protects the self. It maintains the status quo and keeps us from knowing our own secrets. (Bradshaw part 3) My father had to keep his alcoholism a secret, because he knew how sensitive my mother was to drunkenness due to her experiences with her mother   s alcoholism. We learned how to let go, to stop enabling him, to completely separate our lives from his so he would be solely responsible for his behavior and its consequences and we could realize our own dysfunctional involvement. Although my father drank around the house, he did much of his drinking at bars, restaurants and the firehouse . He was basically a passive drunk and would eventually slip into a deep sleep or pass out, but was essentially functional. As his tolerance increased, he got very good at hiding his intoxicated appearance, keeping a wide-legged stance enabling him to maintain his balance. So although we saw him drink regularly, we did not see the alcoholism. This is partly because of denial, partly because of his deception, and partly because he appeared functional most of the time....................................    More here... http://www.losingtom.org/alcoholism/fami   
You should just tell him your opinion about this,and how it affects you.Nothing more. You cant force him to quit,he needs to make such decisions on his own
Your vulnerable right now....you must stay away frm her..no contact. With time itll be better, ur life is better w/o him.
If you can go without it, and if you can function completely normally when you are sober, you are not addicted. Your brother would only have a seizure if he completely just stopped one day after drinking very heavily for years, every day. This wont happen to you. If you are still worried it will, go see a doctor and get checked out, and tell him your concerns.
"Everything in moderation". If we followed this adage for everything in life, nothing would be taken for granted. It is when we listen to our ego and/or others, that we find ourselves in trouble. Anything abused will turn around and bite back. :D Peace and Blessings
No, non-alcoholic beer is seen as a step back to drinking. And willpower means nothing - have you ever tried using willpower to stop diarrhoea? The only way that I have seen work is to change your life. Alcoholism is a disease, it doesnt just go away, the meetings are if you like "medicine" for alcoholism. I have to look after my disease in the same manner as a diabetic has to inject insulin, or someone has to have dialysis. The 12 step programme provide the tools to live a different more fulfilled life. Something that many addicts say that they never had in the first place, before they ever started drinking. I can see how you would think that non alcoholic beer and willpower would work, I would have thought something similar before I learned about alcoholism and addiction. The only solution that I have seen work and that works for me is change - alcohol doesnt feature in my life now, yes I attend weddings, parties etc. but I dont go down the pub at the weekend - why would I? I do other things that DONT involve alcohol at the weekends now, I dont have alcohol in the house. I make use of my time that I spent drinking, and I go to my meetings.
Alcoholism is a disease. It is also genetic (there are 2 schools of thought on this, but based on my story and everyone I have met who is alcoholic, I firmly believe it is genetic) Learn all you can about alcoholism because you have identified that you have a problem. I ended up in rehab, and when I went in, learned that 2 of my uncles were alcoholics (both dead) and a cousin is a drug addict in recovery. I wouldnt have done anything different if I had known it was in the family, as I didnt experience it firsthand. So knowing you may be alcoholic is not a major deterrent, as theres an equal chance you may not be. Neither of my parents or siblings are. It doesnt matter how fast you metabolise alcohol, if it is causing problems in your life, then it is a problem. www.aa.org
Well at the school I attend whenever there is some kind of important issue that students want to bring attention to, such as bullying, or drug awareness they go to the staff and then they see about having a school wide assembly. Maybe you and the SADD people could try that. Also you could make a PSA about drug and alcohol abuse and have it play for a few minutes in all of the homeroom classes (again you would have to talk to the the principle and possibly other members of the staff before you could do that). Hope this helps!
But the temptation is always there and sometimes it is very powerful. That says it all. You are. search for alcoholics annoyemous. They have a website with lots of info.
All the experts say that the acceptable amount for adults to drink without worrying about harming themselves is 1 glass of wine a day for women and 2 for men. A glass of wine is about the same as one can of beer. That means that after one hour you have met your daily intake of alcohol. Anything more than that on a daily basis is considered too much according to the experts. Now on a personal level from someone who has seen and talked with many many people who either had cirrhosis and was dying or did die from cirrhosis of liver due to alcohol abuse, Im tellling you that you are drinking more than enough to destroy a liver. I have 2 cousins that drank less than you and both are dead today from cirrhosis and both died before they reached 40. You also have to understand that I had cirrhosis myself even though it wasnt from alcohol abuse and had to get a transplant. I would sit at my transplant clinic every week with many people including alcoholics who needed transplants or were waiting on transplants. I learned a lot from just talking to them and again I say you are drinking more than enough to cause cirrhosis. Im also a nurse who has worked with patients who had cirrhosis, so I also have that experience with it on top of everything else. You are in total denial if you really believe what you are saying. You might be a troll doing this. I just dont know, but I will assume not when I answer you here. I just find it really hard to believe that anyone who drinks a case of beer a day to actually believe it is OK and they will be fine. Im going to tell you what the harm is and its just a simple sentence which sums it all up. It will kill you.
Massive generalization... people and their circumstances change vastly. Some addicts are high functioning, fairly good earners and good humored when drunk,,, so it can go on for years without causing any unmanageable troubles. Alcohol is a toxic poison and constantly living with your body being pickled from the inside out will eventually start to kill even the nicest person. But, put simply, in a relationship... an addiction is like competing with a mistress who is never going away and it far more demanding than you are. Not the best idea for any relationship where both parties have some kind of hopeful expectations. Some women marry convicted prisoners on death row... with no obvious expectations, and they say they are happy... go figure. .
he turned walter into a wino
My opinion is that these substances lower inhibitions, therefore they can potentially be associated with behaviour which wouldnt be "normal" for the person. My second opinion is that people are responsible for their actions whether or not they are under the influence, and its irrelevant whether he was drunk or sober. More than one child reported an incident regarding this man, too much for co-incidence if you ask me.
Alcohol and/or drugs will not cause someone to molest. They drop someones inhibitions - so something that he has held in check most of the time suddenly seem doable. But alcohol/drugs dont create new ideas. Go further back in his history - youll find more. You are doing the right thing. Good luck to you!
Was alcohol a factor when you chose this category?
Yes it could well have done, do look after yourself, you only have one body.
Shes not an alcoholic. YET. If alcohol is all she relys on to get through problems then she is. If she is, YOU will know. Best thing is to suggest something else. But also know she is young and probably just wants to try whats out there :)
Hi, Ive read your story. We have the same situation because my sister is addicted to alcohol and even drugs. We have no idea how she got in to it but lately we knew that shes going out with her bad influence friends who always go out at night and drink until morning when she got home shes always mad with her family member specially me shes my buddy but she began to change her lifestyle she never go out with me anymore. My parents did not know about what happening to my sister because they are always busy going to work. Until i found this helpful site "http://www.casanuevovida.com/" Ive read some tips and how to help my sister. I approached my parents tell what happening to our house then i told about the Sober Living Homes then we decided to bring her on the Casa Neuvo Vida for a rehabilitation. After a year shes improve and ready to go out and for her new life she began to start again. Now my sister have 2 kids and a happy family. Hope this story of mine will inspire you.
none
How old are you and how long have you been doing it? I think you should go to the GP or even the practice nurse can see you. They can give you some Chlordiazepoxide. It will stop your withdrawals (shaking, anxiety and paranoia) and you could potentially be back to normal by 7 days. They could do a liver function test (LFT) and tell you how your liver is coping. If you feel dreadful without alcohol perhaps you have an underlying depressive illness which could be treated with some medication too. Im no angel either but Id hate to die that way. People looking back on your life and remembering you dying as a result of your addiction. Going back to your question, many people go on like this for years because theyre embarrassed or ashamed to seek help. We see people with this problem every day. If you start turning yellow in your skin or eyes youre losing the battle.
if you have never taken durgs, and for your own benefit, NEVER DO TAKE ANY, you cant know for a fact that youll be able to quit. The thing is, when you take drugs, your body begins becoming reliant on the substance, and your body craves it more and more, the more you take it. to be addicted means you cant stop. you NEED the substance. If you have been taking a drug and you stop, what happens is the brain begins to notice chemical imbalances after the sudden stop of drug intake, but the process of neurological readjustment takes time. So basically, your body will start acting weird. Emotional symptoms include anxiety, restlessness, insomnia, irritability, headaches, poor concentration, depression, and social isolation. Physical symptoms include sweating, racing heart, muscle tension, tightness in the chest, difficulty breathing, tremors, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. Some very dangerous symptoms include seizures, strokes, heart attacks, hallucination, and cardiac arrest. As you can see, withdrawal is a very difficult and painful task. For some people, symptoms are less severe, but for others, they can become extremely dangerous. It all depends on the person. If you have a lot of willpower and truly want to stop, you will be able to find a way, however, if you dont really really want to quit, its not going to happen.
Sugar is extremely addictive. It activates the same pleasure and reward cycles in the brain as drugs like heroin and cocaine. While addiction to drugs has a certain cache and is seen as "cool", we belittle people who are addicted to sugar, when it is just as addictive (or moreso), and as you say, its long-term effects can be just as devastating. So, just like a cocaine addict cant be trusted to take the occasional line responsibly, a sugar addict cant be expected to eat sugar in moderation. The way to conquer your addiction is to completely ban sugar in all its forms from your diet, Instead, learn to eat the natural human diet of UNLIMITED protein, fats and vegetables. I guarantee you that the weight will fall off, your energy and mood will increase enormously, your blood pressure and blood sugar will return to normal, and you will virtually eliminate your risk of diabetes, and greatly reduce incidence of heart disease. Check out the books below for inspiring and helpful tips on how to overhaul your diet in a healthy way. Protein and fat are NOT addictive, and no matter how much you eat, you can NOT gain weight eating them. Good luck!
Advantages: A wonderful social tool if not abused too much. Great when in company Loosens the tongue and relaxes most people Can be lots of fun. Disadvantages: Some people simply cannot handle drink Expensive Makes some people violent and abusive towards others, even their family etc Causes a lot of heartache
Wasnt it Marx who called religion the "opium of the masses?" Of course its similar. But spiritual practice can be anything from rote memorization and the attempt to apply everything in a text literally (ridiculous in the case of something like the bible, which is a hodgepodge of texts assembled into one contradictory volume) to something as focused and intensive as a Zen practitioner paying attention to the breath as an exercise in mindfulness. There was a study done years back that compared psychological ability to deal with uncertainty and participation in religious services. No surprise, people who were more fearful of uncertainty, people who required very structured lives, were more inclined to belong to authoritarian churches, whereas people who could cope well with uncertainty were more likely to be agnostic or even athiest - or follow a path that included meditation as a way of keeping oneself able to deal with life autonomously. There were brain scans that showed actual, physiological differences. Whats gone badly wrong is that fundamentalist religionists have become intoxicated with the power of "speaking for the Lawd" and get off on telling their flocks what to do and who to hate - because as anybody whos seen a football game knows, nothing brings people together like cheering against someone else. Whats funny is that Jesus was executed on trumped-up charges for calling out the religious hypocrites of his era. I still think that if he did come back, the rabid fundies would kill him again as fast as they could because if anyone was a liberal socialist, it was JC. Teaching that it was hard for the rich to get into heaven? If someone is naked and asks for your cloak, give him your coat, too? Whoo! How well would that fly? And you know Jesus would hang out with gays and lesbians and migrant workers and union people trying to get a living wage. The teabaggers would hate him. .
Alcoholics do blame genetics. Most "fat people" start off as children being over weight and definitely use that as an excuse. Some of them do have actual diseases that make them gain weight. Basically youre trying to justify that alcoholics didnt do this to themselves? Thats nonsense. Over weight people can blame their parents if it started at childhood but Ive never heard anyone over weight say that its because of their dna. I have however heard drug addicts and alcoholics say well my parents did it so I did it. My dad is addicted because he chose to be. He decided to start drinking. No one forced him. Most obese people have been obese from childhood. Its up to them as adults to change it, but it definitely didnt start as their fault. Id also like to point out that in todays television world weight loss shows with your so called lazy fat people are much more popular. Such as biggest loser vs Dr. Drews rehab. Those are real people that get up and work very hard for their goals. Its defiantly not the same and they shouldnt be treated the same. For treatment, An alcoholic has to go to rehab and struggle to say no. An obese person has to go to the gym, the track, eat healthy, say no to alcohol because it contains to many calories. I defiantly think obese people get the short end of the stick. Especially when alcoholics make fun of them. You dont see over weight people walking around saying Haha youre having another beer. Haha thats another shot. Youre gonna get sick. Haha youre sick. But people walk around saying omg you need to lose weight, youre not going to be there to see your kids grow up, you look pregnant, lord did you have the children or your wife, man? Either way. Something has angered you between the two. Good luck with whatever it is.
A couple of issues here. First, it probably does not mean youre an alcoholic. Alcoholism is a disease and it is usually associated with a physical dependence<SEMCOL> unless youre having physical withdrawal symptoms when youre not drinking (this is different than a hangover), youre probably not an alcoholic. In other words, alcoholism is the same thing as alcohol dependence, so unless youre dependent on alcohol, physically or mentally - i.e. you need to drink to get by, youre not an alcoholic. Second, what youre describing might be alcohol abuse. This is a hazier categorization, but it typically describes situations where your drinking negative impacts other areas of your life, like forcing you to miss work or school, destroy with relationships with friends or family, getting into legal trouble, drinking to black out or sickness, etc. I have no reason to think youre experiencing any of these issues. Youre drinking the equivalent of a six pack of beer once a week, which is basically like going out and having three martinis (depending, of course, on the serving size and strength). Anyway, youre not an alcoholic and you should probably not worry about it, unless it gets out of hand. Have fun<SEMCOL> be responsible.
No it was created over a hundred years before CSA, but you do bring up a valid point. Scheduling of drugs is decided by medical benefits and addiction. Alcohol and tobacco are the most highly addictive drugs we have, and only alcohol has very little medical value. I only say that bc it is in couch syrups.
Of course its not weird not to drink alcohol. I do but I never get drunk, I only drink a glass or two from time to time, but Ive never been addicted to it. And I dont smoke neither. You can have fun without drinking, but you dont seem to be sociable. You should go to that "Happy Hour" and be as friendly as you can with your co-workers, you say youre used to have lunch and shop alone, but are you happy with that ? Not drinking alcohol is not an issue but being solitary can be upsetting sometimes. Try to "open" yourself, find conversations topics and/or take part in their conversation. There are a hundred topics that are worth talking about. I love Harry Potter and tennis is my favorite sport as well so you may find a colleague who will like it and you can start talking about it (I could talk about those two topics for hours !!). But dont talk only about that or you will annoy them. Just try to be someone nice and not stuck up, you can definitely be that person without alcohol. If you dont like talking to people in general, stay at home but trust me, meeting new people is always benefic !
No drugs and no alcohol consumption if you are pregnant. Babies can be born addicted. Please get a test done at the doctors before you consume any drug or alcohol. Good luck.
You need help. Really, you do. I know its hard to have an addictive personality. My son has one too. He was on drugs and quit. Then he started drinking beer. He has since quit that by finding a hobby that he loves. He flys remote control Helicopters now and that hobby has replaced his addiction to beer and is almost an addiction in itself. Drinking can cause all kinds of problems for you in the future. That is why you have gained weight. Beer will do that. It will cause you to have liver problems and heart problems too. You will turn into your dad if you dont stop it now. Try and think of something that interests you. Maybe you could start working out at a gym since you are worried about your body image. Working out causes endorphins to be released into your system which is a high in itself. Running will do it too. Any physical activity will cause the release of endorphins into your system. If you dont want to get physical, find a hobby that you can be passionate about like my son did. He started out with remote control cars and then moved to planes and now helicopters. He never drinks anymore and wouldnt even consider drugs. He does smoke but, Im so happy that hes clean now that I wont try and push him on that one. Its his life and health now. Hes an adult. Quit drinking for yourself. For your health and so that you wont end up turning into your dad. I hope this helped some.
well theyre both kinda bad. Yes cigarettes can cause cancer and mess up ur lungs. Alcohol can mess up ur liver (if u excessively drink tho) and ur liver is wat detoxifies our food so if u mess it up, eating will be like eating poison but people can get transplants. But Im not saying its gonna happen. Thats only if u do it everyday ALOT. But havent u seen people who smoked all their lives but turn out ok while others who do it less have serious health issues? So i guess it depends on the person or jus by Gods will. But u sound perfectly fine. I dont think u have anything 2 worry about so I dont think theres a real answer 2 ur ?
Addiction to drugs is biological. Yes if one or both parents are alcoholics then the child is more likely to become an alcoholic than a child with non alcoholic parents... However if that non alcoholic family has many relatives that are alcoholics and the two alcoholic parents are the only ones in their family addicted to alcohol then the child with non alcoholic parents is FAR more likely to become an alcoholic. This also goes for Methanphetamine, Canabis, Heroine Basically every addictive substance.
Well simply put that would be unconstitutional and morally wrong much like the minimum drinking age law you are singling out a particular group and discriminating against them on the basis that since some cant handle alcohol they all cant handle it which is simply not true
Alcoholics are physically addicted to alcohol and need ever increasing amounts in order to get the same "buzz" they originally acheived. The hangover is caused by dehydration and its normal to feel terrible after a drinking binge. Alcoholics do feel terrible (mentally and physically) most of the time but keep drinking in order to alleviate the withdrawl symptoms that occur if they havent had a drink for a while. They can drink massive amounts at one time and then smaller amounts to keep them going. The liver can only take so much though and thats awful. My dad died from liver failure, he was a "functioning" alcoholic. Hope some of this info answers your question.
The book is right. It takes 10-30 years in which a lot of factors come into play in calculating that time frame. It can vary quite a bit from one person to another. I have even seen people get it in less than 10 years but it is not all that common. I really dont know if you are an alcoholic or not, but I dont think you should rule it out. The term alcoholic has so many different meanings, but anyone that drinks as much as you do really does have a drinking problem in my opinion. You are drinking way over what is safe to drink on a daily basis and certainly enough to get you drunk. You might think you are not drunk, but that goes along with problem drinking too and alcoholism. They think they are fine. You certainly cannot rule it out because you have a single night of not being drunk or even a week of not drinking. You are definitely drinking enough to cause liver failure which takes a long time, but you could be damaging your liver more and more each day you abuse alcohol. That one day off is going to do nothing to heal the liver with 6 days of heavy drinking on each end of it. That is really nothing when it comes to the liver recuperating from the onslaught of a toxin. It can handle toxins in normal amounts, but you are way over and the liver will start to suffer. If you are not an alcoholic, then the smart thing to do is to drink the amount that doctors say is safe. If you cannot do that, then you should revisit the possibility that you cannot quit drinking and do indeed have a problem. The doctors say one glass of wine for a woman and two for men on a daily basis is OK, but not more than that. You are drinking almost 10 times that much every day. Not good. Not healthy. Not smart. If you really want ot know if you are an alcoholic, stop drinking all alcohol for a few months and see if you can remain sober for an extended period of time. If not, then you have a problem. Hope everything works out for you.
The biggest danger in alcohol withdrawal is seizures, so alcoholics are often given anticonvulsants (Tegretol, e.g.) or benzodiazepines (Valium, e.g.), plus symptomatic treatment as needed. For alcoholism recovery, there is Antabuse, which makes you sick if you drink, Naltrexone, which blocks the alcohol high, and Campral, which relieves post-withdrawal anxiety and cravings. Some people do wean themselves off alcohol with weed, but they are exchanging one addiction for another, though certainly a less physically damaging one.
That was tried in 1919 with the ratification of the 18th Amendment. It didnt work out so well and led to notorious criminals such as Al Capone. Thankfully cooler heads eventually prevailed and in 1933 the 21st Amendment was ratified which overturned prohibition. Just because someone does something stupid doesnt in any way mean the rest of us have to pay for it. Punish the person responsible. Libs dont understand that.
Yes, hes an alcoholic. If you really want to help him, you could have the family stage an intervention, but I would only do so if youre positive hes non-violent and wouldnt react terribly. In interventions its all about expressing love toward the addict and showing that you want them to live happy lives. If he agrees to stop drinking, make sure you remove all the alcohol from the house. If he still cant stop drinking and buys alcohol anyway, you could suggest trying it a couple more times. If every time he continues drinking, it may be a good idea to recommend rehab to him. Regardless of how much you want him to get better, though, the fact of the matter is that hes the only one who can decide to get better or not. If he doesnt want to, he wont be able to. Good luck and I hope things work out well for you, your dad, and the rest of your family.
Because of immaturity, plain and simple. Also, poor role models. If you have parents who think getting wasted is all right, then you will probably think its all right to get wasted as well. Every time you get drunk, you are one step closer to becoming addicted to alcohol. Everything in moderation, sure, but getting to the point of drunkeness is not moderation.
Alcohol *is* a drug. However, you cant talk about drugs as though theyre all the same thing, its just a category. Though theyre both drugs, theres a difference between heroin and alcohol, or cocaine and marijuana, and it doesnt make any sense to treat them as though theres no difference. Someone who says they are "against drugs but not alcohol" needs to have a long, hard thinking session about what their opinion really is, because not only does that not make sense when phrased that way, but its inconsistent.
Hi Rachel! Congratulations on your recovery! It is so nice that you want to help others in their path to recovery. According to this site http://www.guidetoonlineschools.com/degr    "A certificate in alcohol and drug counseling takes the least amount of time to earn, but these programs are generally only open to individuals who are already certified counselors. These certificates simply provide more specialized training and information to those who are interested in working specifically with people who are suffering from drug and alcohol addiction. While earning these certificates, students will study proven rehabilitation techniques and explore solutions to the challenges they will face as counselors. To earn an associate degree, students will take more general classes. They will study psychology and sociology, learning how people come to be drug and alcohol addicts. Communication classes will also be required of associate students. The same sorts of classes will be taken at four-year universities, but bachelors degrees require more credits. Students will study actual counseling techniques and cases and they will also learn more about the effects that drugs and alcohol have on people. Graduate degrees in counseling are required by most states in order to become a certified counselor. Most professionals earn master   s degrees in counseling with a specialization in alcohol drug and counseling. General knowledge of psychology and sociology is assumed, so curriculum will concentrate on techniques and theories of counseling. To earn doctoral degrees, students have to choose a specialized area of interest, such as a single patient case study or working with people of a certain socioeconomic background. They also conduct original research and write extensive dissertation papers on their chosen topic." Good luck with whatever you choose! :)
Well it is a "habit" you now have, and something you do to control your life/actions or count on to structure them. Whether you want to *depend* on that habit to do homework or feel finished with school for the day, or any other reason, is up to you (...I wouldnt be comfortable with that dependency, but thats me...I do enjoy a small glass of wine sometimes while cooking or waiting for dinner, etc, but doesnt happen every day). I wouldnt say youve quite reached the level of alcohol "abuse" but its something you could be on a path to so worth watching--and even more so since youre having *two* servings of alcohol per day in amount. (Whether an alcoholic drink is "well mixed" or delicious, or even liquor rather than wine or beer, wont make any difference re the dependency they may create or any "abuse" potential for you though.) .
Alcohol can manipulate your emotions and influence your thoughts, often times in regards to things that are not even real to you when completely sober. I have a feeling that the alcohol may be responsible for this recurrent feeling youve had. If you choose to continue drinking, make sure that you dont use alcohol to numb that thought because that kind of behavior can lead right back to patterns of abuse or dependance.
I hope your meaning long term? not if you drink one night then suddenly stop all these return to normal, because they reactions will be piss poor when your pissed. Fitness: will be down, the same as when you eat unhealthy etc.. You need to exercise to improve this again to a good standard. Liver: If you havent abused alcohol for long & your still young, your liver can return to health naturally.. If it has been abused for years, you may have some liver disease, where it cant recoved.. Reflexes: Might be slightly worse of.. but shouldnt be affected too much, after normal exercise etc, should be back to normal.
Weed is bad for you in a number of ways. It has 2,000 cancer causing agents in its smoke, and often can lead to lung cancer. It is stored in fat around your reproductive organs, and can make you infertile (or sterile). a lot of people also do stupid things while they are high, and often end up killing themselves. If you smoke pot on a regular basis, then it will also affect your short term memory, and give you the memory of an 80 year old. You often hear about people who smoke pot leaving babies in the car and the babies die from the heat, because they forgot they had their children with them. Pot also damages brain cells, and you ca buy pot laced with cocaine without knowing it, and if you are allergic to cocaine, you can die, or you could also get addicted to cocaine that way. Weed can also lead to harder drugs.
well it would be bad if the alcoholic was a recovering addict, which puts he or she in a enviroment that can trigger a craving and motivate the temptation for relapse. even if its been a years after their last drink. i went to rehab for opiates, so thats like me working at a pharmacy with all that candy laid out in front of my face with that temptation. but since it seems like the person is still in active addiction and working as a bartender, it could increase there alcohol intake from making the drinks to watching other people enjoy them, which will tempt them to sneak a few on a the job, which in time you would get caught and fired, and if the person was sober coming to work, depending on how alcohol affects their mood, drinking on the job could cause their mental state to change drastically towards all the customers by being easily agitated which would be bad for business and they would be the one with the drunk and disorderly charge lol. so no, any addict, what ever the substance may be, should not choose a career where the potential for addictive behaviors can/will exist.
Its not a choice, its just than alcoholics are addicted to the effects of alcohol... imagine you are standing totally naked in the street, and someone offered you a coat, youd snatch it off them and feel a lot better... to alcoholics, alcohol is that coat.
You seem empathetic, you feel deepely for people you cannot help. Just try to remain a good friend to them, do not lecture them & do not hate them for their decisions. Focus on making yourself the best person you can be, this involves not hating people because hate is a negative feeling. Let the people you care about know that you care about them, but remember that no one will quit a drug or alchol unless they want to, you cant change people or hate them for the decisions they make even if you do not agree with them using drugs, its their life. Just concentrate on yourself :)
Its all connected. But I would think that drugs/alcohol would probably cause the most physical and legal problems. Obesity kills a little slower, but it destroys your health and isolates you. Exercise and dieting can be taken too far and end up as anorexia. I quit drinking alcohol and over eating. But now I exercise a lot and count carbs. Every little carb. I havent eaten bread, rice, pasta or a cake cookie or cracker in forever. Im not sure when I last had sugar. But if I eat any of that stuff, I cant stop. I can eat constantly. Like a cow. Im never full. Im never satisfied. And when I used to drink, I was never drunk enough. Its all the same. Its an excess of everything. So I try to not go crazy with the diet and exercise. But I really cant have sweets or alcohol or all bets are off.
MIP is a Class "C" misdemeanor punished by a fine not to exceed $500.00. However, if a minor has 2 prior convictions, the punishment is a fine of not less than $250.00 or more than $2,000.00 and/or confinement in jail for a term not to exceed 6 months! The court shall order a convicted minor to perform community service for not less than 8 or more than 12 hours. However, if he has a prior conviction, the community service is not less than 20 hours or more than 40 hours. The court shall order the Department of Public Safety to suspend the minor   s driver   s license or permit or, if he does not have one, to deny the issuance of one for: 30 days if he has no prior convictions<SEMCOL> 60 days if he has one prior conviction<SEMCOL> or 6 months if he has 2 prior convictions. For the purpose of determining whether a minor has a prior conviction, an order of deferred adjudication for a prior offense is considered a conviction! The court shall require a convicted minor who has not been previously convicted to attend an alcohol awareness course approved by the Texas Commission on Alcohol and Drug Abuse. If he has been previously convicted, the court may require him to attend the course. http://studentlife.tamu.edu/scrs/sls/MIP
Some things are once in a while things like weed,acid, ecstacy etc. Other things like crack have very high addictive potential. If she keeps smoking it she will probably become addicted.
In high school I used to lightly dab my acne with rubbing alcohol to prevent inflammation.. It helped so much, the pimple would calm down after a few days of dabbing.. I do recommend however, after the dabbing process, to put lotion on it so it wont harden and flake off, leaving a scar.. Also I saw, another user answered your questions, stressing you not to use Rubbing alcohol, which I agree with.. but I would only use this in emergencies, because it is strong and fast. DO NOT USE IT EVERYDAY. Also... I DO NOT RECOMMEND USING PROACTIVE.. PLEASE DO NOT BUY IT, IT WORKS AFFTER A LONG TIME USE, BUT THERE IS A CHEMICAL IN ITM WHICH CAUSE YOUR FACE TO BE ADDICTED AND ALWAYS REQUIRE PROACTIVE, WHICH IS NOT CHEAP. therefore, the day you run out, sleep over at someones house, or just forget to not use proactive, you will break out, worse than ever before. I do recommend using natural products, like burts bees, or cetaphyl, which is just wonderful.
Mixing Antihistamines and Alcohol can cause liver damage<SEMCOL> but mind you alcohol alone can cause liver damage so where its not exactly advisable I would say that anyone who would get smashed on alcohol is doing quite a lot more damage. But just for clarification were not talking instant death<SEMCOL> any long lasting effects would have to be extended abuse.
You mean in how easy it is to get caught up in feeling good and addicted to them? Alcohol and nicotine have never made me want to kill people who dont partake. Only religion seems to have that kind of power.
alcohol you can buy it at a corner grocery store, or even drug store and vodka is cheap it affects your liver and the worst its addicting
I surly hope there is a misunderstanding btw your family and you. No parents ever want to destroy thieir own child by having them to drink or smoke. These 2 things were the style of 60s and 70s. It USED to be cool to smoke. But not anymore. It only takes 4 single cigarrettes to make you addicted to it. I for one am very proud of you. Stick with healthy diet and extercise. You will live longer with a healthier liver :):)
My deepest problem is drinking too much and maybe getting caught with a D.U.I. That would probably put me out of a job. Not worth it.
Treatments for alcohol addiction Before you seek treatment the first and most important part of the process is that of admitting that you have a problem. Once you have done so then the next step is help and support. Beating an alcohol addiction is a long and painful process. It requires much more than sheer willpower: it requires you to make changes to every aspect of your life and some of that can be more difficult to do than others. But help and support is available so you don   t need to do this on your own. Treatments for alcohol addiction are quite varied because there are multiple perspectives for the condition itself. Those who approach alcoholism as a medical condition or disease recommend differing treatments than, for instance, those who approach the condition as one of social choice. Most treatments focus on helping people discontinue their alcohol intake, followed up with life training and/or social support in order to help them resist a return to alcohol use. Since alcoholism involves multiple factors which encourage a person to continue drinking, they must all be addressed in order to successfully prevent a relapse. An example of this kind of treatment is detoxification followed by a combination of supportive therapy, attendance at self-help groups, and ongoing development of coping mechanisms. The treatment community for alcoholism typically supports an abstinence-based zero tolerance approach<SEMCOL> however, there are some who promote a harm-reduction approach as well. The effectiveness of alcohol addiction treatments varies widely. When considering the effectiveness of treatment options, one must consider the success rate based on those who enter a program, not just those who complete it. Since completion of a program is the qualification for success, success among those who complete a program is generally near 100%. It is also important to consider not just the rate of those reaching treatment goals but the rate of those relapsing. Results should also be compared to the roughly 5% rate at which people will quit on their own. Medications for treating alcohol addiction Although not necessary for treatment of alcoholism, a variety of medications may be prescribed as part of treatment. Some may ease the transition to sobriety, while others cause physical hardship to result from the use of alcohol. In most cases, the desired effect is to have an alcoholic abstain from drinking. Antabuse (disulfiram) prevents the elimination of (acetaldehyde), a chemical the body produces when breaking down ethanol. Acetaldehyde itself is the cause of many hang over symptoms from alcohol use. The overall effect is severe discomfort when alcohol is ingested: an extremely fast acting and long lasting uncomfortable hang over. This discourages an alcoholic from drinking in significant amounts while they take the medicine. Heavy drinking while on antabuse can cause severe illness and death. Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist for opioid receptors, effectively blocking our ability to use endorphins and opiates. It also appears to act on glutamate neurotransmission. Naltrexone is used in two very different forms of treatment. The first treatment uses naltrexone to decrease cravings for alcohol and encourage abstinence. The other treatment, called pharmacological extinction, combines naltrexone with normal drinking habits in order to reverse the endorphin conditioning that causes alcohol addiction. Naltrexone comes in two forms. Oral naltrexone, originally but no longer available as the brand ReVia, is a pill form and must be taken daily to be effective. Vivitrol is a time-release formulation that is injected in the buttocks once a month. Acamprosate (also known as Campral) is thought to stabilize the chemical balance of the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism. Campral is thought to act on the brain pathways related to alcohol abuse in maintaining abstinence for a short period of time. While effective alone, it is often paired with other medication treatments like naltrexone with great success. Acamprosate reduces glutamate release. Sodium oxybate is the sodium salt of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid (GHB). It is used for both acute alcohol withdrawal and medium to long-term detoxification. This drug enhances GABA neurotransmission and reduces glutamate levels. It is used in Italy in small amounts under the trade name Alcover. Baclofen has been shown in animal studies and in small human studies to enhance detoxification. This drug acts as a GABA B receptor agonist and this may be beneficial.
Emma, for some people (my self included) alcohol seems to be the most dangerous drug of them all. I know I cant consume it without abusing it, and when I do abuse it it absolutely wrecks my life. As little sense as it makes, alcoholics have more troubles with it than even the hardest drugs. What you are experiencing is withdrawal, and it only gets worse as time spent drinking goes on. I urge you to consider seeking treatment. Best of wishes
You must learn moderation, grasshopper! Your body is punishing you for acting like a fool and abusing it. It sounds like you had a nice bout of alcohol poisoning, and it will take time for your system to get back to normal, IF it ever does.
An added not to "Not Bruce" -- Youll probably notice Im a bit sarcastic in my answer below. All sarcasm & satire aside, though, I think youre maybe not too knowledgeable about alcohol & alcoholism. Ive befriended maybe 40 street people who are alcoholics -- or who were, since some of them are dead of drinking-related causes by now. My father also struggled with alcoholism or something very similar for about 20 years before his death, and I think my mothers death of pancreatic and liver cancer at age 59 may well have been triggered in part by an excessive love of brandy. From my experience, raising the price of alcohol is not going to motivate acoholics like my father, or my mother, or the street people Ive know, to quit. Also, raising the price wont give the alcoholics, anyway, an incentive for "getting a job." Maybe getting cheap alcohol of the street might change the behavior of some poor people and encourage them to drink less. But people who are already drinking themselves to death are not going to get serious about holding down a job because the price of booze has risen. For one thing, if theyre already drinking too heavily, they may not be able to hold down a job - even if they want to. I think youre somewhat demonizing welfare recipients by painting most of them as alcohol abusers, and I think youre also ignoring the fact that being poor & unemployed may be a cause of alcohol abuse, not the effect. Hence my sarcasm below. But in any event, youre overstating your case when you suggest raising prices of black market alcohol as a method of encouraging people to work. Yes, lets make alcohol harder to get<SEMCOL> lets discourage people from drinking. I just think that alcohol abuse is most damaging than you imagine<SEMCOL> it messes up the thinking of those who engage in it. I dont think they would see your logic. -- Andy F / democratic socialist =================== I LOVE your suggestion! Lets have the United States adopt the same Muslim laws against alcohol consumption that they enforce in Dubai & Saudi Arabia, and our welfare problem wll just disappear! THREE CHEERS FOR SHARIA LAW & RADICAL ISLAM! Or if we dont want to go that way, what about the USA simply bringing back Prohibition?
Honey, I am a 25 yr. sober alcoholic. Went to both AA & Alanon as my ex husband also is an alcoholic. We were told we could not "tell" someone they were or were not an alcoholic, BUT were also taught youre either pregnant or you arent. Youre either a "social drinker", OR an "alcoholic drinker". Theres NO in between. A "social drinker" would NOT be inclined to drink EVERY day of their lives as they can take it or leave it. Your boyfriend is doing everything in his power to defend his "rite to drink". I too was a vodka drinker, sometimes beer drinker, when I couldnt get anything I "preferred", I drank whatever contained alcohol...!!! Alcoholism IS a disease. A cunning, addicting, progressive killer disease. Being in AA for yrs., I witnessed it ALL, including yes death unfortunately. IF you think hes bad now, just wait, he WILL progressively get worse as time goes by. I remember too not drinking before noon time. Then it progressed, when I had a bad hangover, the very first drink of my day slowly turned to alcohol. I HAD TO "quench" that "need" my body actually needed alcohol. From then on, I just kept drinking the whole rest of the day, which usually consisted of my wk. ends prior to finally quitting. I could NOT go without some form of alcohol for a whole day. My body needed it. Alcohol also changes a persons personality. I am a quiet, loving, caring person. When I drank, I was a fighter. My whole personality changed. Alcoholics are also loaded with guilt. We are well aware of those we are hurting, carry around that guilt for doing so, but just cant do anything about it but attempt to drowned it in more alcohol. Honey, I so highly suggest you go to a few Alanon mtgs. Find some that are close to you & GO. You will not only help yourself, youll learn about the disease & also learn things that in turn will also be of help to him. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. They are the nicest folks you could want to meet, will do anything/everything in their power to help you IF you care to ask them. I beg of you to go to at least just a few. Youll learn EVERYTHING you want to know about alcoholism. It also is an inherited disease. Someone somewhere in his family could have been an alcoholic & hes not even aware of it. PLEASE, honey, DO go to Alanon, as I promise you he IS going to keep getting worse & worse as time goes by. Also many alcoholics turn into abusers too. THAT is another possibility you may be facing as you also stated he gets so mean & it IS going to progressively get worse. Ill do anything/everything in my power to help those involved in alcoholism. I lived that life, lived with that life...I DO SO wish you all the best, honey...:) Edit: Honey, its possible his meds. may give him some kind of a reaction when hes drinking he hasnt told you about!!! Think about that...!!!
Some scientists think that human intelligence and the evolvement of the brain was originally an accidental mutation. This mutation allowed humans to become the dominant species on earth. But along with brain expansion come things like chemical imbalances in the brain. This imbalance causes a craving for alcohol (probably brought on when humans started eating sugar since alcohol turns to sugar), and drugs which damped ones fears, anxiety etc. since the brain is so active and the mind cant be stilled. Its mostly a bio-chemical addiction to these substances. I believe a lot is biology because some people and even whole cultures can drink but never become alcoholics<SEMCOL> others become alcoholics relatively quickly. Same with drugs<SEMCOL> some people can do drugs occasionally and others get hooked on the first time out. There has to be a biological basis for this.
Hello, The first step is recognising that you have a problem which you have achieved but the problem is that you have realised that you have had a problem for a prolonged period of time and you have tried to kerb you habit but have been unsuccessful. You seem aware that your family are suffering due to your alcoholism but your selfishness seems to override their needs on a continual basis. If you have tried to seek help individually maybe you should try seeking help as a family so they can encourage you can see the detrimental effects that it will have on them if you fail again.
none
Hi, Alcohol with benzos is a no, no. Here is why, both act on the same receptor in the brain and potentiate each other. Both are CNS depressants and the two together could push you over the edge and make you stop breathing. People die like this all the time. That being said, benzos do not affect the heart, alcohol does. Chronic alcohol abuse can cause a condition called dilated cardiomyopthy and further decrease the ejection fraction and eventually heart failure and death. If you are drinking, STOP!
Ive always wondered that myself. The business side of me tells me that its all over insurance coverage. Some insurance companies wont pay for certain preexisting conditions, including certain diseases. Alcoholism may be one of those diseases.
none
If you drink moderately,say a glass or two of wine in the evening it will be be fine,but there is no safe amount to smoke,just one a day could kill you,its the only product made that kills when you use it as Directed,so cigarettes are definitely worse.
none
Its hard to say for sure. I think generally when people say "The dangers of alcohol" they are referring to the short term. For instance you get alcohol poisoning, go drunk driving and get in a wreck, or just do some flat out stupid stuff. Thats not to down play possible long term effects like alcohol abuse, cirrhosis, etc. I think Europe generally has a more laid back, easy going culture and can honestly just handle alcohol better than Americans. Part of the reason why most European countries have a very low drinking age, if one at all is because when young europeans drink they do it responsibly and know how to enjoy themselves because its an integral part of their culture. Here in America it is more taboo so young people here want to drink as much alcohol as they can in the shortest amount of time possible and get "****** up". So to answer your question I dont think its so much that the dangers of alcohol is a hoax, as much as it is just a big difference in culture.
CSWs are Master   s-level degree. They have a lot of training in counseling. Their basic training is in Social work, i.e., finding resources to help the client. To have the    ist    attached to your title, it takes a Ph.D. Clinical Psychologist, for instance. Different systems use different terminology, so I don   t know what a    Counseling Psychologist    would be in your community. Sounds like the Psychologist would have extra training in    talk therapy    rather than psychometrics. Alcohol and drug counselors, in my experience, have little or no training beyond a    certificate   , if that. Example: an addict or alcoholic who has been through the 6-month Daytop program, and who returns to works as an unpaid or low-paid    counselor    would fit into this class. The absolute WORST alcohol/drug counselors are active members of the so-called anonymous programs. They have no training at all, but love to tell you how to stay clean/sober. Telling you what to do is not counseling. A good therapist, on the other hand, would help you to discover your inner strength for recovery. Would help in planning to avoid relapse. BTW the anonymous programs are good for relapse control, except for one terrible fact: AAs are four times as likely to turn a    slip    into a full-scale relapse. Also BTW, researchers have found that effective psychotherapy or counseling is not dependent on the degrees and training of the counselor. Rather, it depends on the counselor   s humanness, understanding, empathy, ability to relate to the client and to allow/encourage the client to grow. The worst psychotherapist I ever saw was a psychiatrist--all he wanted to do is stuff me full of pills. The best was a young woman who had Rogerian training, although she was short of concrete help, which I later obtained in CBT.
uhh. ... i tried cigarettes smoking them everyday (lucky strike, marlboro) and after 2 months i still didnt get addicted. i also saw what was the truth to me about th emajority of all the smokers: its more the image and to have something to do when bored. not because it tstes so good but when you do it too often your brain WILL start to think cigarettes taste good. alcohol: i dont feel confident either by only drinking soda when going out because it makes u look like a pussy, but you dont need to drink gallons and heavy stuff, or grab a new beer right after u finished the previous! just drink 4-8 beers on an evening eventually with soda inbewteen. dont drink heavier stuff than beer or may be some wine. you look much cooler drinking moderately than drinking yourself to coma or to a state when you look exhausted and start doing regrettable things. how to make a girl fall for you: set up a tripwire at a place you know she regularly walks. no srsly i dont know thats not one of ym best qualities :P
A breath test isnt required for minor in possession of alcohol. In my state the fine is only $100 plus court costs, substance abuse classes and a 12 month administrative driving suspension (regardless of if you were in a vehicle the night you were caught).
none
Its not good to use either to cope with life. There is a good chance you have a drinking problem. Weed isnt addictive in the same sense as alcohol, but you can get dependent on it for stress relief. Id suggest contacting AA or a similar group. Also, see a doctor or counselor to help you deal with life. Good luck.
none
I wouldnt call it an addiction unless you physically cant stop drinking. I would agree to every point you made, (except the Jack bit, I hate whiskey), but I have in the past stopped drinking for various reasons and then continued as before. I wouldnt worry about it unless, as other people have mentioned, it is affecting your life. Good luck on stopping if that is what you intend to do. P.S. A little drunk whilst writing this so it may not reflect my actual opinion. P.P.S. I have no qualifications to support my opinions
I enjoy a drink once in a while, but not every day, not even every month. But on special occasions, my sister and I will hide the car keys, then sit in the house and get wasted. Its a matter of use or abuse. And unless youre allergic, youre not likely to die from one drink.
First off the word drug, does not cover all of the drugs that were out there, as it in itself is a very general term when used. As I believe drugs such as hash, grass, LSD, and mushrooms, had a great deal to do with a lot of the music that was made back in the 60s to late 70s, and why I say this is that most of these type of drugs where mind expanding, which help created some of the great music of that time. Im not saying all great music was done under the influence of drugs, because that would be a lie. But one has to remember most of these artist such as "Hendrix", new what some of these and other types of drugs would do to them. But they choose to live the way they did, as what they were doing at the time, was what life was all about. It was all about freedom of choice. And freedom of choice was something that most artist at that time believed in. Growing up most of the people I knew at the time and hung around with did, the drugs I mentioned above. And only a small group of these people died from the drugs, and that was because most them abused what they were doing. As it is the same with alcohol today. Some people can handle what they drink and others cant. But there are drugs that are addictive and I believe should not be touched as cocaine and other drugs along this line, as they are very addictive and take one ones sense of understanding and makes one , unstable. So drugs like these in the long run will have no effect on . how great a song will be. So, yes at one time they did, and some of that music from back then, would never have been written if these people were not on drugs. Remember when one looks at the number of people that were in the music world at that time, the ones that died, do not out number the ones who lived. And again most choose to do what they did and most knew what the out come would be. take care dave
His brain is fried from the drugs and he is still withdrawing he needs to get help but i doubt he would accept it... i dont think the law would do anything with him til he hurt somebody but he definately needs rehab
Long term use has caused psychological damage such as paranoia, schizophrenia, other mental disorders
Shaking, or delirium tremors, are most notable when the alcoholic hasnt drank for a few hours. Alcoholism is an insidius desease, and I might point out that there are functional alcoholics everywhere that have different drinking habits than the traditional skid-row type of alcoholic. The body can become dependent on it after heavy, consistent drinking over a period of time. When the body becomes addicted to a substance there is a period of withdrawal when the substance is no longer in the persons system, or at the usual level of intoxication. Y  ull find "maintenance drinkers"that dont appear drunk but have quite a high level of alcohol in their blood stream. So, that said, shaking and seizures accompany alcohol withdrawal and can be fatal unless a doctor monitors them in a hospital or detox center.
It absolutely glorifies it, but I dont believe its because of any conspiracy. People are fascinated with darker parts of life. Even if they dont involve themselves in those things, there still is a weird fascination every person has with it. Think of when people drive by a car accident. They all slow down and gawk, but really what are they hoping to see?
Hi Katie, I have to be honest, the first time I got wasted I was 14yrs old. Problem was I really liked it, so a few buddies & I would slowly sneak booze from our folks during the week & use it on the weekend. Ill ask this of you: do you drink at age 14? Are you curious about it? Anyway, alcohol is a CNS (central nervous system) depressant. It slows your motor skills, will begin to affect things like balance & speech, & also affect your decision making by lowering your inhibitions. It also kills bumerous brain cells. As it continues to increase in your system your liver can no longer filter it as fast as youre taking it in. When you reach toxic levels (alcohol poisoning) it will cause you to vomit - your body is trying to get the poison out of your system. So when you see someone throw-up from drinking, thats the first stages of alcohol poisoning. In the later stages you pass out as your nervous system is basically shutting down & could eventually cause your respiration to stop - death. If a 14 year old continues to drink regularly they will cause irreparable brain damage, as well as serious and pre-mature damage to their liver, heart, kidneys, & central nervous system. If you study the statistics youll also see the increased potential for behavioral problems that lead to legal problems. Theres also a significant increase in pregnancy among teenagers that drink, dropping out of school, and sadly, rape. Statistics also reveal that a MAJORITY that continue to drink will use narcotics (illegal drugs). Approximately 10% of the population has the pre-disposition for addiction. Notice thats not 10% of drinkers ...that percentage is higher because many people abstain from drinking. Im not bashing on you. In fact, I APPLAUD you for asking. I use to teach alcohol awareness courses to young people coming in the military. Its a huge temptation & can honestly say there is a direct parallel between young people that drank with disciplinary problems, marital problems, spousal & child abuse, & yes, death (usually driving under the influence). A note from me: I understand the curiosity and the temptation to party as a social outlet. My only question to a young person is are you aware of the consequences of each decision because it will take a lot of maturity to not allow yourself to cross over some dangerous lines when alcohol begins to affect ones thinking. Youre very wise & courageous to ask the question ...it means you want TRUTH, not emotionally loaded opinion. I hope my 10 year old daughter is just as wise to ask when she gets curious. Good Luck! -SgtOfHeart
Withdrawal can occur after very small amounts. It all depends on your genes. I never had any withdrawal when I was younger, used to have around 10 drinks at night and go play soccer next morning in a league or run 10 miles and then go to the gym, on an empty stomach , apart from coffee. I was is in incredible physical shape. Then something happened. I started to get tremors in the am, which got earlier each day until I was taking drinks when I awoke to combat this. If you have any adverse symptoms from booze, I say abstain. You are not going to have a good life with alcohol, just the way it is.
I love you as a person, and I am your friend. Maybe you should drink more milk? Eat yoghurt? Yoghurt and Kefir are very good. I will make some searching on the subject and write to you later. There is always a solution to every problem.
none
The charges you can face include: - theft of $1-$500 - careless driving causing injury - hit and run - minor in possession of ethyl alcohol You wont go to jail, you will need to pay for the medical care for the victim you tried to kill. You will need to pay a $500 fine, you wont be allowed to drive until you are 21. You will need to attend substance abuse classes.
Contrary to what everyone else is saying, yes there IS such thing as natural addiction. It has been genetically proven that some people have the "addictive gene" that makes them more likely to have addictions. Its in my family which is why Im nervous to get into alcohol. Its good thats youre aware of this, just try to stay away from it and when your old enough to drink it legally you can talk to your doctor about it
A few yrs ago I used to abuse dxm usually triple c,s I would take up to 15 pills was doing it everyday for a few months and drank sometimes I was ok im still here but it did **** with my way of thinking and now I feel like I have ulsers youll be fine but if u keep doing it in the long run its not worth it
You should know this stuff.
Its not your fault he cannot manage his money. You didnt take him to raise, he is a grown man and should manage his money more wisely. By no means would I buy him alcohol or tobacco. A bottle of wine a day is pretty excessive if you ask me. Tell him to go get help with breaking his habits that you are not going to contribute to his addictions.
http://health.nytimes.com/health/guides/    Use the site listed. I just did a report for my sociology class on the effects alcohol could have on a society and I used this site to provide most of my information. It gives the background info of alcohol, levels of drinking, causes, risk factors, complications, symptoms of alcohol abuse, how your are diagnosed with alcohol dependancy, and treatment options available. It was very helpful for my report and I think you will find it helpful to find the answer to your question.
Powerful question -- no known answer. The general theory is that people who have lots of internal mental anguish, whether caused by organic factors (chemical imbalances, mutated genes, physical brain damage, etc.) or environmental causes (horrific childhood experiences, war memories, etc) will try to "self medicate" with either alcohol or other mind altering substances, and will find some relief there, making them prone to continue that course. The "hollywood spin" is that after an auto accident, back injury, etc, a high profile person uses opiates to control the physical pain, and accidentally becomes addicted -- the spin is that this person, pre-injury, was as happy as buddah, and the addiction is no reflection of any mental anguish. Ive known heroin addicts who told me quitting heroin was easier than quitting cigarettes, so l personally discount the hollywood stories. Im sober 30 years after bring drunk 15, but that doesnt give me any magic insight -- it just means Ive personally found a better way. I believe that any persons who claim to have the "lock" on knowledge of the specific mechanics of addiction are either trying to delude you or themselves -- its a much studied and little understood mystery.
In Europe you drink alcohol to taste it, not for the effect. Thats why you find good wines in Italy and France and good beers nearly everywhere. We generally drink alcohol to taste something good, its a "special dish" added on a table. Super alcoholics are just the "saturday nights drink". I wouldnt drink beer/wine at table just to drink alcohol. I would drink a GOOD beer/wine associated with a great dish maybe on a special occasion. Its just a matter of culture.
alcohol because its terrible for your body
Wow, people like her are the reason why Ive come to despise western medicine. If shes being that rude and wont even listen to you then shes definitely not doing her job correctly. Its supposed to be an industry of CARE. You should speak to her supervisor because you really shouldnt be treated like that. But in the future if anyone asks if youve done any drugs, as long as youre not addicted or anything, just say that you havent. It makes things much easier and its not like theyre going to do a background search or test you or anything.
none
He may still be drinking. Substance abusers often start early. They acquire behaviors that are juvenile, and are often far more selfish than not. They will charm their way through to get what they want, they will lie and deceive. They often do not mature with age, because the substances cloud their ability to emotionally evolve and mature to higher more refined levels. Lies, deceptions, tricks, schemes and other anti-social behaviors are of the very fabric of the disease called substance abuse. Addicts abuse drugs and alcohol to escape reality. So it makes it easier for them to lie, cheat, steal, lead people on, defraud, and otherwise engage in behaviors that society vilifies. I would make this suggestion: run dont walk, but you already know that. So the answer to your question is, that it is part of being an addict. He will never change until he faces up to what hes become, stops abusing, works on changing his life, and matures.
In moderation alcohol can be enjoyable and have no ill effects. However not everyone has self control or the foresight to stop drinking before they drink too much. Alcohol can lead to drunk driving, violence, domestic abuse ,stachatory rape, and birth disorders. Drunk driving can lead to collisions, injuries and even fatalities. The injuries can be inflicted on innocent bystandards or by the sober passengers in the other vehicle involved in the crash. The sober victims of drunk driving may even be children, or expectant mothers. It is not uncommon for alcohol to make drinkers angry or violent. The drinkers judgement is flawed and altered and they may overreact and act out in an aggressive way. (In a related story I had a friend who wanted to fight me when he was drunk because I didnt like asparagus.) They may want to fight strangers, friends, family, and any one else at the smallest provocation. These can lead to domestic abuse and child abuse. When under aged drinkers become intoxicated at a house party they are at risk of stachatory rape. The whole scene is not a good set up. With no parents or chaperones and a whole house of intoxicated, or not very well-intentioned people are grouped together the consequences are not good. Rape victims who are drunk are easy targets because they may allow things they usually wouldnt, they may pass out, or they may black out the entire event the next morning. There are also birth disorders connected to alcohol abuse, including fetal alcohol syndrome. The infant has no control over what the mother consumes, and becomes a victim to a disorder that could easily been avoided with some consideration and self discipline. If alcohol were banned, people would still find a way to find it illegally. Making something illegal will not stop people who are determined to get it. Then effort and time would go into catching people who are storing, selling or drinking alcohol and they may be fined or otherwise legally punished even if they are not abusing alcohol. Alcohol can be fun socially if used in moderation, taking away the privilege to drink alcohol is not fair to those who know how to drink responsibly. I think a happy medium would be educating youth and others about the risks and dangers of alcohol and how to drink responsibly. They should make alcohol education more prevalent in schools, just as they do sexual health.
When you wake up tomorrow say to yourself "Im not going to drink today." DDont think about long term. Take it one day at a time. Stay away from other drinkers, no matter what. Dont even watch tv or movies that show much of it. Prove your strength to yourself. You have been abusing alcohol. It has not been abusing you. You are in control. Find a way to occupy your mind, your hands and your mouth. Do puzzles and chew gum. Drink coffee and smoke cigs. Find a hobby.
Basically what happens, is when you do something you enjoy like eat chocolate or a fun activity, you brain releases a chemical called dopamine. When this chemical is released you experience happy. The release of dopamine tells you, yes i like this. When people take drugs or alc, dopamine is released. After repetative use of the drug, the dopamine receptors in your brain start to become less and less. You stop enjoying things that you used to enjoy because theres not enough dopamine receptors to detect it. This is because your body is building up a tolerance for the substance, which means you need to take more and more of it to get the sane effects. After continued use, your body becomes dependant on the substance which means you take it just to feel normal. (You stop taking it to feel good, its now so that you can feel normal or okay). Eventually you become addicted which means you cant function without it. This is when people start to lose it because everything they do revolves around how can i get more? Because thats all they can think about. This is when theyve essentially hit rock bottom and need help.
Mormons abstain from alcohol. They also believe wine in the old days meant grape juice. Water is cheap and readily available. Besides if you bless it its all the same in the end. It commonly follows the strange idea that Joe Smith was told by god that many things were bad for human use. It is framed by Mormons as the Word of Wisdom and is not a sin or commandment. It is considered friendly advice from god and church leaders for a happy life. Most Mormons obey the Words of Wisdom and consider it devinely inspired. Here is a few points that sheds light on the nonsense that is the LDS faith. The origin of the Word of Wisdom begins with Joes wife complaining about cleaning up the smoke filled rooms and missed spittoons. She asks Joe to pray for a solution? Any husband worth a crap will realize its time to banish the filthy habits from within his church. As we have seen in modern America trying to force people to quit a habit like smoking is not met with blissful acceptance by the smoking public. How can Joe take the heat off of himself , well that is easy ...just say, God has said, "...." When he begins to spout his nonsense we need to place it into the frame and context that our bodies are temples. This in many ways may sound fine and good<SEMCOL> however, his statement is framed as divine guidance despite mostly stating the obvious. Ask any smoker who has smoked for any considerable period if it is harmful and they will tell you, yes! Ask any addict if abstinence from their drug of choice effects their mood ....um...Duh! YES!. So in addition to smoking and chewing tobacco, alcohol is a simple addition to the list of abstinence. It shouldnt need to be pointed out that the effects alcohol has on alcoholics health as obvious. Many reasons associated with alcohol abuse place it on the list for abstinence but also prevent it from becoming a sin. Many early church members had problems with alcohol this made it hard to condemn and banish. It should also be remembered during this era, Alcohol was used as a medicine and anesthesia. Hot beverages are on the abstinence list and commonly accepted to mean coffee because caffeine is addictive. Hot Chocolate and some teas dont count for some odd reason. In an interesting side not or advice... never stand in the way of a Mormon trying to get to their first fix of Diet Coke in the morning. For any of this nonsense to be reveled by god, one would need to believe god would make a comment regarding the common use of drugs today. Granted current church leaders often do. (by stating the obvious just as Joe did) But it is obvious Joe never saw Chrystal Meth as much of a threat and neither did his god.
none
none
An alcoholic is a person who is addicted to alcohol like if you are a chocoholic you are addicted to chocolate. its best if you STOP now to prevent any damage to your body like: -stops growth development -liver damage -brain problems -influences you to harm yourself more -gets you into trouble (violence when drunk) IF YOU WANT TO CONTINUE LIVING PLEASE STOP DRINKING
none
Jupiter in Pisces isnt an aspect<SEMCOL> its a placement. Since Jupiter takes about 12 years to make one trip around the zodiac it spends about one year in each sign. It is not likely that everyone born during the time Jupiter is in Pisces has drug abuse tendencies or even most of them. Jupiter is the ruler of Pisces and as such this placement indicates Jupiter will act like Jupiter without influence of other planets save perhaps Venus who is exalted in Pisces. Jupiter can be associated with excess and that fits drug addiction (including alcohol), so it isnt surprising that Jupiter might be part of whatever it is in a chart that could indicate such things. But placement in a sign is not enough.
Yes it is, but now how youre thinking I dont think. The breathing part WAS caused by this. Alcohol is a depressant, but that doesnt mean it makes you sad. It depresses your body functions. Your brain and thinking, your muscles, your heart, your breathing. The effects arent good. SO because your brain is affected, your emotions change and become uncontrollable! You dont know what is happening! Some people get happy and nicer when theyre drunk. Some people get angry and violent! You, apparently, get sad. DONT ABUSE YOUR ALCOHOL, OR IT WILL MAKE YOU LOOK DUMB :) but also, its dangerous! You could cause your brain to shut down for good! Drink responsibly, my friends.
Coming from someone who has drunk a lot, 1 and a half bottles of wine does not seem like a lot. But I can assure you, that you will continue to drink more as your tolerance builds. I did and ended up drinking about 12 beers a day on average. What i can say is that if it gets out of control, then yes you will end up with health problems at a fairly young age most likely. its best to control your drinking. Maybe once a week you can splirge like that, and not end up with serious problems at a young age. Everything in moderation. Hope this helps
Not if he/she were currently doing it. But we all have things weve done in the past we are not proud of. I dont hold it against Bush or anyone else like the angry cons try to do with Obama. But then, they are losing the election and in the desperate mode right now. <SEMCOL> )
That is a strange example, but in no way the majority. People who drink and do drugs do not live longer on average.
That is nothing . Even a bottle of champagne is not alcoholism . However if alcoholism runs in your family, be very very careful. Also keep it to wines/champagne/beer. If you get addicted to stronger booze ( and you will if you drink it regularly because of your familys addiction ) you will end really bad
this is stupid on its face. you know nothing of the issue
The most common physical withdraw symptom is the shakes. After drinking the next morning hold your arm out see if your fingers are shaking. If they do and they dont when you are totally sober thats a sign of physical dependence. I am a alcoholic. Check out the links below to get a better explanation. Its my personal blog to help people understand various topics about alcohol abuse alcoholism etc.
Because this is not meant to be a chat room or discussion forum, there isnt anywhere here where its ok to discuss things at all. Some recovery questions are asked and answered under the Health category, while others are handled under the Sociology category. This is an information exchange site -- not a chat room or social contact site or discussion forum. Questions here must be seeking information or advice of general interest to the community. Answers must attempt to answer the question. I did a really quick online search for "forums for recovering alcoholics" and got several good results. Try it yourself an youll see even more of them. Here are just a few: http://soberrecovery.com/forums/ http://www.experienceproject.com/groups/    http://www.theagapecenter.com/AA/Chat-Ro    http://recoveryrealm.com/
Suicide Notes by Michael Thomas Ford A Long Way Down by Nick Hornby By the Time You Read This, Ill Be Dead by Julie Ann Peters The Elegance of the Hedgehog by Muriel Burbery Veronika Decides to Die by Paul Coelho Trigger by Susan Voight The Burn Journals by Brent Runyon
none
Its the whiskey. Youll be fine tomoro. You keep doing that especially with the xanax and youll wake up dead. Your young, dont throw away your life by mixing all of those. Take some gravol or diphenhydramine for the nausea and youll be fine. Keep doing that and you will eventually overdose, fall asleep and stop breating. Get some help if you are addicted. I do all of those drugs, right now Im wasted on morphine. 24hrs without any and its not good. Please dont ruin your life like me. I function but without im screwed. Peace
Purely for the sake of debate, one might take the position that by allowing those with addiction problems (drugs, alcohol, and other excesses) to indulge their illness without restraint would lead them to an early death, thus removing them and their problem from society. On the extreme it could be argued that by doing this, it is conceivable that eventually this problem would be a self-limiting one. Possibly even to the point that eventually (I use this term lightly) the genes that lead to addictive behaviors might be eradicated via natural selection - if one is extremely ill or dead one cant breed.
Because such an argument doesnt actually create any traction as to why it should be legalized. So, on some levels it is "safer" than alcohol abuse. Not a huge selling point. What are the benefits of legalizing it? Stick to those as the main points. (However, from personal experience when I was young and foolish, some of your points are not actually true)
no. alcoholics feel like they cant function without drinking alcohol. sort of the same way you see food. they cant stop and turn to drinking for just about any and every reason. if you can stop drinking and dont depend on it, then youre not an alcoholic. you just prefer beer is all. i drink about 2 beers a day but sometimes i dont drink for week or more and other times i can drink all night. but i dont NEED to drink alcohol, i just like it.
Moral conduct for Buddhists differs according to whether it applies to the laity or to the clergy. The clergy (monks and nuns) are prohibited from all intoxicants not just alcohol. A lay Buddhist should cultivate good conduct by training in what are known as the "Five Precepts". The fifth precept says to refrain from intoxicant abuse. Although indulgence in intoxicants is basically a sensual misconduct it is given a special category as it could be the cause of breaking the other four precepts. http://www.buddhanet.net/e-learning/5min   
Alcohol and drug abuse are common problems for physicians, just as they are for other professions. The National Practitioner Data Banks Public Use File is a source of information on licensure actions taken against physicians. From September 30, 1990 through June 30, 2012, the data shows the following reasons for licensure actions by State licensing boards 3,138 actions for "alcohol and other substance abuse" 1,291 actions for "narcotics violation" 1,867 actions for "unable to practice safely: alcohol or other substance abuse" 646 actions for "narcotics violation or other violation of drug statutes" 140 actions for "diversion of controlled substances" The Data Banks reporting codes have been changed over the years, which explains the overlap of some of the categories above. In addition, some reports of licensure actions involving alcohol or drug use could have been coded in more general categories, the the above counts are somewhat low in comparison to the actual number of actions taken for alcohol or drug abuse.
They say it has a lot to do with genetics. And I think that may play a part but mostly I think some people are weaker then others. Some people feel the need to have a crutch while others just go on with out needing one. Its easy to give in and become an alcoholic, a drug addict, an abuser, or whatever. To break the cycle and pave your own way takes courage and strength.
Honey, my sister is a 25 yr. sober alcoholic thru AA. I highly suggest YOU GO to Alateen OR Alanon. They WILL HELP you. It will help you, also be of help to her too. AA saved her life, Alanon saved her sanity from her ex husband also an alcoholic. PLEASE PLEASE go to either of these programs, they are SUPER people & will help you SOOO MUCH. GO, youll be glad you did. She needs to go to detox, AA, or a 28 day program to help her. I wish you all the best, honey...GO!^
sorry, you are supposed to watch the videos and learn this. we are not on here to help you CHEAT!
yes, of course theres such a thing as beeraholic. if you are drinking any kind of alcohol drinks and you need to have it all the time and you choose to drink alcohol before anything in your life then you might consider going to AA and maybe get some treatment.
you do need to be a bit more careful with alcohol for sure! but you are not necessarily an alcoholic. it can be told on your reaction to alcohol. if you can get drunk by a rather small amount of alcohol and drink more than you actually intend to and having blackouts might be a sign of a drinking problem. but I am still fairly young, and do not know too much about such, so I might have failed, but take a look at this website, it might give you some answers <SEMCOL>) http://www.helpguide.org/mental/alcohol_abuse_alcoholism_signs_effects_treatment.htm
There is no pill for the treatment of alcoholism natural or otherwise. Long term abuse of alcohol will deplete the body of vitamins but this is not a treatment for the disease. The best treatment would be attending a recovery program or at least one one one counseling. Good luck.
There are no long-term effects from alcohol poisoning. Once the situation has cleared it is done and over with. After having drank too much alcohol in a night most people recover is less then a days time. If you meant to talk about long-term alcohol abuse then that is a different situation entirely.
none
Lemmy is well known for his lifelong large intake of alcohol. In the documentary Live Fast Die Old, it was revealed that he drinks a bottle of Jack Daniels every day and has done so since he was 30 years old.[32] During Lemmys time with Hawkwind, he developed an appetite for amphetamines and LSD and was to become renowned for his use of amphetamines. Before joining Hawkwind, he recalled Dik Mik, a former Hawkwind sound technician, visiting his squat in the middle of the night and taking speed with him. They became interested in how long "you could make the human body jump about without stopping", which they did for a few months, until Mik ran out of money and wanted to return to Hawkwind, taking Lemmy with him.[6] I first got into speed because it was a utilitarian drug and kept you awake when you needed to be awake, when otherwise youd just be flat out on your back. If you drive to Glasgow for nine hours in the back of a sweaty truck you dont really feel like going onstage feeling all bright and breezy... Its the only drug Ive found that I can get on with, and Ive tried them all     except smack and morphine: Ive never fixed anything. [6] In November 2005, he was invited to the Welsh Assembly as a guest speaker by Tory Welsh assembly member William Graham. He was asked to express his views on the detrimental effects of drugs. However he shocked the Assembly members and Welsh public when he called for the legalization of heroin: "I have never had heroin but since I moved to London from North Wales in 67 I have mixed with junkies on a casual and almost daily basis," he said. "I also lived with a young woman who tried heroin just to see what it was like. It killed her three years later. I hate the idea even as I say it, but I do believe the only way to treat heroin is to legalise it." He stated that legalization would eradicate the drug dealer from society.[33]
It effects your liver,, thats what you should worry about,, especially if you took hydrocodone before the oxys. You got high on the same does for 3 years?? Yeah the problem isnt booze its abuse
Pop culture can promote alcohol abuse Prevention of alcohol and substance abuse may start with knowledge about todays popular culture, Idaho law enforcement Officer Jermaine Galloway said in a speech themed "You Cant STOP What You Dont Know." Addressing the Piedmont Alcohol Awareness Conference at the Dutch Inn, Galloway said, "We need to close the gap," meaning that parents need to understand todays culture and slang terms. Galloway discussed slang terms, brands, trends and logos that he said promote drugs and alcohol. One of the terms that he discussed was binge drinking, which refers to men drinking five or more drinks or women drinking four or more drinks within a two-hour period. Another trend is the abuse of energy drinks that contain between 6 and 12 percent alcohol. Some energy drinks come in 23.5-ounce cans and are the equivalent of about six regular beers, he said, adding that they come in fruity flavors and the cans contain bright colors. Some energy drinks contained the equivalent caffeine of about five cups of coffee, but in 2010, laws changed in some places, and the caffeine was removed, he said. That made the drinks simply an "alcopop," or flavored beer, Galloway said. Some musical groups use lyrics that promote alcohol and drug abuse, he said. These kinds of songs and musical groups are popular among youth, and sometimes the songs are played at school events because many do not know what the songs mean, he added.
We don   t really know what causes addiction. Addiction is a complex disease that affects the physical brain, the psychological mind, and the spiritual self.
You already know you have a problem with drugs and alcohol. And I agree with Beowulf. Finding the root cause of the problem is always an excellent start to resolve it for good. But as for coffee and sleeping pills, I think the fact that you take both of them could be the problem. Coffee keeps you more alert and awake, so if you drink too much itll affect your sleep patterns which might be why you have to take sleep medicine. I think in tis case you should try to cut down on coffee and see if it helps. The change wont be immediate, youll probably only feel any effects after a few weeks. As for painkillers, there is a definite probability of being addicted. But its only been a week since you started so try to stop that before it becomes a real problem! What is the reason that you are taking pain killers. Perhaps if it is due to body pains etc, you can try alternative things like exercising to get in shape or massages instead? Also its possible to abuse adderal and there are severe side effects so if you have to take them for medical reasons, do so in moderation. If not, please try to stop before it develops into something worse. Another thing is that you work at a bar, which might not be the best profession since you sound addicted to alcohol. If possible, you might want to look at finding a job which doesnt involve being around the substance so much and that might ease your addiction urges a little. Unfortunately, I heard the only way to get over addiction is through abstinence, so in this case youll have to stay strong yourself. Hopefully itll turn out that the coffee is what is making you take sleeping pills, which will help you in that area. But other than that, I think you should try alternative methods that dont involve other potential addictions. And I think what you are doing, going for AA and stuff is great. I wish you all the best, hope you get better and stay strong!
There are many, many arguments - almost all of them spurious. If there were an age at which people became able to drink alcohol safely then it would be the same the world over - as people are the same the world over. But the legal situations is that the minimum drinking age can be as low as nil (in most countries) and as high as never (in some Muslim countries). The one thing that can be said with certainty is that rasing the drinking/purchasing age makes no difference at all to alcohol abuse. Just look at the figures country by country.
Well, I feel for you not because either of my parents are alcoholics, but I have been abused by my father. And because I have had my heart broken by choices my father has made and been disheartened as well, I can relate my story to you. We can not chose our family, its a sad thing we all must learn because as much as we want to believe our parents are superheros, the older we get, the more we begin to actually learn some things that we might have done differently. All I can suggest for you is to take your father for the man he is, if you have tried to get him to stopped an begged to get him to stop and he has not, sometimes it is the sad truth that we can not change a person who is not willing to change themselves. As much as I wanted to take back all the hands my father laid on me, I cannot, all I can do is accept the person he is and grow from it. If I were you, I would go to college, continue to make good grades, and make a life for yourself that does not involve alcohol. You now have seen the effects that alcohol can have on a family, and if I were you I would steer clear from it and enjoy your own happiness. Although I know you care for your father and want whats best for him, at the end of the day you can not change a person. They have to change themselves. Hope this helps and good luck with everything
Only if this parent is abusing the child in any way
I think the amount that you can tolerate in "one session" depends on what youve had to eat and drink, and your size, and your sex. Without that information this question is impossible to answer. If youve been feeling an elevated tolerance it may just be because you are eating more substantial meals before sessions. If you want to get "happy drunk" off of less alcohol eat less before you drink. Alcohol is primarily absorbed through the stomach lining and greasy food can impede the absorption rate as well. Consider these things next time you drink. Also its generally considered unhealthy to drink on an empty stomach.
Its better for you than bison and other alcoholic beverages, but even nonalcoholic beer has a tiny it of alcohol making you want more.
There are no bad effects from alcohol consumption. Conversely, alcohol consumption helps make a person healthier. You should consider a better phrased question and as a tutorial I leave one for you below. "What are the bad effects of long-term excessive alcohol consumption?" Alcohol helps improve cardiovascular circulation among other good effects. Bad effects = alcohol abuse and good effects = moderate drinking http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/a    BQ : will it cause any adverse effects to us if we consume too much of it very often? if yes, what are those ? Yes. I am confident you can locate this second answer yourself. http://search.yahoo.com/search?p=adverse   
you cant help someone who dont wanna help themselves. Sticking around is just gonna make it worse for both him and you. Sometimes u just have to go "tough love" on him for him to finally get over it. If he dont see u as someone important, he wouldnt give a damn. If he truly loves u as how u love him, he would fight his addictions for fear of losing someone like u. Its your choice.
#ME?
Alcohol abuse in the U.S. and the U.S.S.R.: Divergence and convergence in policy and ideology P. M. Roman, Patricia J. Gebert Download PDF (1 234 KB) Summary Existence of a major alcoholism problem in the U.S.S.R. is acknowledged by leadership in that nation. Empirical comparison of the scope of alcohol problems in the U.S.S.R. and the U.S. is precluded by an absence of data. Insight is, however, possible through comparison of social reactions to alcohol abuse in the two nations. Divergences in social reactions include strong Soviet emphasis on the linkage between alcohol and crime vs. little concern about this linkage in the U.S.<SEMCOL> Soviet attribution of drinking problems to urban and rural under-classes vs. American emphasis on the equal social distribution of drinking problems<SEMCOL> and Soviet drinking practices which encourage rapid consumption in public locations vs. American practices emphasizing social drinking in private settings. A major convergence between American and Soviet reactions is in the medicalization of drinking problems, although such a trend is much less complete in the U.S.S.R. where moralistic judgements of alcohol abuse are still considerably evident. A second convergence is in the growth of industrially-based alcoholism programs in the two nations, with strong emphases on treatment of the alcoholic found in both. Both instances of policy convergence may serve dominant political interests in the two nations by drawing attention away from social-structural supports for the misuse of alcohol. http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007    &&&&&&&&&&&&& wiki: "According to the WHO 2011 report[3], annual per capita alcohol consumption in Russia is about 15.76 litres, fourth highest volume in Europe. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholism_   
No there is not. Nothing can fully mask the smell of alcohol but certain strong smells things like coffee, ginger, garlic, Etc can help to mask it. They can also give you an excuse to keep you distance. Its good to keep you distance from recovering alcoholics because even the smell of alc can cause a relpase and neither person wants that to happen.
none
This is an outrage. How can a drink be around for so long and no-one knows for sure whats in it? What other foodstuff are we eating and drinking which contains unknown undesirable stuff??? Perhaps its time for the, secret ingredients, protection to be outlawed so that everyone may know whats really in their foods. As for your question well since it has been around for so long and we have not heard of anyone getting so addicted it ruins peoples lives like how true alcoholic drinks do then maybe youre safe. But I had heard people say they are addicted to diet coke, but it sounded like a turn of phrase then reality - but reading the article now - who knows? Lets hope you are safe and that no other, secret ingredient, is, secretly, poisoning you.
Your mother certainly could have liver damage and needs to see a doctor. Liver damage from alcohol abuse can lead to a condition called "cirrhosis" of the liver. Look it up on wikipedia and read about it. The yellow eyes you are talking about is called "jaundice." When liver damage gets to the more advanced stage and a person has cirrhosis, it does not go away. The damage is permanent damage. I agree with someone else that stated if your mom had money to drink, then she has money to go to a doctor. There are usually always a free clinic or clinics that give discounted rates based on a persons income. Im sure she can find some kind of help if she wants it. She certainly need it.
none
Its dramatic but hey, thats Hollywood. As far as how alcoholics act and some of the things they do, its pretty straight on. I dont remember the movie well enough to give specifics but Ive lived through it with several alcoholic family members.
Hi You shouldnt have any problems You may find reading these couple of pages very helpful http://www.ehealthmd.com/content/problems-caused-alcohol http://ehealthmd.com/content/alcohol-use-and-abuse
You mentioned three of about 40 causes of liver cell damage: alcohol consumption, medication toxification, and viral infection. When the liver cell become damaged from any cause, the immune system of the body will respond to this and cause inflammation to develop inside the liver which causes the liver to enlarge in size and take on a spongy texture. Hepatitis C is a virus that has entered the body and is using the liver cells to replicate itself. When it uses that cell, it dies and the virus will move to the next. The doctor can tell by blood testing, how much virus is in the liver... which is known as viral load. Some People can live many years with this viral infection or they can advance alot quicker. If the alcohol and drug abuse is totally stopped and she is detoxed from it...then there may be a chance she will have a longer life<SEMCOL> as long as it hasnt progressed to the next point: If the causes cannot be stopped, then the liver cells die off and form scar tissue inside the liver. This scar tissue (fibrosis)will continue to develop as more cells die off, and will start to connect (bridging fibrosis). The scars change the structure of the liver inside and blood will have difficulty flowing through the liver to the cells... this is Cirrhosis. It is not reversible, but a progressive disease. Now to answer your question directly: Only the doctors can tell by doing a liver biopsy, how far advanced in this disease she may be. They will also be checking her blood lab tests continuously. Transplant Centers usually require a patient to be detoxed from drugs/alcohol for a period of six months prior to being referred to them for the evaluation process of being placed on the transplant list. However, if she overcomes this...they do transplant patient with Hepatitis C virus. This is the most anyone here would be able to tell you. Best wishes
Yes it can. People who drink sodas become very addicted<SEMCOL> same goes for desserts, Kool Aid, and other sugary beverages and snacks. Sugar and foods/drinks that are made from it provide a rush and a temporary feeling of pleasure, much like alcohol does.
alcohol.. Ive heard eating sugar and driving can be very dangerous
ethyl acohol, or ethanol is regular alcohol thats found in all alcoholic beverages. youre probably thinking about methanol and yes it can get you drunk but its also extremely toxic,damaging to optic nerves and can cause blindness
Alcohol abuse is an extremely dangerous condition in that it can cause many issues in a persons existence and change many elements of their way of life. Alcohol dependency (or alcohol neglect) somehow impacts everyones life at some point in time period<SEMCOL> through a mother or father, a buddy, a associate, or additionally personal relationships. ?
hard to say, maybe he is doing a move he likes to do or he is really addicted to it. You cant tell how much influence alcohol or drugs have to this, it always depends on the person..
Tell your parents they will kick the dumbass out of you for drinking when your 13. Im sure you wont drink after that. On a side note I dont think your addicted to it after having it one time.
the minimum price of alcohol is not carving up the market so therefore EU rules do not apply in this case1
Doxycycline Doxycycline is a medicine in the class of antibiotics called tetracyclines. It is a broad spectrum, synthetic antibiotic. Doxycycline affects some bacteria, including those that cause infections to the respiratory tract. It is also widely used to treat malaria and Lyme disease. It accomplishes this through a binding process that blocks the synthesis of certain proteins. Antibiotics cannot prevent or treat viral infections such as colds or flu. As with most medications, doxycycline has side effects and contraindications. Before taking this medication, make sure to tell your doctor about any other medications you are taking, and give him a complete health history. Alcohol Alcohol use while taking doxycycline is not prohibited, but it is not recommended either. One to two drinks should not cause an adverse effect. However, studies published in the American Society of Microbiology Journal and the International Journal of Clinical Pharmacology have yielded interesting results in patients who binge-drink or have histories of long-term alcohol abuse. Patients who consume alcohol heavily or long-term eliminate the doxycycline from their systems more quickly than healthy patients. Because of these findings, the prescribing doctor might suggest a more frequent dosage, sometimes twice daily, for patients with this background.
none
The answer is easy. Alcoholics struggle with the urge to always have a drink. They get addictted, then they feel like they have to buy it all of the time and that waste their money. It also takes a toll on the persons familys emotions.
When I had withdrawals from alcohol abuse<SEMCOL> my brow would sweat (with a fever), I was irratible and felt like I couldnt get comfortable, and I COULDNT sleep...so no it will not make you tired, but maybe lazy? But not tired. Remember alcohol is a depressant, it "depresses" the nervous system. So when you are use to living with a "depressed" nervous system and you stop alcohol intake cold turkey it actually makes it harder for your system to "calm down" because theres nothing there to make it do so like the alcohol did. This is what also makes quitting alcohol cold turkey for serious alcoholic DANGEROUS. Because there nervous system is so used to being slowed by the alcohol that when it stops there nervous system goes into berserk mode and it can seize up and they DIE. Im not kidding about this stuff either. Be careful.
it depends on what you wrote All in all, even though many people love to drink and have fun, alcohol can be a very unhealthy and scary thing to be dealing with. As you can see, Even though you can have fun with alcohol, its a privilege and dont abuse it. Alcohol abuse doesnt just hurts you, it hurts everyone around you too.
there arent really specific statistics, but supposedly 30% of american adults have abused alcohol.
Lol, I have to agree still that you must be looking under a rock. i found the following links in about 30 seconds! <SEMCOL>-) Lol, never mind. http://www.experienceproject.com/stories    http://www.dailymail.co.uk/home/you/arti    http://www.healthboards.com/boards/liver    http://www.alcoholism-and-drug-addiction   
You are still young enough to stop and even reverse some of the effects of the drugs. Perhaps get a doctor to check you out as it might be some other underlying cause of your issues. Good Luck.
Statistics say men, by a long shot. Possibly this is because alcohol is quite calorific, which tends to dissuade women from drinking as much as men will. Men will drink eight pints on a night out without thinking about it. Women will have 2 vodkas and diet coke because of the calories. Women are more likely to get eating disorders (under-eating, or binging and purging) or abuse prescription drugs when they have psychological problems. Men are more likely to drink to excess. Eating disorders and pills are bad, but they dont usually destroy functionality to the extent alcohol does, so perhaps thats why men seem to more often see their lives fall apart than do women.
Im 17 and the majority of my generation have hit bongs before trying their first few drinks. I think they do surveys on this kind of stuff, so you could find out by looking into it. It might just be the people you know within your culture, Im sure theres lot of areas around the world where teens are still starting their drug pig lives with alcohol. My guess is it started whenever marijuana started to get as popular as it is now, but id have no clue when that was.
Hello, Its an old problem in all English speaking countries where there were those initial Puritan Protestant laws against it then in North America, Prohibition and even after, having to be 21 to try it. It became the classic forbidden fruit so of course when people got it they went hog wild. In other countries where wine and beer were always part of the culture with no laws or restrictions you dont see this. Cheers, Michael Kelly
How much did you take- like what does the dosage say on the packet? Was it 5mg? If it was prescribed for wisdom teeth, its probably an immediate release effect drug, which isnt so bad. You mightve just been a bit drousy... but alcohol is contraindicated for a reason so I wouldnt try it again
It appears from your symptoms, your stomach lining may be suspect. Persons who take pain relievers like Aleve, Advil, Motrin, with only a sip of water or liquid frequency can burn a spot, or worse, develop an ulcer because there is not enough liquid or food in the stomach to counter the pain pills . Directions on the pills container say to take with a glass of water. To test whether you have burned your stomach lining, try over-the-counter acid-reducing medicines called Prilosec, Prevacid, Zantac, Pepcid. If the pills help, it may explain you have a sensitive stomach lining and may have to remain on the pills until your stomach lining repairs itself. An Australian physician about 15 years discovered that ulcers are caused by bacteria that bury into the stomach lining until it is ready to strike you. The ulcer(s)are caused by a single bacterium, Helicobacter pylori. The physician is credited with an honor and won the Nobel Prize for Medicine. Harrald
Call a doctor to come to your house when your dads sober. Then he will send him to a place where they try make them give up drinking
Youre lucky that I dont have a life! LOL 1. I was walking to school with a friend in 1973, 6th grade, and we found a bag with about 18 Reds (Seconal), in it. We took them to school, divided them, and hid them in our crayon boxes. Later, a friend in the 5th grade told us that his brother in the 8th grade could sell them. So, we gave them to him. He ate them himself, but repaid me by smoking pot with me. That was when I had just turned 13, and we were near Christmas break. ---marijuana from 13 to 20 ---cocaine until about 21 ---then later methamphetamine until 44 2. Not a hardship so much financially. I did not have to resort to crime. I resorted to trafficking. ---methamphetamine to stay awake and ? ---personal hardship, insanity.. schizophrenia 3. Unemployable due to my diagnosis. ---I was hearing voices in my head, it is a very long story. It includes homelessness and eating out of dumpsters. Even on Thanksgiving, and being grateful for what I found. True story. Its a long, horrible story of insanity. My advice to them, "Take it easy. You wont believe the stories I could tell you, so I wont waste the time. But remember that most people who become addicted, wish that they had more control over their consumption. And, we all can become addicted even if we think we are on guard for that. For me, in the long run, I developed a diagnosis of schizophrenia. But if I am talking to you personally, I will tell you that I am hearing the voice of a spirit. One that vexes me night and day. The longest time I have gone without being in a conversation with him is 23 days. Back in 1992. I argue with him, and curse god for this spirit talking to me. That is about as short as I can make my story. The problem is that once you use, it will be difficult to persuade you to stop if you arent having serious problems. No one can walk up to you at a party, when you are having fun, and say "Lets go home now" and get you to leave. So, no one quits using drugs just because someone else thinks that they should. It will have to be YOUR idea. And you wont get that idea until you are miserable. Dont get addicted. Good luck."
You must be a really fun patient if youve driven your nurse to that.
Cigarettes are not regarded as drugs, so even if they see you smoke it does not mean anything, but on the other hand it will increase your blood pressure and have other undesired side effects that may interfere with other test results so you may play it low for a while.
Wow - you sound very intelligent for a 15 year old and caring - I would sit down with her and tell her you are very worried about her - and list the reasons you list above. She sounds like she is a functioning alcoholic - can do her job all week and no one knows or notices - you love her a lot - bet once she realizes you are worried about her she will stop and and evaluate her drinking - dont give up on her - Moms are the glue that keep you together and she has just fallen a little off her stride - bet Dad would help too - dont attack her - talk to her with love and caring and a "Can I help atttitude." will keep you inmy prayers Good luck young man!
Id have thought if you kept pouring drinks down someones throat, once theyd passed out, theyd drown.
in most areas there are low-income mental health clinics.... but not free drug/alcohol counseling if there is any free alcohol counseling.... then I am willing to be someone in your AA group has at least heard about it --- ask around & see what you can find out
Indeed alcohol is a drug and may be addictive. However Tobacco is not an addictive drug. Its the (nicotine) that is addicting The difference between these two is that alcohol does not contain nicotine, and your body craves nicotine after three or four smokes, however it takes a substantial amount of drinking to become physically addicted to alcohol. Marijuana is NOT addictive. There are far worse drugs out there than alcohol and tobacco. Take Meth, Heroine, or Cocaine for example. These drugs once addicted you can not escape without professional help because of the withdrawal symptoms caused by these drugs. Theres a difference between every drug.
@Goz2Fast ugh you are not very bright, it has been proven over and over that it doesnt kill brain cells, and ambition depends on the person. Why dont you do research before posting misleading information. @Nelson Heavy marijuana use doesnt damage the brain, and marijuana is not linked to lung cancer or other lung diseases, once again do research before posting stupid things. @Brianne How about medical patients who need marijuana? Steve Jobs developed Apple Computers high, our own president smoked marijuana. Marijuana has the potential to put cancer cells into remission and even stimulate brain cells growth, yeah its a crutch, idiot. Cheeseburgers can be a crutch because eating a lot of them can make you fat which leads to health issues, but I dont see anyone closing burger king down. @ex arcam That is funny considering marijuana is less addictive than caffeine, and marijuana scares you more than alcohol? HAHA, If marijuana scares you more than alcohol than you need to review your priorities, just because some stupid people abuse a non-physically addictive substance doesnt mean its the devil. Plus the biggest marijuana "may" ruin lives is because of prohibition, you smoke a few joints as a non-violent crime and all of a sudden you find yourself not being able to get a job or a life started, its ridiculous. Also tobacco Practically illegal? If a legal substance still kills around 500,000 people a year, than its not "practically illegal". It also gets government subsidies and funds, oh yeah tobacco isnt practically illegal. in fact its likely tobacco wont be illegal for a very, very, long time if it ever even is. It is truly amazing how little people know about cannabis, when the studies/facts are widely available. Also you would need to smoke 15,000 joints in 20 minutes for a lethal dose of marijuana, good luck with that one. No one has ever died from marijuana use alone, it hasnt happened. Around 500,000 people a year die from tobacco, 125,000 from alcohol and even 5,000 from caffeine, marijuana=0!
none
none
To what others have said...Yes. However, that does not mean that there arent plenty of drug and alcohol users who are infertile! Weve all seen plenty of drug addicts with multiple children. However, the effects one night of drinking and smoking would have on your overall fertility isnt that drastic. Also keep in mind that ovulation before 10 in your cycle is very, very rare, and you would have to be producing fertile cervical fluid for the sperm to survive long enough to last until day 10 or later. I think you should be most concerned about getting an STD test. Good luck! :-)
Likely no one answered because your question is judgmental in nature. However your observation is not incorrect, other than politically. There is not clear cut answer either, but you need to recognize it is a social dilemma in many countries. The answer has nothing to do with wealth or poverty, race, sex, social status, religion etc... It is largely dependent on ones sense of priorities in life, but it is more complicated than that as well, and in many cases, choice is not a factor. Depression, repression, oppression, background, self esteem......so many factors can drive that which you question. Or none of them... Drugs, alcohol and to a lesser extent nicotine (comparatively), have an addictive nature that causes physiological dependencies that often override ones sense of self preservation. Thus an alcoholic will forgo food for drink, will choose to live in conditions a non addicted person would find deplorable, and will go to any length to get to the next fix. This is a social dilemma in many countries, and the solution is not readily apparent. We see it more in the poor than in the wealthy, not because it is more prevalent in the poor, but because the wealthy can afford the object(s) of their addiction....but the effect is the same physiologically. The wealthy can smoke and drink behind the walls of their mansions, the poor are often exposed. The wealthy though are subject to the same vagaries as the poor....we can take many celebrities as examples, the only difference between them and the subjects of your query is they can afford to have food, clothing, cars etc....AND their addiction. That is an attempt to answer your question, a long winded one. Short answer is, they get the money because they have a physical need to do so. Dont judge, study this subject, and see if you can come up with a way to help, if we all did that instead of judge, we can try to make a difference in our little corner of our collective world.
no it does not Alcoholism (alcohol dependence) and alcohol abuse are two different forms of problem drinking. Alcoholism is when you have signs of physical addiction to alcohol and continues to drink, despite problems with physical health, mental health, and social, family, or job responsibilities. Alcohol may control your life and relationships. Alcohol abuse is when your drinking leads to problems, but not physical addiction.
It doesnt, it just generates tax revenue.
You should try and control your addiction by trying to slow down little by little how much you drink. Also try to focus on only one of your addiction before trying to stop the other one.
It is not unusual for someone coming out of withdrawal to possibly have significant anxiety and sometimes have obsessive symptoms to cope with it. You should be discussing this in your own counseling/treatment as part of your recovery.
Have you ever experienced OCD like symptoms before? Because its not terribly uncommon for alcohol and drugs to mask OCD symptoms only to temporarily worsen them when the person goes through withdrawal.
He is 20 years old and an adult who does not live at home and is therefore free to make his own decisions about his life. I think you should mind your own business.2
Holland and Skinner in their Analysis of behaviour proved that alcohol dismantles anxiety. Punished rat (by electric shock) used offered alcohol to reduce its anxiety and obtain forbidden food. People with social anxiety are able under alcohol to have relationships. But when anxiety is missing some people are aggressive (especially when driving). Frustrated of depressed people use alcohol to escape their bad condition. Thus emerges dependence because lack or alcohol leads in returning their symptoms. As far as long term effects of alcohol are concerned these people usually die due to cirrhosis of liver. But this final effect is preceded by damage of brain and some paranoid tendencies or delusions... Alcohol can also reduce pain and serve as anaesthetic like for example phencyclidine which however doesnt cause dependence...
If you just drink once in a while you arent going to get addicted. You have to drink a lot for quit a while to get addicted.
none
If you confront a drug addict, they will often be very defensive and selfish about the accusation. There will always be an elaborate story, that will change over time when the dust settles, they will often be obsessed with money, avoidant and withdrawn. They dont like being tied down, make a sudden suggestion for a day out or an excuse to meet up, out of the blue, they will be reluctant because they could be feeling ill from withdrawal or waiting for dealers and friends with money. They will borrow money like there is no limit, if they pay you back, they will borrow the money again straight away. Nip it in the bud, they will make you feel that their abuse is your fault, as they will have less and less control over their problem, everything will be about their bad luck and problems....totally self involved. Please feel free to talk to me if you have any other suspicions.
No. A mature and healthy person doesnt try to solve problems through the abuse of substances. And, it doesnt sound like you have the disease of alcoholism, although I guess that would depend on how big that bottle is and how hard the cider is. Perhaps college isnt the right choice for you at this point in time. Perhaps a trade school would better-suit you. The point isnt to be "competing" with other students but to be learning something that will be helpful and useful to you. It may look like they arent working as hard - how would you know how hard they worked? - but perhaps they are more interested in the subject and thus it comes easier to them. Perhaps they dont find it "pointless", as you seem to.
Symptoms of withdrawal last about a year for most people, but up to two years for very heavy drinkers that drank over a long period of time (years to decades). Alcohol is a potent central nervous system depressant drug. Alcoholics Anonymous is a fellowship of people in recovery that can provide fellowship and a 12-step program for new living. AA has a higher succes rate for prolonged abstinance than any other form of treatment available.
Big congratulations at staying sober for 4 months! It is one hell of an achievement but dont forget how it was (so as not to go back there!) Anger and confusion can pose a big risk of relapse. I would say "Cheer Up!" but of course you need the tools to do this. Speak to a doctor about being referred to a specialist in this area. Its a brave thing to ask for help and get some counselling and advice. Also, there are groups such as AA and SMART which I would advise you look into. It always helps to be able to talk to people who have the same problem. Research them and whatever other groups you may have in your area, try them out and talk to the people there! Find what works for you. If you can stay off the poison for 4 months then you can do it forever, but its easier with support. Good luck! EDIT- As advised above, a residential treatment facility would be a very good idea and may change your life. Big problems need big solutions. Go for it and learn to enjoy life!
A Norco is Vicodin... So you took THREE vicodins and drank.. Since I dont know what size the pills are idk if youre endangered there but if you took three 750s, you already put your life at risk.. Well you just opened a can of worms there buddy! Not only do you risk an OD but you also may have stomach bleeding, and liver damage. If you have extreme stomach cramps, shortness of breath, or are very drowsy, goto the ER. Dont abuse drugs like that.. Its not worth dying.
I would recommend you just deal with it without taking any prescription drugs, and I would add that you should take on an organic vegetarian diet for at least a week. (detox) I have been drinking/smoking for about 2 years now (im 25), however I drink a couple glasses of wine, and maybe a few smokes... perhaps 2 a day.. maybe 3. But I can go a week or 2 without any of the 2 and be ok with no withdrawal symptoms. The only time I got symptoms was when i smoked meth for about a year. Depression/Crying/Weight Gain/ Feeling worthless/Suicidal tendencies/I hate life. And still have some of those symptoms. Been clean of the tweeking for about 6 months... But I just had to deal with it..... You will feel better in a couple of months of not taking the stuff... driking/smoking... But if you feel you cant... moderation is key my friend... Its a ***** but you can do it....
Boss_lady, There are several diseases, some fatal, which you can get from drinking too much alcohol, both short-term and long-term. I have seen young men chug-a-lug (rapidly drink) a whole pint of bourbon) and die in a couple of hours from acute ethanol (alcohol) intoxication as their brains breathing center stops working. In others, strong alcohol irritates the stomach lining and causes the person to vomit (acute alcoholic gastritis) and retch as the vomit goes back up into the mouth and then down again into the trachea to cause severe chemical pneumonia and death. Or, the strong alcohol can severely burn the surface of the stomach and cause acute gastric hemorrhage of the stomach surface with massive bleeding and possible death. Chronic alcoholic or binge drinkers may be found dead along the beach or elsewhere with the only disease being acute fatty change of the liver where individual liver cells are packed with fat deposits. Chronic alcoholics can continually damage their liver and cause increasing scars which leads to fibrosis and then cirrhosis which next causes the veins in the esophagus to balloon out, become thin-walled (esophageal varices), and then suddenly rupture as the rapidly dying person loses most of their body blood coming out of their mouth. Its a messy scene. Then, in some people, if they live, alcohol abuse may lead to experimenting with use of other hard drugs, sexually-transmitted disease while under the influence, date rape, inability to hold a job, and total family destruction.
No, because wasting a good drink is alchohol abuse.
There are lots of references with alcohol in this one video. Oh and they reference parents twice too.
none
It varies quite a bit from one person to another since many factors come into play as to how long it would take. Some factors include how much you drink, how often you drink, what and when you drink, genetic factors, how well your body handles alcohol, any underlying medical conditions that can contribute to the problem, etc. The experts give an estimate of 10+ years of heavy drinking can cause cirrhosis (scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver) of the liver to form. It may only take 10 years for one person while it might take decades for someone else before they start experiencing symptoms of serious liver failure from alcohol abuse. I might add that alcohol abuse is only one of many reasons for developing cirrhosis of the liver. Its a very slow progressive disease that takes a very long time to destroy the liver.
none
Don   t take responsibility for your parent   s addiction. Your parent   and your parent alone   is responsible for his addiction.    Each one will carry his own load,    says Galatians 6:5. It   s not your job, then, to cure your parent, nor are you obliged to shield him from the consequences of his addiction. For example, you don   t have to lie for him to his boss or drag him off the front porch when he   s fallen into a drunken stupor there. Encourage your parent to get help. Your parent   s biggest problem may be admitting that he has a problem. When he   s sober and calm, perhaps the nonaddicted parent along with the older siblings can tell him how his behavior is affecting the family and what he needs to do about it. In addition, your addicted parent might do well to write down the answers to the following questions: What will happen to me and my family if I keep drinking or taking drugs? What will happen if I give up my habit? What must I do to get help? If trouble is brewing, leave the scene.    Before the quarrel has burst forth, take your leave,    says Proverbs 1
maybe, whats important though isnt the label, but the behavior and whether or not it bothers you or interferes with your daily functions. If the behavior is alarming to you than weed yourself off it with diet, non-caffinated soda or something. Dont substitute something caffeinated for alcohol because alcohol is a depressant and your body has probably learned to compensate for that by up-regulating cellular stimulants. That is actually the most dangerous part of detoxification for alcoholics. So to sum it up, if you are going to weed yourself off alcohol, absolutely no caffeine.
Id be relieved. I really dont want to be involved with a drunk or drug addict, assuming I was single, which Im not. Addicts of any kind will find that their addictions are more important than anything else. This includes gamblers, by the way, even though theres no substance. If you want to kill off your brain cells, go right ahead. Theres plenty of other men who like using their brains.
Yeah you do enable him.he knows he can pop back in the other people get tired of his ways. Its like he plays musical chairs and he plays people because he says what they want to hear but he does what he wants to do. He says he loves you but his actions belie his words. He only cares about himself. Next time he comes around tell him no. You cant because in a way you are as addicted to him as he is to drugs. Let go of him, show him your courage. I wish you luck
none
There is no such thing as a small liver problem when it comes to alcohol abuse. No alcohol is OK if a person is drinking enough to cause even the slightest liver problem. Those little problems just lead to bigger problems because when a person drinks enough to cause an enlarged liver or having just a small amount of damage, that person is usually an alcoholic since it takes quite a lot of regular drinking to cause any harm at all to the liver. So to answer your question, no amount is OK if there if a liver problem at all. Alcohol just causes more harm to the liver since its poison as far as the liver is concerned.
I suggest you consult a therapist, so they can help you how to deal with your alcoholism. You are already addicted to alcohol and you are finding hard to control it. I also read an article about a teenage girl who cant stop drinking alcohol and had her stomach pumped for three times. Doctor also warned her that if she dont stop, she need to undergo a liver transplant. Hope it will serve as an eye opener for you, that you need to find a way to stop this addiction. Acknowledge and accept that you need professional help, so you can handle and manage your addiction.
Why you can not use the online questions. It is very easy to do so. Ensure that you have answered a lot of questions.
yes all homeless people have been injected with bath salts by the government and and caution should be used when walking by them for they may nibble on your leg.
Moderate alcohol consumption was suggested to be good for health than being away totally from alcohol or addicted to alcohol. More information you got here: http://www.knowswhy.com/why-is-weed-ille   
clonidine does not get you high. So the net effect if that you just get drunk like usual. Clonidine is for high blood pressure and prostate enlargement. Heroin addicts in recovery/detox are often on this medication also. But clonidine does not make you high. You may be thinking of klonopin (clonazepam), which people abuse to get high. Mix THAT with alcohol and results can be bad/disastrous if too much of either or both. But the dose you mention would suggest you have clonidine. Oh yeah, and taking clonidine may drop you blood pressure dangerously low if you only have a normal blood pressure to begin with, so then theres that problem too.
It would take smoking 1,500 pounds of weed in a span of a few hours to overdose and die from it. Alcohol damages your liver, causing a disease called "cirrhosis": a scarring of your liver. About 25% of people who use heroin once end up addicted to it. The chemicals in marijuana can stop the growth of cancer cells and even actively kill them. Smoking weed can be used to cure asthma, a condition commonly aggravated by the inhalation of smoke! This is because marijuana smoke is a bronchodilator, opening up passages in your lungs as you inhale it instead of closing them like most kinds of smoke do. Thats all I have: good luck with your assignment! Addition: Its estimated that each pack of cigarettes you smoke takes 4 hours from your life
Alyssa, you should definitely tell your mother about this. This is a dangerous situation for you, as well as psychological abuse. The first symptom of alcoholism is denial:    I only drink beer   ,    I only drink on weekends   ,    I can still handle my job   , "I never drink during the day, only at night.". The excuses go on and on. Alcoholics restructure reality so that they believe they don   t have a problem. they believe everyone else around them has the problem. You need to understand what your father is feeling. The urge to drink is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming, persistent, and ceaseless urge. Alcohol acts as a tranquilizer, an antidepressant, or as a pacifier depending on the individual. The alcohol meets some sort of need for your father. At this point, you need to take care of yourself. Join AL-ANON or Ala-teen. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. Best of luck, Sean Roberts .
Alcohol was already banned before, and it didnt work. Banning gun will not work either. Gun laws have been proven ineffective. We need a better culture.
Hi Tim, You are right when you suggest that this man may not be an alcoholic. Alcoholics tend to drink progressively more as they go on in life, rather than sticking at the same number of drinks throughout their drinking. An alcoholic is someone who simply can not control or limit their intake of alcohol, which is why they end up drinking progressively more and suffering from the consequences of it. You can not make yourself an alcoholic either just by drinking a lot or for a long time. People who are alcoholics are addicted to alcohol. This is because alcoholism is caused by having a hereditary predisposition, whch is then triggered by a traumatic life event usually. Alcoholics also show addictive tendencies, such as stockpiling booze, panicking if they run out, sneaking extra drinks. However, just because he isnt an alcoholic, this doesnt mean that he isnt doing damage to his health and his mood. Some people can drink all their lives and always be a mellow sort of drinker, but alcohol is a depressant and so it does effect the persons overall mood when they drink a lot. Even non-alcoholics can get the shakes if they drink for an extended period of time and then stop, but they are unlikely to experience anything more severe than that and being a bit moody. Outbursts of temper are more likely to be linked to someone who is drinking to blackout levels - ie. they dont know what theyre doing and can barely remember it afterwards. This is more common in people who are alcoholics, although other drinkers may experience this on occasions. Here is a link to a video I made about the Signs of Alcoholism http://youtu.be/LAe0klDLA3k There are three short vids. I hope this helps.
stop drinking alchomahol stoopid! if you want to get drunk but not be an alcoholic just fill a shot glass with vodka and give yourself an ethanolic eye bath! it also works if you snort alcohol too! wow! i bet you never knew how to get drunk without being an alcoholic.0
Rehabilitation would be nice. But if you find that personally degrading, you can opt for group counseling seeing how this habit has affected your life. You should try do things that will distract you from drinking. Also, I advise you to set goals for yourself and start working on them. When withdrawing, take it slow. Gradually decrease alcohol intake until you can stop without experiencing withdrawal symptoms. These are best done with the support of friends and family. Please do try. I wish you all the best. Alcohol is a Central Nervous System Stimulant. It affects and cause harm to several vital organs of our body including the brain and liver. It is proven that people who have had alcohol tend to get alzheimers and dementia. Alcohol Abuse and Diabetes Mellitus are linked in several ways. So its best to stop as early as now. Good Luck and Happy Holidays
Of course its hard. You love her. But for your own sanity, you should walk away. Join Al Anon, the organisation that supports family members and friends of addicts. They will help you make up your mind about her. And another thing - watch out that you dont protect her from the consequences of her own behaviour. People with alcohol issues need to get kickback from the shite they put out to push them into rock bottom, that dark and lonely place. Its only when they get there that they realise what they are doing to themselves, and realise they need help.
you have to talk to a doctor about alcohol abuse, but your not an alcoholic? Yes you will fine. Just dont be showing up at MEPS drunk..
Sweetheart -I think you already know the answer to that. Go outside the home and find help thats available to you, thats the only way You will not find answers to your problems inside your home or with your moms friends, ex friends whatever Sorry to have to trell you that, wish it were not so
Right you are! Crack cocaine does no harm at all. Likewise heroin, opium, morphine, meth, ice, and God knows, no one has ever gone blind or died from moonshine! Well thought out argument, my compliments!
Since Alcohol is legal they would never have to do that. As for drug testing they should have to be tested and since they are elected officials they should not be able to use the privacy argument. Police, states attorneys and judges should as well but even more they should have to submit to a polygraph test at least every few years and be asked if they have lied in court, taken illegal drugs, accepted money for favors, broken any laws. I know when you apply to be a State police in MD you take a polygraph test so that should be part of your on going requirement and should not be able to be able to argue privacy. Its not about money, but I am sure none of them would agree because most are corrupt.
I have never seen anyone demand alcohol. Some people enjoy the effects of alcohol and some people are addicted to alcohol. Where or how have you seen it demanded?
Money, if the people with lots of money wanted to legalize drugs they would. At one time most illegal drugs were legal and easily purchased, and cheap. Today the war on drugs is too big to ever go away or to win the war.
She can only say nd except for herself tht she needs help if you find her constantly making excuses for everything in life but her life is not getting better maybe u should tell her how she is acting and talkin she can only help herself noone can help someone who can except they have a problem if they want to change they will for themselves becuase thts the best way to help themselves all you can do is show her the truth about how she is acting and pray she sees the light
First it starts with 200ml, then you will be drinking swimming pools. For real? 200 ml? No. You drink like a litre of alcohol every five months, thats the furthest from being drunk.
Well given she has a lot of previous issues, then Id say she is a top candidate for being an alcoholic as they do try and drink their pain away. I dont know that there is much you can do until she wants help herself. Does she have parents or relatives you can speak to? I guess you can try and get her to open up to you and make her see that she should seek help.
none
Taxation laws. They are a Department of the US Treasury, which handles tax issues, like the IRS. However, they are an enforcement branch, compared to the mostly auditing branch, the IRS. Since they were/are subject to abuse, like alcohol and tobacco, they are grouped in this Agencys responsibility. Often, where you find illegal booze or smokes, you find weapons. Of course, this also applies to drugs, but since they are illegal, and not subject to a tax, then it goes to the DEA. If Im not mistaken, they are not with the Treasury department. But then, knowing that most government types are illogical, it would make since that they are all flame related.
Hey mate, the good thing about livers is that they can heal themselves back to normal really well. They are one of the best organs in terms of self healing. Sadly though, once you reach past a certain amount of Liver Abuse, you cannot return, but you will receive a lot of bad symptoms if that is the case. If you go to see your doctor, he will tell you the current state of your liver, and by the amount you drink, he will most likely tell you to stop drinking completely. Im sorry if it sounds a bit forward, but I would recommend just not to drink at all. My mother was an alcoholic (She died 2 years ago due to it), and we could never get her off the stuff. There were times in which we thought she was cured, but she always had the attitude of "Ill just have 1-2 drinks" but it always ended up with her going back to drunken states where she wouldnt get out of bed. Im not trying to be self righteous, but I have to say that living a life style like that looked really sad to me. The effect in which drinking my mum did on others was huge, she didnt think it effected anybody, but I would cry myself to sleep some nights knowing that she would probably die from her ailment. The rest of my family was the same. The sad thing is, people who drink are just normal people, in fact, when my mum didnt drink she was one of the best people I knew. I used to tell myself that her drinking was some self absorbed thing, but now I actually believe that people who drink do suffer from an ailment, whether that is depression or something else. All I can urge you to do mate is stop it as early as you can, if you ever need a friend or someone to talk to and remain anonymous, then feel free to email me at jaysonmillard7@gmail.com. Its hit me close to home before, and it absolutely sucks, but you need to know that there is so much more to life than drinking, even if you currently feel absolutely terrible and feel like you cant get yourself out of your cycle. You just need to man through it. You know what mate, if my mum stopped drinking and would of returned to her normal self, I dont think I could of asked for anything better in the world. If your parents ever see that you have completely sober upped, they would be blissfully happy.
"Ban" is too strong a word. The Navy is taking steps to make alcohol abuse happen less and less, and not make it an issue in the fleet. But were not banning it. Yet.
id support taxing the alcohol industry for their treatment. its a predictable consequence of the legal sale of their product. id also support taxing the alcohol industry to compensate all the innocent victims of drunk drivers. The innocent shouldnt have to pay, nor should their auto insurance or their health insurance. the drunks and the alcohol industry should pay. now, if this tax causes the price of alcohol to soar -- i really dont care. BUT, the drunk who gets smashed up in an auto wreck that he caused, in my book, should either pay his own hospital bills or not be treated. the general public is NOT to be taxed for foolish acts and their consequences done by fools.
Alcohol does brain damage too. Didnt you ever see a picture of the brain from an alcoholic who died of liver failure from alcohol abuse? I think you should check it out and you wouldnt be so anxious to bypass the liver and send it to the brain. When the liver takes in too much alcohol for it to handle, thats when it starts affecting the brain and you get drunk. Damage occurs to both organs with long term alcohol abuse. Its hard to make poison harmless to your body. It would solve a lot of problems if we could. Too much poison such as alcohol can destroy vital organs. Alcohol is a toxin to the body. Im sure any scientist or medical research doctor would be able to explain it to you. Im neither. If it was that easy, Im sure it would have been done long ago. People have been trying to come up with ways to protect the liver forever.
it mesns that the mother was either addicted to drugs or alcohol before the child was bornusually a doctor can determine this right after the baby is born
firstly, alchahol is a drug. so technically you would still be a junkie, however the term Alchoholic is sued to describe the addiction to it. but even if its drinking becuase of withdrawls you have replaced one thing with another, so it would still be an addiction. i went from drug addict to alchoholic. i replaced drugs with grog. so yes its very probable to the point were i would say yes, you are an alchoholic.
Alcohol abuse is a frequent contributor to elevated blood pressure and may be the most common cause of secondary hypertension. The mechanism of this association is unknown. In most cases, the blood pressure elevations are reversible and return to normal upon discontinuation of alcohol use. Even though transitory, such hypertension cannot be considered benign, or inconsequential, since it may be contributory to the increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease observed in problem drinkers. Good luck!
Xanax is not ideal for alcohol withdrawal, and it would be good to get a physicians opinion. Basically (and I gather you are aware of this) an inpatient detox consists of monitoring your vital signs and adjusting doses of a benzodiazepine to keep things in check. Go sparingly on the Xanax. Some discomfort is part of the process, and Xanax withdrawal is no picnic either. If your vitals escalate get to the hospital.
1) I would wait maybe two or more years man. Start experimenting then. I didnt get drunk or high till late sixteen, that was about five years ago. 2) about 10$ per g. 40-50 per q. Its also dependent on where you live too. 3) Zigzag, Rizlas, any paper made from hemp,or Bible pages apparently. My friend once smoked out of a ten year old bra receipt. 4) No man, you will get addicted to tobacco that way, plus it takes away the flavor of the dope. 5) Yes, I did. It depends man, its like the voice in your head is imagined and goes away when you smoke- no it doesnt mean that you will pursue a life of crime and heroin. Your eyes feel a little bit more heavy, your stomach begins to growl, your senses become intensified, to a certain extent, and sometimes you can feel isolate the feelings on certain parts of your body, like your stomach, heart,etc. I smoked for three solid years and guess what, it was some of the best years of my life. I learned the meaning of friendship with new people who were solid bros, discovered my individual interests in music, life, and cycling, smoked at some places with beautiful scenery, and learned how not to be stressed in life. Alcohol on the other hand taught me that you can talk to a girl at a bar for thirty minutes and not know her name, you can curb stomp yourself if you drank enough, puking five times is possible, bicycles wont survive being thrown off bridges and that spins do not only happen when youre drunk, it can also happen after. I am skeptical of these people who say that weed degenerates the individual mind and body, I believe that it liberated mine. Keep in mind, they do not cite actual studies, nor do I believe they actually appreciated their experience, if they had any. A sound judgement is not made out of a mindset of revenge, spite, or ignorance. It is up to you to prove these people wrong by researching it before you experience it, my friends and I did it, you can to.
Too many. If one child is hurt by the fairy tales of religion, then that is one too many.
YES! If you wanted to be treated correctly and safely. It is not your drs job to judge you and they shouldnt. You need help not condemnation. I work with drs and I found they treat people sympathetically on the whole as long as they are honest with themselves and the people they ask for help with. Go to your GP first and they should refer you on. The GP is your gateway. I hope everything goes well with you xx
This sounds exactly like alcohol, if it was heroin then it wouldnt have those physical effects. (Ive been both an alcoholic and a heroin addict so I know that Im right to say that alcohol is the one which ruins your health and twists your mind). You say that she says she drinks because life is so awful, I used to do the same. It took years for me to realise that life seemed awful because I drank, rather than me drinking because life itself was at fault. Long term drinking causes depression and therefore makes life seem awful, drinking gives temporary relief but then the depression returns worse than before. As they say, what goes up has to come down, this is very true of alcohol. If she manages to stop drinking then after a while her depression will either be much less or disappear altogether, making her happier and therefore feeling that she doesnt need to hide behind the drink. She would also become much more healthy, something else which would cheer her up. Alcohol is the cause of her depression, its not curing it but is in fact creating it and making it worse. Of course though its difficult to see this when youre in that situation. Also, the health warnings that we get about alcohol always emphasise the physical risks, they never mention that its a strong depressant which can induce suicidal tendencies if abused in the long term. If it was heroin that she was on then she would be much more functional, not only that but heroin use tends to make drinking alcohol feel repulsive and unneccesary. When I started on the heroin that was the end of my drinking. It might not be the normal thing to do but I deliberately started on it because I knew how it changed my feelings about alcohol, nothing else was ever going to break through my alcoholism so I concluded it was better to be an alive junkie than a dead alcoholic. Of course though getting off heroin was a battle too but now Im free of addiction to either and lead a normal life. Alls well that ends well I suppose. Im not advocating that she does the same, this is just how I approached the situation. It would also be a bad idea for her to get into that if she still has her ex addict boyfriend because hed soon end up back on it too.
Im sorry your going through this. Its normal for young people to party in college. But Im with you,I dont like the drugs. You can go to whom is in charge of the dorms and report whats going on and request to be moved. maybe they can take care of the problem. I wish you best of luck.
Its haram because it intoxicates you. Did you know Pure Vanilla extract is haram because it has some alcohol in it. If you abuse it you can get<SEMCOL> Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome ,Osteoporosis, Hypertension, Pancreatitis,Cirrhosis. It will only lead you to do more sins.
Just two glasses? Its nothing. Its New Years eve. Drink it up, but be responsible.
Drinking to "take the pain away" is, in fact, alcoholism. Alcoholism has many faces. Try talking to a mental health professional and seeing if you can work on a road to recovery.
An alcoholic is someone who relies on alcohol not because of physical needs but emotional ones. Most alcoholics suffer from depression or a similar disability that turned them to drink in the first place. I was an alcoholic for almost a year and didnt know I was until my friends had an intervention (I honestly thought theyd watched too much How I met your mother) and I realized I was relying on the alcohol to fix the emotional problems I was having at the time. Because I always felt better after a drink, I did become physically reliant on it eventually and became very ill when I stopped. Hope this answered your question, sorry i went off on one ^-^
Answer the questions yourself. You want to be a driver, you can start by not being lazy and actually studying or looking for the answers yourself.
Youre going through withdrawal. Anxiety is a big part. The drugs alone didnt help but coupled the alcohol pushed you over. drink fluids and eat. I know thats the last thing you want to do right now, but once you do and youre able to keep it down, you will feel a little bit better. Bit by bit. It usually takes about 5 days to start feeling normal. If you cant bear it go to the ER, tell them the truth and ask for something to make it easie. This is usually valium, Xanax, etc....BUT.....BEWARE! These drugs can help you get through withdrawal however, They can be Habit forming especially if abused. Withdrawal from alcohol and drugs is bad, withdrawal from pills is hell on earth.
For starters, marijuana does not make people lazy, it makes them slow, and when people slow down they begin to think more clearly. This is the reason that many great people smoked over the course of history( Ben Franklin, queen cleopatra, and a long line of British rulers if Im correct). However, the effects seen as negative are the slowing of the body, because it slows your reaction time( this is why you can get a DUI for being high) and slows your actual body movements for the most part, which is why people act strange when high, because their body is working slower than their brains, and if they smoke too much, their brain will pretty much stop functioning and letting their body go on auto pilot. This is not bad usually until its mixxed with alcohol, or already stupid people. Those are the first few reasons why the government dislikes marijuana. The reason why they set it seperate from alcohol( which can be worse than cigarettes depending on the amount of each, but alcohol has stronger effects so is monitored more strictly) is because in most cases where it has been in history, their has been rebellion. A great example would be most of the 60s until the present time. The governments see a link between rebellion and marijuana, and they also see a connection between rebellion, crime, and lack of civil order. They feel the use of it will harm their ability to lead, and to serve us. They would get billions in taxes from it if they legalized it, but they dont think its worth the lack of stability.
1. Marijauna 2. Increased concentration 3. The complete and continual dependence on a drug 4. The common cold 5. Demerol 6. Breast tissue development 7. Pain control 8. Excite the central nervous system 9. Marijauna 10. Cause depression Hope this helps :)
1. Lung disease 2. All of the above 3. Tar 4. Irritability and depression 5. Experimenting 6. Stand by your values and make healthy decisions 7. Parent or other trusted adult 8. Well being 9. Serotonin (I think) 10. An addicted friend
You got to br dreaming. Do you actually think that the teachers union is going to let that happened?
none
Yes thats a stong indicator that he is very likely to be an alcoholic... If you drink that much your bound to get addicted to alcohol eventually and If hes drunk every other day then that should give it away.The affects can be dangerous and unhealthly so he should try to lay it off before it becomes a serious problem...
it means that you will have to learn when is enough
http://www.leaderu.com/orgs/probe/docs/teendrug.html good site about it
Well first I would say you are asking in forum about alcohol why someone dislikes it. It would be like looking for an atheist in church. Second I can tell you that the addiction to alcohol is a medical disease and needs to be diagnosed by a physician. And lastly I can tell you that if you really wanted to know the mechanism look up GABA and how alcohol interacts with the GABA receptors in your brain. For most people it takes prolonged (as in years) use, pretty much continuously. Then there are people who it only takes a short while (actually less then 10% of the population). There are many studies of it, especially in the effects to children of alcoholics.
Tough call, my familys been dealing with the same thing for years. When it got to the point of abuse we started dropping hints but hes never quit the habit. Everyone has a vice, at least he isnt being abusive or driving drunk. If works been stressful and theres already tension in the family i would leave it be unless its really affecting your life. If thats the case some thing we always did was joke about joining him. That got him mad since were underaged and usually made him cool down for a bit. Good luck, something like this is very difficult and complicated, best to tread lightly.
This is a rant, not a health question. I dont disagree particularly with what you said, but this is not the right place for it.
The experts give an estimate of 10+ years of heavy drinking can possibly cause cirrhosis of the liver to form, but that varies quite a bit from one person to another. I have seen it take less than 10 years all the way to people being alcoholics for decades before liver failure shows up. Everyone is different in their time frame on this. Cirrhosis occurs when healthy tissue in the liver is replaced with scar tissue which is caused by constant inflammation of the liver over many years. Prior to it being cirrhosis, there are stages of fibrosis it goes through. Its not permanent scar tissue yet and if the alcoholic stops drinking in the fibrosis stage, the liver will heal itself and be fine. But once it reaches cirrhosis, that is permanent damage that never goes away and never gets better. There is no cure for cirrhosis other than a liver transplant even though everyone with cirrhosis will not need a transplant. If the person stops drinking in the early stage of cirrhosis, they should get along just fine in life even with a semi damaged liver since the liver is an amazing organ in that it can still function pretty well as long as there is not severe damage. So that means that even if an alcoholic has cirrhosis, they still could save their life if they stop drinking as long as the damage is not too far advanced. Once it gets to a certain point of damage, there is no stopping it from progressing to total liver failure and a transplant would be the only thing to save their life then. Your mom needs to go to a doctor and get some liver function blood work done to see if she is damaging her liver with her drinking. You probably feel pretty helpless because most alcoholics will not listen to their loved ones when they are addicted. Its very hard and all the talking in the world wont convince some of them to stop. Maybe you can get other family and friends involved in doing an intervention together on her to show her how much she is hurting her family and herself and how alcohol now controls her life. If you have a father, that could provide a very strong force in getting her to stop especially if he is buying all her alcohol and enables her to drink. All enabling must stop as a first step.
If you are talking about alcohol poisoning, a person can die from respiratory failure due to the depressive effects to the central nervous system. The person will simply stop breathing and die if they drink enough to kill themselves and cause respiratory failure. No one "catches" alcohol poisoning. When someone at one of your parties ever passes out, they are in danger of having alcohol poisoning and dying. If they dont respond, they should immediately be taken to the ER. Another way death can occur from alcohol is someone being very very drunk and maybe even passed out and they vomit which being too drunk can cause a person to vomit. How many times have we seen drunks getting sick and throwing up at parties? Well if this happens when a person is laying down in a drunk stupor and nearly unconscious or already passed out, they can aspirate that vomit into their lungs and die because they cannot breathe. It chokes and strangles their ability to breathe and they can die from it. A friend of our family lost their only son who attended a graduation party and passed out in his car. They found him dead in the morning from vomit filled lungs. The long and hard way to die from alcohol is from long term alcohol abuse over a period of many many years and even decades of heavy drinking. This is called cirrhosis of the liver in which scar tissue eventually replaces healthy tissue in the liver which can lead to total liver failure and death. There is no cure for it other than a liver transplant.
it becomes a habit. they simply do it out of depression for the most part other times people simply are just stupid and dont know how to have a good time without getting drunk. i dont drink a lot however i do drink time to time and i dont see how people can get addicted to it. i know my dad is an alcoholic mainly because its a habit for him also because he is depressed for what reason idk.. too much stress id assume. drink alcohol leisurely is okay at best. getting drunk off youre @ss now that just goes to show theirs something wrong with you. you DONT need to drink that much to have a good time like i said.
In terms of mental, Possibly the pressure and fast paced lifestyle that can incorporate alot of stress.
Self medicating with any drug is abuse, no ifs ands or buts. That is a problem. You dont want to be like your mom? Dont copy her addictions. She should seek help, and you should support her in that endeavor.
If you really are the one taking care of the kids and providing the essentials in their life then you are not wrong. The only thing I can ask you to consider is asking him the question why he drinks. Have you ever found that out? Does he know why he drinks so much? You and your children should not be abused but if you ever want him to be a father to them (which the kids will want) then he really needs to figure out the real problem. Kids are a product of their environment. They need to see parents going to work, doing positive and productive things with their time. If he doesnt show them how to provide for a family you cant expect your kids to learn that. So I agree that leaving is a good option. It sounds like your family is supportive and will provide and healthy and nurturing environment. That is probably why your husband doesnt like them.
Because your liver (and other parts of your body) can only handle so much abuse. Im surprised you dont know alcohol is a depressant. Please talk with your doctor.
Not necessarily. If you are under the impression that drinking alcohol will enhance your life, you need to understand the effects of alcohol on the mind, body & spirit. You also need to understand, within yourself & w/ help from others, what a successful person is. There are many successful people who are able to drink successfully- that is, they are satisfied w/ what they have consumed, AND that it doesnt cause them to behave in a self defeating manner. Usually 1-2 drinks is the norm. And that their drinking does NOT become habitual. It sounds as if you have never drank alcohol before. If so, its no big deal. However if you are so curious as to discover what it is like, I would caution you to experience it w/ a trusted friend or two who DO know how to drink successfully & can help you choose what might be preferable. Drinking is supposed to be enjoyable. Too many people abuse it. Dont fool yourself into thinking that drinking is necessary for success. It is not.
Jae, All the answers so far are correct. You should definitely stop now while you can. It always gets worse. I was an addict to several drugs for over 15 years, but my favorite drug was alcohol because it was dependable. And by that I mean, it is legal, easy to get and it is socially accepted. Also, it had a lot of disadvantages, which I learned the hard way. I went to jail for DUI and it was destroying my health. My digestion was disrupted, perhaps I was starting to get ulcers. I went to several rehabs including AA meetings but nothing seem to help until I found Narconon. I have been clean and sober for over 15 years now. I like to help others the same way I was helped and this is why I volunteer at Narconon. I know exactly what you are saying, drinking disrupts more than the sleep, it disrupts all the organs and the stomach starts to corrode and bleed through the ulcers, etc. The lack of real nourishment will affect all the organs too. You feel weak, tired, anxious and sometimes angry for nothing. Even thinking becomes dull, etc., etc. You get the idea. Read the article on alcohol in our website. There is also many educational links there. I encourage you to quit for good and eat healthy even if in a diet. Put your mind into creative activities, plan your future and give yourself targets and work toward them. Youll be happy you did.
Yeah they are real addicts, just know your limit and dont go crazy with alcohol. One or two drinks is good but every time your drunk you have a greater risk of liver damage!
They will usually deny that anything is wrong. Only when the police or court get involved, does the subject of rehab come into play. Rehab involves a specific length of time to complete. You have to go through certain steps in their program and that takes time. Each rehab facility is often locked, meaning the person can not get out when they choose. There are times when the program will strike you mentally where it is most uncomfortable. Generally an addict will soon find out that all he had to do is to say the words others expect out of him. There are exceptions to this rehab time. Might be self-imposed, then it means he gets out when he wants. If it is court-ordered, then there are no choices, you do what the court orders. A Hollywood star most often has a large financial interest in getting off their addiction. Their career. They dont want to go back to real poverty and a job.
Its an over simplification to say it simply damages the brain more so than an adults. What the real problem is, is that it retards the growth and development and hinders the plasticity of the young brain. This basically means that by 26 (when our brains finally stop developing) that a teenager that abused alcohol will have an underdeveloped brain and reduced learning capacity, as well as reduced knowledge from the time drinking. Now, by how much completely depends on the person, the gender (males can handle alcohol about 30% better than females,) their weight, metabolism, their health besides, their diet, their genetics, etc. As far as at what point, the general consensus seems to be anything past one shot a day (or one beer) can begin to hinder/hurt a teenagers growth/brain development. Now of course for some, it may be a very very low percentage in overall reduction of quality. Like I said, it depends a ton on each individual...for some, especially an anemic, 90 lb female... half a beer might be enough to hinder her development in some way.
Yes. Definitely The lower extremities become swollen because your retaining fluid. Which means your liver is not functioning properly. But dont worry your liver will heal itself. But you have to stop drinking completely. It may take 6 months, but the swelling will go down. Please please go to the Dr. Its not as serious as you might think you get it taken care of. I went through it for years. I stopped. Im better. :)
First, let me say, everything within me as a woman and a mother agrees with the drive to want to protect the unborn. I am against the practices of smoking and drinking while pregnant and I absolutely believe pregnant women should not do it. I believe if a woman makes a choice to incubate and carry a child to term, she has every moral responsibility to do what she can to take care of it and insure it is born healthy. To ignore this responsibility in the interest of personal gratification is selfish and wrong. HOWEVER, people that would say yes to this question are not looking at the big picture. If we start criminalizing activities that would be otherwise legal for a woman, just because shes pregnant, then EVERYTHING that someone could deem potentially harmful to the unborn is fair game. Its a slippery slope that has potential to be bad for all women. We start with alcohol and tobacco, whats next, certain foods, certain diets? Caffeine? Thats not good for the baby. Maybe we shouldnt allow pregnant women to have coffee, tea, sodas, or chocolate. Lets see, certain types of aged cheese are thought to be unhealthy, no bleu cheese dressing for you, mommies to be. Then what? Certain types of fish, tuna from a can? No, mercury levels are too high.. Then what, working out at the gym? Oh no, she could over do it, not safe for the baby. Sitting in a hot tub, even for a short time? No, too much danger of overheating. How about sun bathing? No, too much UV rays can cause folic acid deficiency. Prescription meds, all those side effects? No, even if she needs it we cant take the risk, however small, to the baby. Working? Maybe every pregnant woman should have to quit her job and stay home in bed, its too risky for her to be on her feet all day, especially if she does any kind of manual labor. Cleaning a cat box? No, maybe every pregnant woman who owns a cat should have to get rid of it because of the risk of toxoplasmosis. Whats next? Driving? She could get into an accident. Why not forbid all activities that could be harmful to the baby and make sure every pregnant woman is closely monitored by the state? And where would it end, but with women as child bearing receptacles with no rights to privacy and no right of control over their own bodies? To make it illegal for pregnant women to do things that they otherwise could if not pregnant, would be to say that pregnant women have fewer rights than everyone else. Women are not brood mares who only exist to be incubators, they do not forfeit their human rights to freedom and bodily autonomy just because they elect to produce a new life. However much some people feel it should be that way on a moral level, the law says otherwise. To legally restrict women from things just because theyre pregnant, is a constitutional violation of their civil rights. Sad and unfair as some feel it is, the unborn do not, in the eyes of the law, attain full rights of personhood until they are born, and the rights of the ones who incubate them cannot be restricted in the interest of protecting them, except under very special circumstances as determined by a court.
Xanax lasts for a short period of time, and when it wears off WHAMMO it all comes hammering back in worse than ever. Probably not a good choice. Is your need constant, or does it come and go? Is it there most of the day, or does it just pop up from time to time? The more constant it is, the longer lasting the benzo you take needs to be, like klonopin or even valium. If it is just every now and then, ativan or xanax would do the job. Be VERY careful - benzos are extremely addictive and you are in very real danger of ending up addicted to them. Withdrawals from benzos are worse then alcohol withdrawals, and if you end up addicted to benzos and start drinking again, you can OD and die real fast.
While the legal age to consume alcohol on your own accord is 21, it is actually legal to consume it on private property if your parents are present and have permitted you to drink it. The best thing you can do is ask your parents. If they feel you are mature enough, then it would be fine. If not...well, 3 years isnt that long and you wont miss out on anything, I promise.
Most of my neighbours drink and party...whats the difference? Personally I think all drugs should be decriminalised, but hard drugs only available free on prescription in special clinics. This would remove the glamour from taking drugs and even better remove the criminals from supplying them and remove the associated crime perpetuated by addicts in order to feed their cravings, 80% of crime is drug related...immagine how better off we would all be and how we could use the freed up resources and money for the benefit of all!
Im sorry, I just dont think this is safe at all. People can die from alcohol withdrawal, which can cause seizures, coma, cessation of breathing, tachycardia. Mild symptoms are also very bad, and can include dry mouth, sweating, tremors. It takes a while after stopping the alcohol before the symptoms appear, which sometimes lulls the alcoholic into a false sense of security, increasing the risk of problems. People who detox in our hospital do so under a doctors supervision and with constant (every 2 hour) checks on their vital signs, including blood pressure. Thats hard to do on your own. We dose with Ativan every 2 hours, with the dosage dependent on symptoms and vital signs and the persons medical history. Some people need more medical help even than that. We do not use Xanax at all. Again. I cannot stress enough the dangers of trying this on your own.
Firstly, bhang(opium) is believed to be a prashad of bholenath (youd know if youre a hindu)- a total false belief erupted from the minds of drug addicts. Secondly, small amounts of alcohol are portrayed as a great cold killing agent whereas scientifically, even a small amount of alcohol can be harmful to your neural system. Thirdly, there is no ban on ads of pan masalas which are to my surprise, shown tobacco free! And somehow we believe them... Hope youve got your answer:)
Im so sorry that you have to go through this, Roxanna. My heart goes out to you. You need to understand what your father feels. His urge to drink is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming, persistent, and ceaseless urge. Alcohol acts as a tranquilizer, an antidepressant, or as a pacifier depending on the individual. Scientists are discovering that genetic factors interact with environmental factors to induce alcoholism. However, they still don   t understand all the plethora of genetic factors. Scientists discovered that alcohol affects the pleasure centers in the brain differently than it does people who are not alcoholics. Roxanna, its not unusual for people in the entertainment industry to become addicted to alcohol or drugs. Its all around them all the time. At this point, you need to take care of yourself. Join AL-ANON or Ala-teen. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. Best of luck, Sean Roberts
Although AA maintains their "we are the one true way" approach to life (which is fine if it works for someone), I found alternative results (4 years sober) from secular recoveries, such as Smart Recovery http://www.smartrecovery.org/ or, one that Im not so familiar with, SOS: http://www.sossobriety.org/
Its supposed to run in the family and my family is full of it, so maybe I am. I never worked at learning to like alcohol and kind of despise the stuff living with two alcoholic parents. See a gin bottle and all I want to do is smash it and curse at it. But if I partied and did it and fought the panic I feel when the light headed part first comes from drinking and got into the drunken part, maybe Id be addicted to it and be one, I dont know. Im happy just wanting to kill it if I see any around. I dont want to get like my parents, grandmother, great grandfather, aunt and uncle, into that crap.
none
Vanessa, Without a shade of a doubt I say: Do the Narconon program! It is the best and only one with the highest rate of success. I could go on and on about all the drugs and alcohol I did and all of the failed rehab programs I tried and all the failed self guided attempts to quit for good, but you can go and read all this in my earlier posts. Instead Ill just give you some basic info and a link for you to continue to research and study all the great possibilities there are for you. The sky is the limit. I dont want to discourage you to try to quit on your own, without help. That is not my intention. My intention is for you to succeed no matter which way you choose. Here are some of the advantages of doing the Narconon program: 1- The Narconon program is all natural. 2- No drugs are used at all. 3- It is holistic (the whole person is taken into account). 4-It is scientific. It is based in well researched discoveries and proven by actual addicts full recoveries. 5- It has the best detox in the world. This is also proven scientifically. I had amazing results: I felt like a kid, full of energy but relaxed, clean, fresh, my skin was so soft, etc. 6- It includes a series of educational steps that prepare one to tackle and confront the world, problems, people, situations and life with confidence and certainty. One learns skills for life. 7- There is no duress, hypnotism, traditional counseling or evaluations. You wont get any labels--ADHD, ADD, etc. 8- You advance at your own pace and graduate when you demonstrate that you can do it on your own. This is very important. When I graduated I knew that I was going to succeed. No one was pushing me out the door to make more room for "new patients." Here one is a student not a patient--no extra cost. This is a non-profit organization. This is just for starters but a Im witness and proof of its effectiveness. And if I could do it anyone can do it. To top it all it was fun and I made friends for life. I met real people with the same or worse problems and addictions that I had. When I go to the yearly reunion I see them and they are still clean and sober and doing great in life. I know I am. Im a successful artist, have a family and help others that have gone through the same problems I went through. Give it a chance. You wont regret it.
Who are you here mom nobody ever died from alcohol and drugs
structural functionalism: using alchol as a means of proliferating social networks (ie happy hour) conflict: alcohol does not fit in with the expectations of society (ie not able to hold down a job, or take care of family) symbolic interactionism: using alcohol as a means of loosening up social barriers, such as in social settings persons can communicate and display themselve more openly.
There are no withdrawals. You will hear true alchoholics complain of various symptoms, but this is always an excuse as to why they want to keep drinking. For those who excessively drink every night, the resulting hangover (which can be days long) is sometimes misinterpreted as a withdrawal symptom. From what you described, I would not classify you as being addicted to alcohol. I could be wrong, but you do not match the habits of the many alcoholics that I know. It is very possible to regularly drink excessively and not be addicted to alcohol. I think you are in this category, and I think that you will find quitting easier than you think. The worst you have to fear are the mind games youll play with yourself (youre worried about wanting more, so it will be on your mind, and therefore a beer will sound good to you), and the lifestyle changes youll have to make. Youll likely find that friendships that involved regular drinking are very different when the drinking is no longer there. This is only as big a deal as you make it. You can start small--like quitting for a week. If you then decide that you can have a beer, test yourself by limiting yourself to 1 or 2 that day. I think youll find both of those are fairly easy goals to accomplish. It sounds like youve simply trained yourself to drink irresponsibly, and are stuck in your routine. Retrain yourself to drink in moderation, or if that proves difficult, dont drink at all. Extra help is always available if you need it, but I think youll handle this without much difficulty.
If you really have these problems and dont want to talk to anyone about them, why are you talking to us? Go and see your doctor right away - its his or her job to help you and there will be no charge under the NHS and your parents need not know.
no, they will just abuse something else.
You drank too much. Unless you drink daily no one can ingest a large amount of alcohol without such adverse affects. As they say, drink responsibility this means this too. When you drink any type of alcohol, once it hits your digestion it becomes a toxin/acid. Alcohol essentially spoiled rye or barley or whatever. Drinking it often does "pickle" a person. I suggest you read about the effects of drinking on the body. And by the way read about gastritis & acid reflux disease and include in that study research the interaction of alcohol with such diseases. Bye the way make an appointment with your doctor and let them explain the details of your self-abuse.
My guess, when ordered, useless. They do so to avoid going to jail, tickets etc. When someone "wants" to change, then they could have the motivation to try and change their life. Unfortunately, your mother has been with her BF for over 3 years and even though court ordered to stay away from each other, most likely wont, since she is probably in love with this loser. To top if off with alcohol and past heroin use, is a bad combination. I "think" they do test while in classes, but with alcohol, there is a 24 hour window that would not show, but with drugs, depending on the drug, could stay in the body for days/weeks. Since both your mother and her BF are alcohol dependent and with alcohol, many times, people become angry or fight, thus your mother getting the black eye. There is nothing you can do, but one thing, go to a cOA, link below http://nacoa.net/ You need help living in this situation. This is the national association of children living with alcoholics. good luck
EddieJ meant some blondes are in favor of some things, and others are against them. Most UUs drink. Some smoke marijuana. A few, sadly, are addicted to heroin or cocaine or whatever. As a denomination we abhor sexual exploitation. Most prostitutes are in that line of work because they have $200 a day habits and $200 a week skills. As far as I know we havent issued an official statement on drugs or prostitution. Right now our major concerns are same-sex marriage and immigration.
none
I just lost a long good answer to you ,and I am not going to repeat it, so the short version is this. Alcoholism is a drug of choice, it is considered a disease. You can get a definiton by putting it into the net search bar. Also search adult children of alcoholics, then go to eftuniverse.com can put depression and anything eles , you may try alcoholism, into the search bar there and see how others have helped healed them selves with this method. There is no other method that will resolve, and remove , dissolve the pain , like that method. None. You have a LOT of pain to dissolve, so the sooner you work out that solution the better. clic my pic for more resouces . There is also a free version there. You can resolve your pain and move forward in life. You can help your bro with it as well.You do not have to let this drag you down. If you think antidepressants are something you want to try, then do that, but be realistic that they are considered placebos and work for some temporary and are not cures for depression. You can apply the method i gave to all your pain, or hire someone to help you or ask them if there is anyone in trainign to help you for free. just ask them here eftmasters.com You can go to alanon meetings for free , for support for anyone living around an alcoholic. You do not have to end up like that, and you can deal with your feelings in a healthy way. You and your brother could get help with your pain with this method that works quickly. It would even help your mom or aunt if they would just do it. When people are addictied their minds and bodies focus on the addiction, not on much else. They do not know how to express their feelings or help the feelings they are covering over. Go here bbbs.org and see if you can get your bro one You think about your areas of interest and what you want to do career wise , and find healthy adults that are already successful in those areas of interest and contact them and askthem to mentor you, advise and guide you, and keep asking until you find those that will . You can help your bro that way also, finding and bringing healthy males into his life. Because of the poor parenting and the role model of learning todeal with feelings and pain with drugs or alcohol, each of you have to make a decision to get healing and not to fall into that trap. He needs your support in being healthy. You can become a success, and have a lot to offer and share with others. Bring supportive healthy happy people into your life and your bro, you will be glad you did. Happy New Year. Go find a way to use that method to free yourself of the pain you feel . Top contributor Jody may have some insights to help you even more ask her.
They Do. Ozzy Osborne is a HUGE addict, and He can barely talk nowadays. Jimmy Urine (of Mindless Self Indulgence) had an incredible vocal range, able to shift from a deep growling voice to a falsetto higher than most women can hit. But that was back in the late 90s-early 2000s. lately hes been occasionally smoking, and his voice is raspier and not as diverse.
In terms of scientifically proven research & data? Id say alcohol. Its hard to compare the two, because not much is known about MDMA and its long term effects - which primarily concern the brain. In contrast, the effects of alcohol and its abuse are both much widely researched, agreed upon and developed. There are studies concerning MDMA use that claim it may cause things such as "serotonin syndrome", increased susceptibility to depression and anxiety disorders, memory problems and.. well, a whole host more. But there are many opposing studies that claim all the known effects of MDMA are reversible and not nearly as severe as other research indicates. I think its definitely widely believed that MDMA is more damaging, and theres a lot of myths out there about it, but little is really known about it. Just to show the two different sides, look at this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_54vRNqM    Its a long video, so Ill ltell you when alcohol & mdma sections are. But if you have time, its worth watching the whole thing. Ecstasy: 5.20, Alcohol: 32.13 Heres a summary of the video, too: http://tlc.howstuffworks.com/family/drug    In contrast, theres studies like this (many of which have been disproved or are heavily refuted): http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/201   
none
I have always say that drinking and getting sober were a "choice" and I have met many people disagree with that theory. Granted, we just dont wake up one day and say "I think I will become an alcoholic", but we choose to drink and then we become physically addicted, then causes a problem. While personally, I was in my drinking state, I remember giving many, many excuses why I continued to drink. That it was an obsession beyond my control, cant stop it. One day I was home drinking after a few days of sobriety. My girlfriend came home, knew instantly that I had been drinking. I offered the excuse that "I couldnt help it" and the only thing she said to me was, "Did the truck drive itself to the liquor store"? That is when I finally realized that YES, it is a choice to drink and it is a choice to get sober. Good luck to all.
Hey, fellow Gator! 10-15 beers a day is insane, and absolutely alcoholism. If you RELY on a substance to function daily at a normal level, which it sounds like you do, you are technically an addict (or an alcoholic, pick your term). Some other signs include: having family members who express concern, having a past criminal history related to alcohol, feeling the need to lie about or defend drinking habits, feeling like there is "nothing wrong". Fact is, drinking even 5 or 6 beers a day is alcoholism...10-15 is just horrid for your body and your brain. Here are just SOME of the terrible side effects of long term alcohol abuse/dependency: -- cardiovascular complications, including PAD, IC, heart attack, cardiomyopathy etc. -- Stroke -- Long-term permanent depression --Tremor -- Sleep disturbances -- Social and Theory of Mind abnormalities and deficits -- LIVER DISEASE, cirrhosis, alcoholic hepatits -- Physiological pre-aging, including wrinkles, dementia, forgetfulness, irritability, anxiety etc. So... People worry about you because they love you, and because you have a problem. Just because you arent drunkenly getting into bar brawls every night doesnt mean that you arent an alcoholic. Alcoholics tend to die horrific, prolonged, painful, premature deaths. But before that, they mentally degrade to the point that they are no longer themselves. Youre still young, so you have time. Get sober. Stop vising Midtown, and start visiting a rehab clinic. Good luck!!
Anything in excess is bad for you! The effects depends on the length of abuse and what alcohol or narcotic is involved. Permanent liver damage possible aneurysms, everybody system is different. Theres always the story of the guy that can drink a 6-pack with minor effects! but still dont let him drive Worst possibility is when u harm another due to ones binging<SEMCOL> the physiological effect is that u have to live with that event for the rest of your life.
none
Ever hear of Prohibition and the 18th amendment? It was tried and it failed miserably. z
substance abuse: Traffic Trainspotting Pollack failing relationships: Blue Valentine depression: Night Mother The Machinist (guilt / depression) The Hours The Fisher King (has a good ending though)
Well, I dont get why his not being a Christian is a problem. I know plenty of mix-religion couples that do just fine. If youve been together 5 years, then surely you were aware of his religious leanings before now. Non-Christians are no better or worse than Christians. I know quite a few alcoholics and abusers who "know Jesus" as well. One of them was the leader of the church I attended when I was a teenager - and probably one of the reasons I am no longer a Christian. But back on topic... Do you have any friends? Family? How about you go a get another job and save up some money so you can move out? Look in the paper and see if anyone is looking for a roommate. Talk to someone in your church (if you go to one). They may have somewhere you can go, or some resources to help you get free of your situation. They may even know of some programs that could help your husband with his alcohol problem. ETA: And reading back on this, I want to add - I in no way encourage abuse or want to justify his actions toward you, nor do I think you deserve what the way you are being treated. You are a victim, and do need to get out of this situation as soon as possible. There ARE ways out, but you must be willing to take them. I have quite a grudge against my own church - but they can be a good resource for those in need. They are meant to be a community - a place where people are SUPPOSED to go when they need help. There are also shelters for women who need to get away from abusive situations. Your husband needs help, too. But you dont need to be the one who gives it to him.
http://www.caron.org/alcohol.html?gclid=    http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health http://www.webmd.com/cancer/features/faq    http://www.healthchecksystems.com/alcoho    http://www2.potsdam.edu/hansondj/Alcohol    http://www.cdc.gov/alcohol/fact-sheets/a    http://alcoholism.about.com/od/health/Ef    http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcoh    http://www.med.unc.edu/alcohol/preventio   
One week is enough.
This article has some information on the -holic suffix: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/-holic Apparently its actually a back-formation from alcoholic.
You really want to end up brain damaged from alcohol abuse and go to jail for theft? Are you that addicted to alcohol? Lay off the alcohol, because its clearly making you ask stupid questions on the internet when you know no ones gonna help you here. Otherwise, good job at the trolling, you got people to take this question seriously.
Im sorry you have to go through this, Zam. My heart goes out to you. Alcoholism is a disease with psychological, physiological, social, and family aspects. Alcoholism is a progressive disease. The alcohol effects the areas of the brain controlling judgment. It also impairs the areas dealing with inhibition. This is why your mothers behavior has become more erratic over time. The first symptom of alcoholism is denial:    I only drink beer   ,    I only drink on weekends   ,    I can still handle my job   ,    I never drink during the day. I only drink at night.    The excuses go on and on. Alcoholics restructure reality so that they believe they don   t have a problem. They believe everyone else around them has the problem. Alcohol acts as a tranquilizer, an antidepressant, or as a pacifier depending on the individual. Scientists are discovering that genetic factors interact with environmental factors to induce alcoholism and other addictions. However, they still don   t understand all the plethora of genetic factors. Scientists discovered that alcohol affects the pleasure centers in the brain differently than it does people who are not alcoholics and who dont abuse drugs. This is why your sister also has some of the same problems. Alcohol is also a drug, even though people dont consider it a drug. You need to understand what alcoholics and drug abusers feel. The urge to drink or to use drugs is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming, persistent, and ceaseless urge. At this point, you need to take care of yourself. Join AL-ANON. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. Best of luck, Sean Roberts
Honey, you know as well as I do that until SHE is ready to admit her problems the spiral will continue downward. You cant save people from themselves. Cut her loose, let her know that you are there if/when she is ready to face her problems with honesty and then hope like hell that she gets the help she needs. I know where youre at, Ive faced my own demons and I have a 46 year old brother who is addicted to dexamphetamine and oxycontin........we have had to take a similar hard line with him after he started trying to exploit my recently widowed mother. The first step to overcoming addiction is admitting the problems. She doesnt sound anywhere near ready to do that.
First off I think you did the right thing by taking her phone and no access to the internet. You can try rehab or something to keep her away from the drugs. You might also try an intervention. If she doesnt staighten up before she has to go back to court, you can have a talk with the judge and explain that she hasnt learned her lesson and she could get more time or put in a sober living facility. Where we live now, we have a sober living facility for drugs and alcohol. It worked for one of my friends, but the person also has to be committed to not doing drugs. I left my ex husband because he started doing drugs, drinking and he beat my youngest son. I left him once because of that and he agreed to sober up. He went to a sober living facility over night, then to a home. He was there for a year and he had to pay rent. Then 2 years later, he started drinking and doing drugs then he beat my youngest son. I had enough so I left him. I also told him if he started drinking again, we were gone because the kids didnt need to see it. Im already afraid if my youngest son has a drink that he will be hooked because his dad and most of his family are drug addicts or alcoholics. My sister in laws daughters both take prescription pain killers and whatever else they can get their hands on. At first she kicked them out and the younger daughter has warrents and lost custody of her daughters. The older daughter got busted about 6 months ago and neither learned their lesson. The only thing is my sister in law denies that her daughters are doing drugs when everyone else knows it. Good luck
Can we just admit they were a bad idea after the Waco and Ruby Ridge Massacres? Who needs school and theater shooters when the Feds have these trigger-happy super troopers? "Hmm... burning up a house full of kids with CS gas canisters is a good idea because we suspected child abuse and some misdemeanor firearms violations." Nothing wrong with that... just following Renos orders like other soldiers did at Wounded Knee, Auschwitz, Tienanmen Square, etc... I think all three things should be completely deregulated and non-federalized, unless an individual state sees a reason to do so. The feds seem far too incompetent for this type of work. They should stick to things they are actually good at, like giving our tax revenue to a cartel of international banksters for safekeeping who then sell our money back to us at interest.
Regular heavy drinking is what causes FAS. If getting drunk just once caused it, 70% of everyone now over age 35 would have it.... because until the late 1970s pregnant women did not avoid alcohol (or cigarettes, for that matter). As well as having FAS (which is severely impaired development) the baby of an alcoholic mother might also be born alcoholic, the same as babies can born as drug addicts. So it it best to totally avoid these substances during pregnancy. But one episode cant do severe damage. Just dont do it again.
Medical experts and the textbook Alcoholics Anonymous say there is no cure for the disease of alcoholism, but there is successful treatment by addressing the physical, psychological and spiritual addiction to alcohol. The most effective method for treating alcoholism is abstinence. and a recovery program. Many alcoholics can stop drinking for a period of time, weeks, months years, or even decades, but when they drink again, the addiction picks up right where it left off. An alcoholic can maintain some control over drinking out of fear, threats from spouse or family, intervention by a boss, probation, etc - but sooner or later he will get drunk again and the compulsion to drink takes over. Willpower alone will not stop the disease of alcoholism for any great length of time. Its not how much or how often a person drinks that determines whether or not he is alcoholic. There are drinkers who abuse alcohol who are not and never will be alcoholics, they can quit if they decide to, or a good enough reason presents itself<SEMCOL> marriage, a baby, someone they love dies in an alcohol related crash, etc. Alcoholics cannot quit, not for good, alcoholism is a progressive, insidious, fatal disease with a set of predictable symptoms and outcome.
Im the same way, Bro! It sucks, but found that the "relaxed" feeling I use to get went away. I either had to drink heavier or not drink at all - at one point it became a problem in my life. In a substance abuse class I took I learned the way alcohol affects your brain will actually prevent the sleep chemicals in your brain from releasing the way theyre suppose to and prevent REM sleep (that real deep sleep). I also would wake up very depressed & anxious. Sleep got better when I cut way down & even quite alcohol ...its just not my thing anymore. Good luck finding your own answer:-) -SgtOfHeart
The use of abuse of any substance or activity is considered an addition if it interferes with the persons personal (relationships) or professional (job) lives. There are lots of people who can drink lots and lots and still function appropriately at home and work, but many cant. And the ones who cannot handle it are the ones with the problem(s).
get smart and drop the addict. simple. u can NOT change an addict , simple.
your brother being an alcoholic barely increases your chances at all<SEMCOL> but your brother AND uncles does increase your chances, as it suggests that you may have the genetic predisposition for alcoholism, or other addictions. Nothing guarantees you will become addicted, but you may have the predisposition<SEMCOL> personally, i would choose to not drink rather than to risk it.
Symptoms only last for a couple of days, jesus. Try coming off benzos where you have WD symptoms for months. Yes its safe to go cold turkey.If you are worried then just subtract 1 unit per day from your drinking. and by the time you get down to nothing you will never have had any symptoms Stop relying on other people to tackle your problem
Private universities can do pretty much whatever they want. They could expel or suspend you for talking too much or walking too fast if they pleased. When you are at a private university, you have to follow their rules while playing their game. Even if the rules or policies make absolutely no sense whatsoever, they can enforce them however they chose. That being said, if the university lets you appeal the decision, you should take advantage of that opportunity. Being suspended from your university puts you in a very awkward position.
none
Effects of alcohol abuse: financial ruin poverty discord in family liver disease malnutrition loss of friends loss of job and livelihood possibly criminal convictions - as in DUI lack of inhibition
For Eastern Orthodox, alcohol is allowed on weekends during Lent, FWIW. It is particularly bad form to get drunk on Saturday night -- liturgically, it is Sunday (which starts at sundown Sat. evening)... Lenten fasting is not really about giving up things (or, more correctly, laying aside rich and unnecessary foods), but about spiritual growth and repentance, which the fasting regimen is there to help us with. Continued episodes of drunkenness are not conducive to spiritual growth, nor are parties three nights a week. Leaves little time for prayer, or for that matter, study. You might be in the habit of drinking too much<SEMCOL> that doesnt mean an addiction. But changing habits can be hard. Give it a try this Lent. Forgive me. /Orthodox (Eastern)
You are, what we in AA, call a "recreational user" You dont use the stuff every day (or even every other day) in fact you can go days at a time without even thinking about it. BUT when the party lights come on.... You are an alcoholic, if you think you are an alcoholic. One of the most common traits among alcoholics is that they have let alcohol take control of their lives (the ones that I know). They are so obsessed with it that they cant stop thinking about it and cant wait to get drunk, even if, it means neglecting other things in their lives. IMHO - you are a recreational user thats concerned about becoming an alcohol abuser
It can be addiction, the feeling, the people around them and the influences they are under. If they are already considered an addict and deep into it, and then someone tells them the truth about what they are smoking/drinking/sniffing/exhaling and inhaling, well its hard to make them stop, because really its now part of their everyday lives. Also they may be careless and not bother with the dangers of the substance they use. Or it could be for business.
Why do current governments think that "binge drinking" has just been invented and has to be stopped. It`s actually been going on since beer was first brewed ?
This is a stupid question assigned (maybe dont say that), but you might (depending on teacher) consider writing that alcohol abuse is genetically influenced. It is also influenced by trauma, psychological disorder, inner turmoil or pain, ignored issue. There is no recreational activity that will magically make someone who is in a bad place enough to drink to excess (but ashamed/in denial enough about the reason for that bad place to self-medicate rather than deal with the problem head-on)not go that direction... nor would they at that low point in life really care about any recreational activity. The best prevention for alcohol abuse in young people is vigilance, care and parenting. Dont dump your kid or student in an activity to take care of the problem for you. Spend time with them, earn their trust so you know when they are headed towards danger or have experienced something bad, always be a safe place where honesty is rewarded with love and support, make sure they dont end up in situations that could lead down a bad way... thats the activity.. but its not for the teen. A teen is awash with hormones and stress as it is. They are still kinda nuts most of the time. The adults still have responsibility till that magic 18 (and if they have any empathy, probably longer). So the activity is PARENTING and TEACHING. There might be something to be said for meditation, physical exercise, music, anything outdoors in sunlight and makes kids feel good about themselves through actual accomplishment (all five increase neurotransmitters that lessen likelihood of addiction or depression). There is also something to be said of maybe some sort of psychology class that focuses on cognitive therapy, neuropsychology and behaviorism (all scientifically proven and among few disciplines that are and also dont peddle dangerous drugs that dont do anything different than self-medication because they dont reproduce the neurotransmitters the way amino acid therapy does, but rather mimics them and in the case of speed they destroy the dopamine receptors ability to function for nearly a decade). These also teach people how to be in control of their own habits, addictions, patterns of behavior, disorders... and teaches them why these things form in the first place.But again, the most important is them having a parent, guardian or teacher they trust enough to set the right example and whom they can turn to when they dont follow it.
Hallucinagenic effects, basically getting high.1
You should definitely look up Impulse by Ellen Hopkins, or any of her novels really. She seems to sort of specialize in young adults going through rough times like those you described. They are quite mature stories though, including sex (nothing too graphic though) and many other delicate/touchy topics, including suicide, homosexuality, adolescent prostitution, and rape. Ive read only Impulse and Tricks by her so far, but I plan to eventually read all of them. Her novels are definitely for you if youre into dark themes, like I am.
Thats true thats how my brother became a binge drinker, and smoker because our parents never let him go out or drink or smoke so he went made crazy tried so much drugs almost ODed. But me I found my ways to get around my parents. You just have to be compassionate and reasonable and play it cool. If she says no dont get mad you can try and ask a friends parents or a friend. I went around that by buying a fake ID as soon as I had the money, its really annoying having to rely on people.
Its already illegal to carry a gun in a gun free zone, also illegal to kill people. What difference will it make if guns are outlawed? Cocaine, Meth, Etc. have been illegal to own and distribute since they hit the market, so why do we still have addicts? Why do we keep writing new laws when enforcing those we have should be our priority? I wonder why in the world are people so obsessed with banning them in the first place? Its not like they are some new danger imposed on the world. Most ardent supporters of anti-gun legislation have never used a firearm and have failed to educate themselves. A gun ban will solve nothing. Banning certain attachments and magazines will solve nothing. Registration is already required. Why is this debate even happening?
because shortly after they stop getting what you think of as a hangover, they get what people think of as withdrawal. (a hangover is a short term withdrawal, alcoholics begin to get real withdrawals). i think its because if youre not used to drinking as much as they are, youre body rejects the alcohol and has to recover from being poisoned. with an alcoholic, theyre body loves alcohol and just wants more. having alcohol in their system is like blood and water, its no longer poison. (well it is, but ya know). which then they<SEMCOL>re body becomes physically dependent, which gives them withdrawals because their body cant function properly without alcohol. also, yes usually these people drink everyday, so even if they dont get up and start drinking first thing, theres probably enough in their system still so theyre body doesnt react to it being without it.
why cant you write sober? im a (recreational) writer myself, and although i enjoy writing while im drunk or high and admit that ive written some pretty creative pieces that way, i never feel like i *need* something (external) to write. the concept of the broke wino leaning over a typewriter in a shitty studio apartment is pretty romantic. but to be dependent on alcohol (or any drug) to help you express yourself seems... unfortunate. doesnt it make you feel incomplete? or is being broken part of the romance? im not condemning your choices. i actually think theyre completely valid. i just want to be sure youve examined them before you find theyve lead you somewhere difficult-to-return-from. cheers!
Yes. Im not going to go deel into rhe subject, as I only know there is one, not where it is or whatnot. People with a family history (which yours is quite extensive) of alcoholism are more susceptile to its effects. Most likely you may feel the effects of alcohol much sooner than a person without family history of the disease or you may become more easily addicted.
In my opinion, there is no specific age. It varies for each person depending on their maturity level. There are many adults 30+ that abuse alcohol, and then there are younger people who do not abuse alcohol. I started occasionally drinking when I was 16 years old (I know that most people consider that to be way to young) and I am now 23 years old and I do not abuse alcohol. I have the occasional drink. I have heard of and known of people that started drinking when they were 20+ and became alcoholics. So again, it just depends on the individual person.
It is possible to have an alcohol problem at your age. Its quite scary, actually. People dont really take it seriously, but you are screwing with alcohol at a time in your life when it can affect you very seriously. My alcohol addiction started when I was 14 years old. A friend of mine had an older brother who would buy us booze. It started out that I would chip in with friends on a bottle that we would share at sleepovers or smuggle into school football games in water bottles, but it got to the point where I would approach this friends brother separately and get booze to drink on my own, at home, by myself. I spent my lunch money on it. It continued to get worse. At ages 15 and 16, I had friends who would throw parties with booze, and I *always* made an appearance. If there was booze around, I was there -- period. I never went with the intention of having a drink or two. I wanted to get as plastered as possible. Embarrassing things happened because I wasnt old enough to really control it, but I knew I loved getting a buzz. Fast forward to 17-20. Wow. What a blur. I held a steady job the whole time, but I was always wasted. I waited tables at a seafood restaurant for two years. I always snuck booze in to work with me by pouring it in a big McDonalds cup. I got wasted all day while I was work, then I hit up any party I could find after work. I had friends who were bouncers at bars in town, and they would let me in to drink, even though I was underage. I would get trashed at bars, go to parties, go to friends houses, whatever. Id go to houses of people that I barely knew if I knew there would be booze around. I dropped out of college because I was always drunk or hungover. When I was 19, I got arrested for drunk and disorderly conduct. I had to spend the night in jail, and I served a year of supervised probation. Two weeks after my 20th birthday, I got a DWI. I was completely hammered. I blew a .28. The DWI screwed my life up. I had to spend about $3,000 on court and lawyer fees. I lost my license for a year back in 2008, but I still havent gotten it back yet (Ill be 25 this year) because I kept screwing around and getting in trouble. Booze is a hell of a drug. I dont care what anyone says<SEMCOL> you can be addicted at a young age. I ruined my own life because of booze. I would like to say that I am sober now, but Im not. I have gotten my drinking under control, however. I am back in college (now, I will be 26 when I get my two-year degree...better than nothing, but certainly much later than it should have been). I have a good job. I drink every night, but only after my other responsibilities have been taken care of. I dont mean this as a sob story, but you need to try to battle this before it gets too far. I love alcohol. It makes me happy when Im sad, it helps me celebrate, it helps me mourn when I feel like crap and dont want to put up a front anymore. It helps me open up when Im feeling shy or have a good time when Im bored. But, it isnt good for me, at least not like I was doing it before. I dont want you to end up on the same path that I ended up on, so please, do something to save yourself. It only gets worse. I kept telling myself..."Ahh, Im young, its normal." But it wasnt. It doesnt sound normal in your case either. Best wishes.
Suicide should not even be an option. This story breaks my heart, and you may not like what I have to say about it, but at least hear me out, I think it will help. You said it yourself, she wont get help because she doesnt think she needs it. You cannot force help on someone who is unwilling to take it, plus It is almost impossible to reason with someone who is intoxicated. So what do you do? My advice: you cant help someone until you help yourself. Youve obviously been very hurt and affected by this situation(your family, too) and what you need to do is pull yourself out of that situation. Get out of that negative atmosphere and take your siblings with you. Its not good for their development either. Youre 19, you can move out. GO TO CHURCH. I dont care if youre a believer or not. Its a great positive place to be and God can do amazing things in your life. Also, the support from the people in the church can do a lot. Most will be more than happy to help with anything they can if you ask. PRAY A LOT. For yourself, your family, and especially your mom. After you can get yourself sorted out, youll be able to go back to your mom and help her, she might be willing to except help from you by then(pray for that) ... you didnt mention the reason why she started drinking, that knowledge might help in remedying the situation, too.
Sweetheart my sister is a 25 yr. sober alcoholic. I KNOW what, JUST WHAT youre dealing with. My heart so goes out to you. My sister too drank vodka, also is on STRONG pain pills now, but MUST take them for her bad back, thats NO problem. I KNOW what my 2 nephews & her daughter went thru with her drinking. She even left them when the youngest was 13, oldest was 21, middle one was 20. Theyve so often said they are SO GLAD to have their mom back again 25 yrs. later!!! She is COMPLETELY DIFFERENT NOW. She WILL help anyone/everyone who needs/wants help. Has had folks email her from all over the country it she can help them. Shes also been an AA sponsor. She too went to Alanon for an ex alcoholic husband, AA for herself. Says AA saved her life, Alanon saved her sanity. Honey, YOU SHOULD go to Alateen OR AA to help YOU. Only She can help herself. Alcoholism IS A disease. An addictive, cunning, progressive killer disease that just keep getting worse & worse over time. I KNOW what she was like when she drank as she lived rite next door to me. I dont know where to start with you to help you, honey, but PLEASE PLEASE GO to either Alanon or Alateen for you. You WILL get the help you need from them. I PROMISE YOU that, I KNOW that. I KNOW she wont mind me giving you her email address as shes given it to others to help IF you want it. Her email address is cherylross1958@yahoo. com Make SURE IF you email her you put "alcohol" in the subject line so she doesnt delete it as she doesnt open any "strange" emails. So IF you want, honey, I KNOW shell be so GLAD to help you. She lived it, she KNOWS ALL about it. KNOWS how she hurt her own children. But PLEASE, she tells EVERYONE to go to either Alateen or Alanon for you, AA for your mom. Honey I wish ALL the BEST to you!^ HUGS...XOX
i personally have done this several times. it really depends on the mix. if you mix vicodin, weed, and alcohol you can feel the effects of all the different drugs. however if you do cocaine, weed, and alcohol you will not really feel the effects of the alcohol because when high on cocaine its very very difficult to get drunk. however once the cocaine wears off the feeling of all the alcohol will hit you quickly. I was a pain pill addict for over 5 years and before that i was addicted to cocaine for more then 2 years. I have been clean for more then a year but remember very well...lol.
Obviously, you need to have a serious discussion with him. As a husband and a father myself, i know the STRESS that comes along with supporting a family. And if hes not working, then the stress is even higher. I have a feeling he already KNOWS hes failing, and the drinking may seem like the only way to feel better. I know that after i have had a beer I feel a lot better after a miserable day at work. But he needs to understand that its not going to make things better. To expect him to stop drinking entirely probably isnt reasonable, but there is a time and a place. And right now he needs to focus on finding a job and taking care of his family. And if hes not going to step up, then you need to go someplace until he does. Or preferably, kick his A$$ out until he gets his act together. Sorry to say it, but it sounds like you got what you paid for. Not sure why women always marry men for their POTENTIAL, but it sounds like you knew what you were getting yourself into..... ADDITIOL COMMENTS... if youre number one priority is your baby girl, then either move out or kick him out until he gets the help he needs. I am not saying you should divorce him, but let him know that part is up to him.
You spelled comatose wrong, sorry I am a little obsessive with spelling errors. Ok here is the real answer. NO YOU ARE NOT AN ALCOHOLIC. The fact that you are worrying so much about that thought shows that you do not wanna be an alcoholic, an alcoholic is someone who is constantly consuming alcohol. You said that you have only drank it two or three times you are fine!!!! Did you know that parents in europe allow their children to drink a glass of wine at every meal (only some parents).
I am a recovering pain pill addict and have been clean for over a year. when I have no choice but to get a script for them because of kidney issues i will get it filled and give someone i trust my bottle and tell them to only give me the amount i will need for that day. i know that if i had them in my possession that i would go backwards. stick to taking them the way the doctor prescribed them or less. be careful because if you have an addictive personality you are at high risk.
To tell you the truth... Both! "Sex Addict: You will have sex with ANYTHING that moves." _______________________________________    1. Almost any female that moves... Just as long as shes not too old, or too crazy. Im a little ashamed to admit that. "Alcohol Addict: Your family hates you because you drink too much." _______________________________________    2. Im not ashamed to admit that I like alcohol, and I dont care how my family feels about it. They hate everything - lol
High triglycerides. That and possibly a higher HDL level. Youre talking systemic damage, particularly to the liver, kidneys, and heart, higher risks for developing cancers of the head, neck, and gastrointestinal tract. If she has had a whipple, sounds like shes already got a history of cancer.
You seem like a very smart person. I enjoy beer too, and the times Ive been really drunk have not turned out well. Like one time when I got drunk I tried a cigarette. The next day I found myself wanting to smoke and I was already addicted. Theres no need to be drunk. Being a little tipsy feels good, but drunk definitely not. I hope you dont change your mind on this. Right now you sound like a very intelligent person.
Not in my person opinion. If youve ever seen the music video, and just listening to the lyrics, leads me to believe otherwise. I think its more about trying to forget someone/something by getting drunk. So if you refering to alcholism as someone being addicted to alcohol, Im going to say no. I think the song is supposed to focus more on the love that was there and the want to get over, or maybe get it back. Examples: "Love will scar your makeup." "I know Ill never hold you like I used too." "Without you to hold, Ill be freezing." "You dont hold me anymore." "Ill be drunk again to feel a little love." "All by myself, Im here again." Im not sure if this makes 100% sense on here, but I swear it all made sense to me while I was thinking about it.
Could be risky... You wouldnt want to be caught. Maybe a little could work, but dont keep it on you, and of course, dont drive completely impaired. As for becoming an alcoholic because of it, it depends on your genes. If you have an addictive personality, its probably not a good idea every day. I come from a family of addicts, but I smoke and Im not addicted. Just limit yourself, have sober weeks perhaps? Thats what I do. I havent smoked in the past week, just so I can know Im not dependent on substances and nicotine. Goodluck.
Please keep in mind that possession is illegal and if an adult is caught providing the alcohol it spells bad news for the both of you. That being said, if they dont want to get anyone else in trouble, they would have probably stolen it, either from a store (shoplifting) or just from their parents beer fridge in the garage or liquor cabinet. If it was provided for them (double illegal, see above) then it probably was an older sibling. I would like to think that people have enough smarts not to buy alcohol at a store just because some teen down in isle 3 asked and paid them to. A responsible adult would probably just say no and inform a store clerk of the situation... basically youd get caught. Ask the same question in Law Enforcement & Police or in the Health category for a substance abuse point of view and they should be able to give you stats on the most common way things are done and how they get caught. Just becareful how you raise the question.
People with addiction issues start using like everyone else...socially and recreationally. No other excuse. However, for them the good feeling becomes the addiction. The state of being is numbed. It is my personal belief that depression etc is an underlying issue and predisposes one to alcoholism or further addiction. Obviosly when we talk about drugs there is the further pull of a quick physical dependency that can be hard for anyone to overcome. Once addicted I do not believe there is a rational thought process or reasoning. These things take your mind away and u forget about the hereinnow temporarily...That is what is trying to be achieved. But as we alll know one comes back to reality. This causes a vicious cycle of binging. After so much use the body tolerates more. The desired effect is no longer being achieved.
That menas the mental health system is so messed up that it needs someone with higher education, BUT offices/positions are frequently filled by people with lower education (and command lower pay). In general- the higher pay(more educated people) work at institutions/inpatient hospitals that are "for profit" and usually are not affordable to most people who need them. The patients have really good insurance so the staff is better paid. The lower pay(less educated) people are employed by city/county/state agencies who deal with very few people other than those who have commited a crime due to their mental illness and addiction(which commonly fuel each other). The mental illness is usually drug related. The two go hand in hand for most even though there are some non-drug-use mental illness cases. However the drug induced mental illness is much more frequent. Hope it helped Addtion info if you want it: You may join the MI.com webb site to get a better idea. Read the disscussion groups for a day to day experience of the job your thinking about.
I dont know much about it, but I imagine alcohol and drugs can make it worse. dissociative fugue causes, while reversible, amnesia<SEMCOL> and so do drugs and alcohol. people who go undiagnosed abuse drugs and alcohol, and it can also be the cause of fugue states. hope that helps.
none
Forget the "friendship," which only you cherish. You need to get as far away from this guy, as fast as possible. Then you need to learn an important life-lesson: You cant fix people -- they have to fix themselves, and that usually happens only as a last resort. Whether the problem is drugs or alcohol, realize that they love it more than anything or anyone else -- including you or their family. Learn what enabling is, and avoid it. That means lending them money (which never gets repaid), making excuses for them to others, and generally making it easy for them to continue their problem behavior. Dont believe promises to change. Addicts (including alcoholics) are the most lying, manipulative people on earth. Theyll tell you whatever you want to hear if it helps them continue their relationship with their beloved substance -- booze in his case. If you live in a town of any size, theres probably a support-group for families of people who have that problem. Go there, hear the stories -- many probably worse than yours -- and accept that fact that you cant lose their friendship or love because the addict threw that away a long time ago, and replaced it with a substance.
Yes there is something you can do. Two friends of mine videotaped a woman smoking pot while she was pregnant and CPS flagged her. They were in the delivery room hours after birth. You can call the police for blackmail. Obviously she has some kind of issue and she needs help, there should be a medical ward that will accept this kind of crazy. For sure, I dont know if the fetus will survive or suffer or if any of that will pan out, but it is a start and additional resources will come up as a result. Also, look up abortion laws. You can be charged with unlawful abortion even if youre not in an abortion clinic performing late term procedures. A regular civilian was charged with this not long ago, but I dont remember the details. Unfortunately, the father doesnt get a say in what happens. Take her to court. If all else fails, at least there will be a record of this behavior if she snaps in the future.
Well actually most hardcore alcoholics do not consume much food. Let us also consider how alcohol abuse wrecks havoc on all body processes so that includes nutrition. Therefore, even when a hardcore alcoholic has meals the required nutrients are not absorbed well enough to support a health body. http://www.ehow.com/facts_5630760_do-wei   
I am a 25 yr. sober alcoholic. Know far too well ALL alcohol can do to a person, spouse, family. Alcoholism IS a disease. An addictive, cunning progressive, killer disease. IF you think hes bad now, just wait, I PROMISE it WILL only keep getting worse. Held in for 11 long yrs. hoping against all hope my ex husband would also get/stay sober as I had. I did it thru AA. He went to umpteen detoxes, umpteen 28 day programs. ALL to no avail. He cheated on me constantly, but HOPING hed get sober, our marriage would/could have a chance. WRONG!!! After going thru much counseling over the yrs., at our very last session we were told he also is a "womanizer" to get help for that along with AA. Also that our marriage would NOT last. It was then I ACCEPTED the truth as such, ended our marriage, felt like a ton of bricks rolled off my shoulders, I was finally FREE of it ALL. I too attended Alanon along with AA. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity!! IF youve not gone to Alanon mtgs., I highly recommend you go to a few. They are ALL in the same boat as you. WILL give you ALL the support you could ever want. It would be of sooo much help to you. Honey, IF you think hes bad now, just wait, it WILL only keep getting worse. Your children do not deserve to live in a dysfunctional family nor do you. They will be so much better off living with one loving parent that living with two dysfunctional parents. My now 3 adult children suffered from my drinking mistakes, also living with drinking fathers. To this day they still are suffering in different ways living with fighting, arguing parents. A father who abused them in so many different ways. Dont do this to your children. Dont do this to yourself. Honey, please do go to at least a few Alanon mtgs. to give you the strength & support you need. You will NOT regret it for a moment. You do deserve to learn ALL this disease can do to your family, how badly you need to remove yourself of it if he is not going to even hope to attempt to get sober. I KNOW you CAN do it. Put the past in the past, go forward with your life. Your past will be forever gone, but your future is still your own. DO what you feel is the best for ALL involved. Dont wait for it to keep getting worse...Im with you, I SO DO wish you all the best, honey...:)
It is possible. This is not a common reaction however. There are somewhat common interactions with buproprion (wellbutrin) with alcohol. Many report that it lowers their tolerance to alcohol to some degree and some even report that it increases the euphoria while drinking alcohol. Which may just be attributed to their tolerance being significantly lowered,.. though it works in similar areas of the brain as alcohol so their may be a synergistic effect occurring. There have been studies by GlaxoSmithKline one alcohol use and buproprion and most commonly the users reported that the two mixed together caused them to : "feeling more sober and clear-headed and less sedated. Bupropion also reduced the detrimental effect of alcohol on auditory vigilance. The combination of bupropion (100 mg) and two drinks of alcohol increased heart rate by six beats per minute, a statistically significant increase." Though keep in mind, the way one feels after drinking doesnt indicate the level of soberness that is actually occurring. Antidepressants are notorious for altering the perception of inebriation caused by alcohol both ways.. in some more perceived inebriation, and in others less perceived inebriation. It is good you are recognizing this trait -- Buproprion can increase anxiety, though this effect generally reverses to a decrease in anxiety over time as the brain adapts and side effects diminish. This can be responsible for an increase in alcohol consumption. Though I do not know how long you have been regularly taking buproprion, but 2 weeks is still in the range of the body adjusting to the side effects. So my advice, if it is having a positive impact in your life/mental health/mood/emotions -- to then just be vigilant with your alcohol consumption realizing this is somewhat of a catalyst to an increase in alcohol consumption. If you can discipline yourself, I think the benefits outweigh this effect. Unless you have a history or alcohol abuse/addiction. Take care,
Hypoglycemia, according to the Mayo Clinic, is characterized by an abnormally low level of blood sugar. It is a condition typically associated with diabetes, but it can be caused by excessive alcohol consumption. Drinking heavily on an empty stomach can block the liver from releasing glucose into the bloodstream, resulting in a hypoglycemic event. Symptoms of hypoglycemia are similar to intoxication, but unlike inebriation, it can cause heart palpitations. The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism reports that chronic, heavy drinkers raise their risk of developing hypoglycemia because they often consume too little glucose. Also, the body   s glucose production is slowed while alcohol is being processed by the liver.
Nah, only on the weekend is fine
depends, are you healthy? does cb1 tax the liver with things like creatine? Do you often drink alcohol? these questions are important as a weight gainer today has many additives that whose affects on the body or taxing of the liver is unknown. It certainly shouldnt hurt you if you are healthy use moderate amounts of the weight gain supplement and dont over do it. The same thing for alcohol if you hurt your liver or other of you body that is the end of using things like weight gainer and alchohol for as long as it takes to recover if you can and if you take care. damage and problems occur when you abuse the body- like the romans say everything in moderation
none
So whats your question? Maybe you should look in to going on the Jeremy Kyle show.
The Drug and Alcohol Course is one of the many names -- DATA, first time driver course, permit course -- for the Traffic Law and Substance Abuse Education course that is required to complete before you can get a learners permit in Florida. Chances are you completed it when you took drivers ed class, you may want to contact someone at flvs.net to make sure. If not, you may want to look at the site I link to in the source section<SEMCOL> they have good classes and you can pick whichever one you need or want (they offer practice written tests and the like).
Some plans do cover alcohol rehabilitation. However, not all medical professionals consider alcohol as a "disease".
This wont have affected your body - your liver is young and healthy, but you are very wise to discontinue binge drinking, as eventually it will affect you and you might become addicted. Also think about the humiliation you can experience in public when you are out of control. Its better to choose to be in control of yourself and your behaviour than give that control away to a chemical substance.
It wont be easy, if he was to stop altogether with drinking he could die. Its true, it takes time to detox and he needs to seek a professional in order to detox completely off of alcohol. Your friend has a long road ahead of him.
Most people arent addicted, they just drink it in social settings because it makes them feel good. Studies have shown that drinking alcohol in moderation has positive effects on the body.
Different hospitals call it different things. The hospital I currently work at refer to babies with the potential to be born addicted to substances is "ISUM" babies. ISUM - Infants of Substance-Using Mothers As to the person who said "CRACK BABY". You are ignorant. Not all babies born addicted to drugs, for example, are born that way because the mother was "abusing drugs". There are some babies who experience adverse effects because the mother is on drugs for HEALTH REASONS where stopping the drug for the duration of pregnancy would be dangerous. Get educated before you speak.
Go to your nearest GP doctor or hospital to ask bout it. Even though coke is illegal think of the kids if u can last a week with out it u can probably last a year month. Take it step by step. Noel u can do it
They have meetings for codependants. You should attend those and get advice from people that are trying to Fox that about themselves. As for her, she cant get better unless she wants to. Maybe stage an intervention and go to meetings together. My fiance is a recovering addict (3 years clean) and he told mehedidnt want to get better until his family checked him into rehab and he got clean in there . For the first few weeks all he wanted to do was get out. But then he changed his mind once his body was rid of all the drugs. Best thing to do is to talk to someone either together or separately.
Its easier to recover from alcohol then from obesity
Dont drink alone.
Not in the least. First of all most people are not alcoholics but rather drinkers that have alcohol in a different way then judgmental people do. People have long term effects and financial problems whether they drink or not so stop that senseless and baseless way of thinking. They ONLY way alcohol can be a problem is if you abuse it everyday for decades of your lie.
Do not take these together. Benzodiazepines and alcohol are a dangerous combination as they both depress the central nervous system. Combine the two and you risk not waking up in the morning. Dont take the Lorazepam if youre going to drink. Besides that, alcohol causes poor sleep. And before someone argues that they fall asleep great when drunk, your sleep is actually more broken and less restful.
Hi my name is Reggie and I have been clean and sober 30yrs and was a Sub.Abuse Counselor for years. Be very very careful detoxing off alcohol alone. Many many individuals have issues with seizures. BUT if you have xanax you may have some help. Do you plan on getting off the xanax at some point also? You brain is effect the exact same way with alcohol and xanax. SO with that said, you should have no anxiety if you stop the alcohol completely but stay on zoloft and xanax. Much of the anxiety that you experience will be due to stopping the smoking. I would strongly encourage you to use either the patch or the gum. It is never a good idea to stop 2 things at one time. It really is a lot of stress on your brain and body. If you tamper off the cigarettes with the patch it will make the process much either. You dont give your age, but if you are over 40yrs old I would encourage you to get a nice but not expensive Blood Pressure cuff to monitor you BP and heart rate to avoid seizures or worse. I would say if you will continue your zoloft and xanax you should be over the worse of the cold sweats etc in a week or so. Again by staying on xanax and using the patches for your stop smoking plan it will get the same results with less harm to your body. Like I said stay on your xanax and once you have been alcohol free for 10-14 days then consider starting to SLOWLY cut back on xanax. And same with cigarettes, use the patch, and follow the recommendations on the box. You are at an advantage having a script to xanax and zoloft because that will help SO much detoxing. You might let your doctor know what you are doing and see if he will Increase your zoloft for around 30-60 days. Would be more than happy to help you day by day if you would care to log me on MESSENGER or FB. All my information is on ANSWER under my name. Regina Speekman Rightnowar or minpinspeek@yahoo.com. ALso feel free to read previous answers I supply plus my own history. BY the way congratulations on stopping. I always encourage people to attend meetings and at least in the beginning work the steps and obtain a stable sponsor. GOD Bless Reggie
Dont listen to Jonathan! Now youve stopped - Stay stopped! You will be OK in a couple of days.
Check this out, if you were to go get some alcohol and become addicted, you would be replacing one addiction/condition with another. This would be totally counterproductive to your betterment of yourself. So it sounds as if this is another coping strategy (and not a good one).
Its very hard to have a life with an alcoholic. Dont wait 10 or 20 years thinking he will change while you waste away your youth on him. You have been through so much for someone so young and you really dont need an alcoholic husband to add to it. I hope you have other family support in which can offer you help in getting your life straightened out. I dont know if this drinking problem of his has just showed up since Xmas or he has had it off and off for years. There are alcoholics that quit, then drink, then quit, then drink and it goes on like this time and time again as the years go by. Its a very hard life for the loved ones who have to endure this not to mention the poor children it affects also. Your children deserve a happier home than this one will bring the way it is now. You really need to make some hard decisions as to whether or not you really want this man in your life. If I were you, I would at the very least suggest a separation from him until he can get his own life in order and learn how to deal with life sober to be a good husband and father. If he cant do that, then maybe you will have to talk about the big D word so you can find some peace and happiness for yourself. You certainly are not happy like this. I dont know what your financial situation is because that is what stop a lot of young women from getting away from situations like yourself who have small children and now pregnant again. Thats why you need the family support of others who can help if possible. Keep in mind that your husband will also have to pay child support if you do separate. It doesnt sound like he is going to change with his history.
I was married to a man that was an alcoholic. This disease runs in his family. During my marriage to him, he became abusive. It would happen every 3 to 6 months with some type of major ordeal of verbal and physical abuse. I realized that this whole situation was damanging to my son who lived with us My husband was not his father. My husband had two boys that lived with their mother and he had once a month visitations since they lived two hours away. What I saw happening was these children witnessing their fathers irrational behavior. I finally decided to leave him for the childrens sake. I do believe in marriage vowels, you know for better or worse but, one day I realized God did not want me to die from the results of my husbands hands or me killing him in self defense. The end results was that I had to place a permanent restraining order on him. My son lost what he knew as his father and his big brothers. My son has had some serious problems throughout his boyhood and teenage years. Drugs and alcohol use and selling of drugs. Running away from home, to name a few. He straighten his life up though and now he is raising three children on his own because he married someone who had addictions. So, he took after me I guess, taking care of someone who is in need. From what I understand, my step children have had their own issues as well and sadly one took his own life when he was 21 years old. I truly believe much of this has been a direct result of alcoholism in the family. My ex-husband was charged so many times with DUIs that he lost his license. He had life threatening injuries from accidents and long term affects from those injuries. My ex-husband passed away last year from optional surgery that he choose to have done and was a result from a motorcycle accident that he had right after our divorce in 1996 Direct result from dui.
No damage done, and I really dont think you will become addicted from one drink.
Yes. Your mom is what is known as a "functional alcoholic." She can maintain the lifestyle for months or years. But alcoholism is a progressive, fatal disease, it only gets worse, never better, she will get sicker unless she gets into treatment, and abstains from alcohol altogether. (Alcoholics Anonymous has the highest long-term recovery rates.) This is a terrifying thought for an alcoholic, and its the reason they stay in deep denial about being an alcoholic. Its the reason she tries to maintain her exercise routine and job - trying to prove to herself and the rest of the world that she doesnt have a problem - but at this point she needs her job to afford the booze. You could scream the truth at her and she will not hear it. Alcohol has become her best friend, her source of emotional and physical comfort, she is emotionally, spiritually, psychologically and physically addicted and it seems like certain death to quit. Alcoholics in recovery always go through a mourning stage and must grieve the companion called alcohol. It is the nature of addiction.
Depends-- are you a long time alcohol abuser? Upper gastrointestinal bleeding can occur with years of alcohol abuse as a follow on problem from liver damage. Sounds like you need help.
Creating an alcohol dependency to fix an anxiety issue isnt going to solve your problems. It will, in fact, create even more. "My dad is an alcoholic so yeah." -- Which means you have the genetic tendency. Alateen for Teens: http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/for-alate    "Im not into drugs or beer..." -- Its good youre not doing drugs, but dont feel so proud of not drinking beer. Wine has twice the alcohol content that beer has. "... but what choice do I have?" -- You have lots of choices. You just cant see it yet. "I have started cutting myself" -- Your issues go beyond just drinking on school property and they dont stop with just underage drinking. Cutting and other forms of self-injury are ways of relieving stress and anxiety and are often how children with poor parental role models deal with stress. "What will happen if I do get caught ?" -- Keep it up and sooner or later, some one will smell wine on your breath or exuding from your pores. So what happens? Expulsion from school, on your permanent academic record. The rest depends on other factors. The school could prosecute for drinking on school grounds. You could spend time in a juvenile facility, or get 6 months probation for a first time offense or you could just be cited and your parents informed or you could have to attend alcohol education classes and do community service. The school has every right to call the police in on this. And no matter what, your parents will be dragged into the picture. There are a number of possible scenarios and its not possible for me or anyone else to tell you what will happen, only what COULD happen. Bottom line, I dont care how you do it, but save yourself. Speak to your principal, your dean, your counselor, your school nurse, speak to any one of these people and open your heart to him or her. Do this before anything else happens. Get help and dont accept anything less than help. Keep making a fuss until you get what you need. You have a right to happiness. In addition to you getting the psychological and substance abuse help you sorely need, this may also serve to encourage your father to get help with his abuse problem. And this would result in a change in his overall behavior, probably a very good change.
In your luggage is not a problem. In fact it your only option as you can not bring liquids on the plane. (unless purchased after security). Just wrap it well so that it can take the abuse baggage handlers might put it through.
Alcohol is bad for you PERIOD. Im assuming youre young and while this is great and it feels as though you recover fast from a binge on the weekends youre doing damage to your body..Now the tolerance question: If you notice its taking you more and more to get drunk, then your drinking too much too often and youre on the road to addiction. My suggestion is to take a month off. Let your body relax. Heres why...If you stop drinking and your body starts to maybe shake, sweat for no reason you feel stressed out or have anxiety without drinking and all you can do is think about drinking then youre in infancy of becoming an addicted. Anytime your body reacts strangely without something youve been putting into it then its becoming addicted to it. Pay attention to your body as you seem to be aware enough to be doing. You dont want to be an alcoholic, Ive seen what it can do to people and its not pretty...
It is quite common for anyone who has cirrhosis of the liver to have problems with retaining fluid in their abdomen. Cirrhosis occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver not allowing the liver to function right. There is no cure for it other than a liver transplant. As the disease progresses, this accumulation of fluid will get worse and worse and the person can look like they are pregnant and may have to go to the hospital to get the fluid drained which is called "paracentesis." When the liver failure gets to be close to total liver failure, people usually have to get drained routinely since all this extra fluid can squeeze on other vital organs such as the heart and lungs which can be life threatening not to mention quite uncomforable and miserable. Its very sad for your friend since if what you say is true, she is in for a long hard road ahead of her with her drinking. Once symptoms of liver failure start to show up like fluid in the belly, the disease is usually already far advanced and too late to save the liver. This is often times the sad end for people who abuse alcohol long term. Many people do not experience any kind of physical symptoms until the disease is far advanced. I had cirrhosis from an autoimmune disease and had no clue anything was wrong until my liver was already 90% destroyed with scar tissue. No matter what the reason is for having cirrhosis, it pretty much acts the same way. There are many other reasons a person can get it other than abusing alcohol. Thats just one of many. Your friends can be in denial all they want. She will eventually become sick enough to where she will have to face reality, but most likely it will be too late to save her liver. She will need a transplant and it is very hard to get one for an alcoholic. The first requirement is 6 months of detox before they will even begin to consider an alcoholic for one. They will never be able to drink alcohol again in their life and they must prove that they are committed to living a sober life. There are extra requirements for an alcoholic to qualify for a transplant. The sad part is that many times the patient doesnt even have 6 months left before it will kill them Being in denial does that. Her blood work from her doctor would show a problem even if she hides her alcohol addiction well, but who knows if her doctor is giving her any liver function blood work. Abstaining from drinking prior to her doctor visit would not work at hiding a liver problem with the proper blood work.
In theory, you can be charged during any time within the statute of limitations. Generally for misdemeanors the window is 18 months and for felony is 3 years. Regardless, the police and prosecutors must have evidence/proof YOU did a crime before you are charged/ticketed. Under these circumstances, I would GUESS that the cops were only concerned with the DV issue. I doubt you will be charged.
none
Shes probably is bipolar because of so much substance abuse her normal levels of highs and lows are unbalanced because of over indulgence and dependency on alcohol and smoking or theres a good chance she may be manic depressant either way i would not engage in a romantic relationship until she tells you she hands you a print up of her std test from the doctors and you hand her yours. In some cases both are possible to be manic depressant and bipolar but unstable uncontrollable behavior is a sign of other deep rooted issues that are not yet worked out i would sugguest her to have a conselling with you or by herself to see if she thinks she needs assiatance with issues in her life that she feels drinking and smoking help her then her response may tell you if she needs help at all but shell know you see her habbits as something that is out of hand or potentially being out of hand. She may be acting out to depend on you and feels since you helped her before you will continue to help her because you did it before. Some people hurt themself or have nervous breakdowns because they feel it keeps you bound to them or partially responsible for their mental/ social well being. (Ergo) "you " wont let "me" hurt myself because of how much you care about me and if "you" see "me" heading down that path "you" will do or say whatever you feel you have to and continue to "take care/ be that friend" that you were before. A self perpetuating prophecy potentially.
Its Been Awhile and So Far Away by Staind
Some people say its natural to want to alter your consciousness. People have drank and did drugs since the beginning of time. If i were you I would smoke weed and do nothing else. Or maybe drink ever once in awhile
When you are drunk your brain releases different chemicals ( the names of which escape me atm), they make you feel good. You naturally like things that make you feel good correct? also, alcoholics develop a physical dependence on alcohol. Where they actually NEED alcohol not just want or crave it. they can become sick and even die if prevented from drinking if their dependence is bad enough. Self harming can also be addictive. When you injure yourself your body, again, releases endorphins and other such chemicals in your brain. if youve ever gotten a tattoo then you can attest to this. yes the tattoo hurts. but it makes you feel good afterward. Many ppl, i think, are addicted to body modification. like tattoos and piercings, and even things like subdermals and scarification being on the extreme end. What makes drugs addicting? your brain and its many "feel good" chemicals...
Me and my girlfriend are having major relationship issues. There are a lot of underlying problems, little things we have both done wrong in the past but recently Ive become aggressive towards her when highly intoxicated with alcohol (shouting, verbal abuse and hitting walls). Is this down to my loss of inhibitions or am I a horrible person? This has never really happened to me before and I wouldnt consider myself to be an aggressive person at all sober. Im taking actions to stop drinking altogether because Im scared of how I act under the influence. Unfortunately I am surrounded by a drinking culture at university. I feel it may be a result of me bottling up my anger at issues when sober and then allowing all the problems to build up for when Im drunk. Im really worried about it and feel very guilty and like Im a terrible human being constantly. Do I need psychological help? Anybody else had problems like this?0
The best way is by volunteering with an Addiction Centre or Not-for-Profit group aimed at anti-drug Education. High Schools usually will not allow a speaker to come in who does not have some kind of credentials or is not associated with an organization.
Toxicologist.
My wife is allergic to alcohol, so the answer is no as to ALL women.
It should be illegal to all and sundry, to drink. The biggest cause of wife abuse/battering..... in the world. Peace.
Any alcohol is too much as it is a toxin that slowly kills you, unless of course you are consuming the volumes you have listed. In that case, it is a toxin that rapidly kills the person. You do not lose a tolerance, you build one. That level of alcohol abuse suggests someone who has to drink more and more to feel "buzzed" which would indicate that they are reaching dangerous consumption levels. Seek help and treatmeant immediately: And dont drink, its just plain stupid. Ask yourself, would you (your friend) rather have more years on earth, or would you rather waste them away by posioning yourself, I mean you wouldnt drink arsneic right?? right??
Typically, if you HAVE to HAVE alcohol, you are probably on the verge of becoming alcoholic. Your dad may be an alcoholic.
Horror stories are good as it makes the youth aware of what could happen if they go down that path. Its like show and tell. If you show the after pictures of someone who uses ice and then show them the before pictures it should scare them into not using. Now that is not going to work for 100% of people. There will always be some that will use no matter what you do to inform them. I dont know what will make an impact on the youth of today. The answer may even come from someone who has used and has now given up the drugs. To be able to fix any problem you first must know about the problem from the inside. That would mean a user who has first knowledge of why anyone starts using. I dont think anyone outside of that circle will have any idea on what to do. Hopefully sometime in the future the solution will raise its head.
No. People who are going to do it will do it anyway and those that are wise enough to abstain and/or moderate themselves will already be doing it without the shock lectures Its a Government requirement but in all honesty I think having it repeating shoved in your face and hammered into your skull will make you more inclined to do it simply out of irritation and defiance. Its always the families and friends that have the most influence, hearing it from a teacher or even a complete stranger wont usually have that much effect. If people are going to do it then theyll do it once regardless. As a teen I would sneak alcohol and smoke just for the bratty "screw you Ill do what I want" factor. I was so sick the first time that I wouldnt touch alcohol again for a year and never to the same degree<SEMCOL> my parents just told me that it served me right and I would get no sympathy for a self-inflicted ailment. I still had to go to school the next day hungover or not so that I would learn my lesson. As for smoking, I did it once and made myself sick. My friend tried marijuana and being in the same room with the smoke and an open window was enough to warn me off. I never had any inclination to mess with other drugs and that was my parents doing, not the school. My parents were honest with me about the hazards and the reasons why people use the drugs<SEMCOL> they never resorted to scare mongering or shock tactics with extremist cases, only facts and average cases. They trusted that I would be wise enough to make an informed decision if the time ever came. They gave me the knowledge I needed, reassured me that I could come to them openly and they wouldnt react in shock or anger and if I had to experiment then to do it somewhere safe where help was easily on hand should I need it. You need to hear the facts from someone you really know and trust and you need them given to you in a mature and unbiased way. If someone feels they are talk to and respected then they are far more likely to respond positively. If someone feels they are being patronized and talked down to (especially by a stranger) then they are far more likely to react negatively and the school lectures are always biased (for obvious reasons) and very impersonal. A school counselor might be a little better but even then it will depend on the type of people you have and whether or not they can strike an understanding. When I came of age I drank for perhaps a week, the novelty wore off and I never drank again. Even at parties and special events I tend not to drink now<SEMCOL> if I have to partake in a toast then I will raise my glass and take a sip to be polite, then leave it. I dont smoke, I dont drink but I had to try it as a teenage because its part of growing-up and learning. Nothing anyone said was going to change that.
Yes, this is a bad idea and will indeed prove to be another rip-off, just give it time. I do not agree with Toby that it will not affect most people and I think his view on this is naive. Experience shows that taxes tend to start small initially, just to get them introduced. Usually too, they will come with some plausible argument (excuse) that it is just to solve such-and-such a problem, or its only a small levy to pay for so-and-so - its only fair, and its for your own good really. However, they dont stay that way. They are steadily increased and become yet another burden on the population and a device for the government to extract ever more money from. Take National Insurance for instance - introduced to provide benefits and pensions. A few years later, they cut benefits and pensions - but we still pay National Insurance - oh yes. VAT, first introduced at 10%, supposedly for luxury goods, so much was exempted. Now its 20%, and most things are subject to VAT. Income Tax, first introduced to pay for the Napoleonic Wars, and supposedly temporary. Initially it was set at 0.8333% (yes) and only on the highest earners. Are we still paying it? You bet we are, only now it starts at 20% and ranges upwards to 40+% and most of us pay it. History shows we cannot trust the Government on anything, least of all taxes. This is just another of their latest con tricks.
Drug program ? (Drug program deal with alcoholics, drug addicts etc). It also possible theyre unrelated. Or maybe its a medical issue, maybe a doctor is trying to figure out whats wrong w her n is running tests to figure it out
abuse of alcohol is one of the leading reasons or heart damage, be careful.
End stage liver disease: The liver cells became damaged and the immune system responded to this and cause inflammation to develop inside the liver. This caused the liver to enlarge in size and take on a spongy texture. This lead to the liver cells dying off and scar tissue formation inside the liver. The liver starts to shrink in size and takes on a harder texture. The scar tissue prevents the flow of blood going through the liver and back to the heart. The blood backs up into the portal vein, weaker smaller vessels (varies) and also into the spleen (causing it to enlarge in size). The pressure in the portal vein is known as Portal hypertension. The varies can easily break open and cause internal bleeding. They are usually found in the esophagus, belly button area, and rectal area. This is then known as Cirrhosis of the liver. There is no way known to reverse this, it is a progressive...irreversible disease. The doctors can treat the symptoms of this disease and if the alcohol is stopped...they can try to slow the progression down. Ascites is the build up of fluid in the abdominal area which occurs because the liver can no longer produce a protein, known as albumin, which hold fluid inside our vessels. It leaks out and collects in the abdomen and can be removed by a procedure known as paracentesis. Encephalopathy occurs because the liver isnt able to convert the by product of the bodys use of proteins, known as ammonia, into urea. The ammonia stays in the blood and goes into the brain to cause confusion, mental problems, disorientation, sleep pattern changes, and hand tremors. Medication is used to help remove this ammonia, known as Lactulose or Xifaxan. The patient will bleed and bruise very easily because the liver no longer make the clotting factors to help the blood to clot. Transplant Centers now require that patients who are addicted to alcohol to be detoxed for six months under doctor care, before they are referred to them for the evaluation process (seeing many doctors and having much testing done) to be placed on the liver transplant list. A liver transplant cost in the range of $300,000 and up. You are placed on the transplant list according to how much time your doctors feel (by your testing results: blood and biopsy) you have left to live without having a transplant. Those who are the sickest and dont have much time are placed at the top<SEMCOL> the healthier you are...the lower you will be placed on the list. I hope this has been of help to you. LINKS: USC Patients Guide to Liver Transplant Surgery: http://www.surgery.usc.edu/divisions/hep    Transplant Living and Living donations: http://www.transplantliving.org/ Medicine Net: http://www.medicinenet.com/cirrhosis/art    Best doctor to be with is a gastroenterologist or hepatologist. Best test is the liver biopsy Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cirrhosis or http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liver_cirrh   
Firstly, there are different types of alcoholics... from people who simply drink too much to people who are hopelessly addicted. Some drink a little all the time, others binge for days. Bottom line, alcohol is an addictive drug. When you drink alcohol you feel euphoria, you feel relaxed and your inhibitions are lifted. Slowly, over time your body gets used to alcohol, if you regularly drink to excess then your body misses the effects when you are sober. Some alcoholics just need a few drinks to take the edge off, others will start drinking and not stop until they are sick or pass out. They say that withdrawing from alcohol can be more dangerous than withdrawing from heroin, and from experience with a family member, I can well believe that.
need more information to give you a real answer
I think its your minds way of telling you no. I have the same problem, I got into hardcore drugs and was drinking at age 14, started heading down the wrong road and quit everything instantly cuz I was scared. I was close to being that homeless crackhead you see in the ally. Im 20 years old now and I found that if you do a little at a time (weed and drinking, nothing hardcore) and just ease yourself into it you can slowly start to enjoy it and have fun without over doing it. You know what your limit is, dont over step it
a couple of suggestions to attack this. As to the physical therapy, I use a device called the NeckLIne slimmer to strengthen my neck muscles. this help to keep my airway open (I do not use cpap). As to the depression part<SEMCOL> try this group of CAP users...www.cpaptalk.com. Virtually (no pun intended) thousand of ppl there that may have had similar situations (inc. military). Oh, btw, I bought my NeckLine Slimmer on ebay for three bucks.
i had no clue that keith urban had once did cocaine and alchol and i am a pretty big fan of his, but i guess if i had to say probally from just not doing it anymore and i think that maybe a little bit of plastic surgery/botox
I have 2 cousins that were alcoholics and both died before they reached 40. Both were in their late 30s and died of cirrhosis of the liver. I dont think there are many 80 year old surviving alcoholics and if you do find one, I wouldnt be afraid to bet money that they didnt become heavy drinkers until their later years, probably after they retired or became widowers. Sometimes these old guys just start drinking in their older years for one reason or another. Personally speaking, I dont know of any hardcore alcoholics that made it into their 80s. Cirrhosis is a real disease that kills many alcoholics in their 30s, 40s, and 50s. Most do not make it into their elderly years if they started drinking in their late teens and continued to be heavy drinkers. Most of those alcoholics are facing serious liver failure before they reach 60 and most likely even younger than that. My 2 cousins loved their beer more than life itself and left behind young grieving wives and children. Its a very sad and senseless way to die. I had to have a liver transplant myself and you could not imagine the number of younger men (below 60) needing and trying to get transplants due to their alcohol abuse. I would see them at clinic all the time and talk to them. These are the alcoholics who were fighting to stay alive. Many alcoholics do not go that route because its very hard to get a transplant and many either will not or cannot bring themselves to stop drinking which is the first requirement for getting a transplant. They have to put in 6 months of detox before they will even consider them for one. Some dont even have 6 months left to live and they will die. Alcoholism is every bit as bad as people say it is. If you think any different, then you have not seen enough or been around it enough to know any better.
It sounds like youre more a problem drinker than an alcoholic. An alcoholic gets around alcohol and they have to drink. They crave alcohol nonstop and would drink every day all day if they could. You sound like somebody who doesnt necessarily crave alcohol like that but when you do drink youre out getting duis who knows what else and it negatively effects your life. Either way, alcoholic or problem drinker I wouldnt be trying to get back into drinking. I think you have to be honest with yourself, if when you drink it causes big problems in your life moderation may not be for you. Tough to give advice without knowing you. I know my dad was a problem drinker in that he rarely drank but when he did he almost killed himself with alcohol. Getting DUIs, provoking massive fights with his family, embarassing himself. For him there was never a such thing as just having a few beers. If you are like that its good you recognize it as my dad even with a few beers it wasnt making him more social or likable and things would spiral downwards from there.
Its your choice as to whether you let it kill you or not. If you have early signs of liver failure and continue to drink, then you are guaranteed to get more and more damage to your liver until you die. I might add that cirrhosis is not an easy death. Its slow and miserable. I might also add that by the time any physical symptoms show up for liver failure, the disease is usually already far advanced. A transplant is the only thing that will save your life in the later stage of the disease, and they are very hard to get for any alcoholic. The first requirement is 6 months of detox before they will even begin to consider you for one. You need to get help for yourself since most alcoholics cannot stop drinking on their own and need help. They need to find out how to live life sober and how to avoid all the triggers that send them back to drinking if they do manage to stop drinking. There is little to no hope for you to stop drinking if both you and your husband are alcoholics unless both of you are willing to make a complete lifestyle change and be serious about never drinking again. I promise you that it will kill you in time if you are having liver problems now. Its been 2 years since you were told and how many drinks have you drunk since then? More and more scar tissue will form in your liver as you abuse alcohol which means less and less blood will be able to get to the liver making it impossible for the liver to do its job. You do not have enlarged blood cells. You probably have an enlarged liver and an enlarged spleen which is to be expected. As the liver dies more and more, the enlarged liver will start to shrink up and get very small. Your spleen will also enlarge and trap platelets which has to do with your blood clotting like it should. You will bruise easy and your blood will not clot well. You will grow what is called varices inside which are like veins that can be weak and burst. Some alcoholics die from bleeding to death internally when one of these suddenly burst. And lets not forget about the fluid that will collect in your belly to the point of looking 9 months pregnant and having to go to the hospital on a regular basis to get drained or "tapped" as they call it. If the fluid gets bad enough, it will make it very difficult to breathe and actually strangle your other vital organs such as your heart and lungs. Thats why you have to get tapped. I can go on and on with more terrible things that will or might happen, but I think you get somewhat of a picture of what will happen if you dont stop. It doesnt matter when you drink whether it be day or night. Your liver doesnt have a clock in it that makes it better if you drink only at night. Its your body. Its your life. Its your choice. I hope you get the help you need to save your life.
I feel like alcohol is a kind of "drug" just because it impairs your judgment the same way that marijuana or other drugs can. But as Americas past has shown us that creating more laws on alcohol is not always the answer. Just like illegal drugs, alcohol will always be able to be obtained through means other than a store that sells it. Like anything, moderation is the key. Alcohol can be a social lubricant that remains fun and harmless but if abused, it can ruin lives. But even look back into the bible where water is turned to wine. I do not think that greater control should be placed on the sale of alcohol, however, I do believe that some people need to learn how to enjoy things in moderation. But yes that can be much easier said than done.
Im almost 40 and been drinking since I was about 16 or 17. I too am having to, at the very least cut back on my alcohol consumption. Good luck!
Most of it is in your head. You are "feeling" differently, and feelings are never fact. The blood from your nose on the tissue is the only evidence of anything wrong. That comes from abusing the body. Youve already been told that you need to relearn to do things sober, if youve been in rehab. If it doesnt leave marks it never happened. Stay strong.
do not listen to the other guy, there is no way in hell being a crack fiend or a heroin addict is the same as being an alcoholic, if that were the case crack would be legal and sold in stores. crack kills. heroin makes people do crazy things, you couldnt even imagine. your 17? so i doubt your an alky already. but if you are do not let it consume you or college will be rough. but no, if you read the book Crank by ellen hopkins itll show you what a drug addiction will do to a person and how it can ruin the lives of any and everyone they come in contact with alcoholism isnt that bad.
It will amplify the alcohol a little bit and release some toxins that could damage your liver but in small dosage like that.. go party! have fun! They HAVE to tell people about every little risks but it doesnt mean that you should be affraid of all fineprints. Some people are so addicted to everything that they can empty their pharmacy when they need a fix so if something happens, the pharmaceutical companies back themselves up.
People are always looking for a way to handle their problems. Alcohol gives people a high that allows them to conquer all. It is easier than facing their issues. When it comes down to always being in control and zoning out most people prefer to just "relax" and spend a day or just an evening "forgetting for the moment." Soon it is the answer to any problem.
A depressant, but a lot of people mistakenly think that means it causes depression, as in emotional depression. A depressant means that it acts on the central nervous system and will cause relaxation and often a feeling of well being. Abuse of alcohol can cause depression when you wake up hungover and sick. But thats an after affect.
I wouldve answered your questions, if there was like 3 or 4. U pretty much copied and pasted your entire driving test. Youre not gonna get a free ride. Those are all common sense questions. I dont understand why you cant answer them yourself....
It can affect every system in your body.Very hard on the kidneys, liver, brain and stomach. In a teen brain when this is a crucial time of the brains growth it is making more neural connections between the hemispheres alcohol short circuits this from happening and their brains dont make these vital connections to grow and mature. Cirrhosis of the liver is another major danger. Your liver is the bodies toxic dumping ground and does a good job and even can regenerate it self for a while, but after a point it becomes too scared and shuts down and can no longer filter out the toxins. Did you know that alcohol is more dangerous to detox from than heroin. Here is some more information. Alcohol killed Amy Winehouse more than any other substance. http://answers.webmd.com/answers/1177469    http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcoh    http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story   
Im afraid it can. It sounds like your dad has a substance abuse problem, and hes just hitting the age when all that kind of abuse really catches up with you. He should get some advice about quitting - everything. The smoking, the drinking and definitely the drugs. Im sorry you have this worry. He needs a wake up call.
Marijuana has a half-life in your system. How long it takes to leave your system depends on how much you smoke. But the time maxes out at around 45 days. One smoking session for someone with a clean system takes about 3-4 days to be clean. Smoke 2 days later and then have to wait about a week, and so on. The time it will take roughly doubles every time you smoke until it maxes at about 45 days to be clean. So if you are maxed out and you wait about 2 weeks and then smoke again, youre basically back to 45 days. Marijuana can be detected in urine for nearly a week after smoking. Blood tests can be more accurate, and it might take a month to be totally clear. Hair tests show every drug ever taken when that hair was growing - this is why you see so many drug addicts with shaved heads or buzz cuts, by the way. Also by the way: taking laxatives and drinking wacky chemicals wont "cheat" a drug test. It will just make you go to the bathroom! These drug tests are designed by experts who anticipate what the drug user might do. Be very careful of "remedies" for getting around drug tests. They flat out do not work and could do damage to your body.
There are some divisions of Alcoholics Anonymous that are intended to help the families. Call your local AA branch and ask them your question about how to help him. How does he pay for the alcohol? How does he obtain the alcohol? He has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that he has made a free choice to drink his life away, so dont say "he has no control". Of course he does. He knows that alcohol is the poison that robs him of the ordinary things in life. No one pours the alcohol down his throat. You must allow him to take responsibility for his own choices. I am proud of you for being willing to help take care of your father. Being there to make food, clean, do laundry, and watch over him is a wonderful gift you are giving him. I hope AA can give you some answers to your questions of how to help your dad.
Honey, Im a 25 yr. sober alcoholic. Know too well all alcohol can do to a person, also to those who love them. I hurt my now 3 adult children when they were growing up. They are so glad to have their Mom back. Alcoholism IS a disease. An addictive, cunning, progressive, killer disease. IF he doesnt get help, hes just going to keep getting worse as time goes by, that unfortunately I can promise you. Honey, I highly suggest you look up some Alanon mtgs. in your area & GO. They are the very best bunch of folks you could hope to meet. They WILL help you, that I also promise you. My ex husband also is an alcoholic, I went to both AA & Alanon for yrs. AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity!!! Your brother is sick with an addiction that is going to keep getting worse unless he totally stops. Hell just keep hurting you all more & more over time. You must "detach" from him with love. He must get sober on his own. I beg of you to please go to Alanon & get the help you so badly NEED...I SO Do wish you all the best, honey...:)
i think many people find it more socially acceptable because its legal. same as with abortion. but i hate alcohol... always have. i dont like the way it tastes or smells and i hate the effect. its expensive, its addictive, it makes you lose control, and as you said, destroys families and lives, drunk driving, brings out the worst in people big time. it is a HUGE detriment to society, certainly one of the worst. and being drunk is a HORRIBLE feeling. and its sin!! i just dont understand why anyone drinks. i understand some are addicted, but why would anyone ever drink enough to get addicted? ill say it again--i hate alcohol... always have. okay, rant over :).
Alcoholism can definitely affect time perception.
For the worse. The more taken, the more the user becomes dependant and gradually physically, intellectually, emotionally and socially slides down the slippery slope to oblivion, harming all those who care for him/her.
Its really great that you want to help people because of the affects substance misuse has had on you! Like other people suggested, perhaps you may like to be a councellor. There are many private treatement centres in the US and perhaps state outreach projects too! Volunteering is always a great way to gain experince in a field that you are passionate in, you may even find a job through volunteering that you can strive towards. You may find some opertunities here- http://www.nacoa.org/affiliates.html I just wrote the following to the question you wrote about leaving a bad enviroment. I didnt realise that that the question was resolved, but thought my response may still be helpful: You are completely right, it   s very normal to feel strange after you have left an abusive environment. If you think about it like this<SEMCOL> perhaps you   ve been living in a house where you are always on high alert. You   re constantly worrying about the abuser, and constantly treading on egg shells just searching for a solution. When you leave this environment you have a chance to reflect on what   s happened, such as things that have been said, situations where you have been scared. When you lived in the abusive home, there was no time to reflect. You need time to adjust to your new environment, without repressing the past. Face it head on and get the support you deserve. Statistically children who have alcoholic parents are more likely to suffer from depression after they have left the abusive environment. This is why it   s so important to get the right support, so that you can cope with the abuse you have faced in the past. You have been extremely brave dealing with such a circumstance, you really have!! If there are times when you feel like you need to talk to someone, there is a charity called COA (National association for Children of Alcoholics.) They are trained volunteers who offer support to individuals who are dealing with any type of problem concerning alcoholism and abuse. You can contact them on helpline@nacoa.org.uk. They won   t judge you and your correspondence will be completely confidential. You are not alone and none of this is your fault. Like I said before you have been very brave to get through such a situation. The website www.nacoa.org.uk may also be helpful for advice.
Many others think AA is a waste and start drinking again. You can quit for good by yourself if you really want to. Anything that upsets you can and will lead to a relapse. I wont give my number.Join a church for support or a helpline.
This is an uptight sign that is less prone to addiction than other signs. They tend to be very self-conscious about their bodies and can become addicted to working out. Many of them become anorexic or bulimic in an effort to look thin and beautiful. A concern with looking thin can also keep this sign hooked on tobacco.
Does anyone have personal experience? Well, yes, million and millions of people. So whatever you are experiencing is actually quite common. In terms of your drinking, yes it was very heavy, but bad alcoholics can actually have much higher rates of consumption for much longer periods of time. Consequently, if you have stopped on your own, and not had very serious withdrawal symptoms, this might reflect your comparatively shorter duration abuse and milder drinking. Also, if you have gotten to 48 hours without developing serious withdrawal symptoms, you are probably past the worst of it. (Alcohol withdrawal is actually a very serious medical issue, and very bad long term drinkers are often detoxed strapped to the bed in a hospital. Hallucinations and violent behavior are common, and people can actually die. It is much worse than withdrawal from heroin, for example.) The bigger challenge going forward is to restructure your life so that you dont fall back into a heavy drinking pattern. You may want to ask yourself serious questions about what brought on the drinking, what damage it has been doing to your life, and look for ways to avoid the triggers. You should consider finding a support group, or therapy opportunities. Not every alcoholic needs these things, of course, but it is something you should contemplate. Relapses to drinking are a common feature of alcohol addiction, so if you can find an environment and lifestyle - either on your own or with help - that helps prevent that it might keep you moving forwards. HTH.
Yes, alcoholism the disease, appears to have a genetic factor. I understand what you mean by your disclaimer: "No offense to anyone". It is difficult deduce that abuse of alcohol is indicative of moral weakness. Lack of fortitude, courage, strength, responsibility. But see how that works? Those are all subjective value judgments and as alcoholism is classified as a disease. . .that would be no different than saying those with cancer or gout are to blame because they are morally weak. Although there are those who insist that such diseases are a result of offending God (no comment on that!) It IS difficult to stop yourself from auto passing judgment. How do I deal with that in myself? I stop and think. . .only walking in those shoes. . .suffering from alcoholism. . .would allow to pass judgment on those who do. I am not willing to suffer alcoholism. And I recall something I heard somewhere. . . "It is easy to be morally superior about that which does not tempt you."
No you should go to jail for drug abuse. Crack is illegal!
because the system is f*cked
i think alot of people who get addicted to drugs and alchol often have problems that they are trying to block out but i dont think they have a disease no.
You cant fear what you dont think exists. Its kind of like you fearing Santa Claus
the world will be better since there wont be people with bad mouth breath and there wont be idiots in the streets driving a car and killing people and there wont be pointless murders, rape, abuse...etc anyways i know that am saying un-understandable things but the point is the world will be better without them (not 100% or even 50% better but it will be better)
The vast majority of mine did.
Drinking alcohol in moderation does not hurt you and will cause no liver problems. Its when people abuse alcohol drinking heavily for 10+ years that can cause permanent damage to the liver. Its long term alcohol abuse that can cause cirrhosis of the liver to form. Too much alcohol will cause the liver to become inflamed over time. This active inflammation that goes on for years and years can eventually cause scar tissue to form in the liver which replaces healthy tissue. This is called cirrhosis which is permanent damage that never goes away. Its a very slow disease process that takes anywhere from 10 years to decades before it will destroy a liver. Moderate use of alcohol presents no problems but long term alcohol abuse can cause cirrhosis.
Because it gives people more confidence than they would normally have, which is why a majority of people drink it to feel cool or accepted. The people I hate the most are drunk drivers, because they have decided that another humans life is not longer important to them, and they should automatically go to prison, not lose their license for just a year.
Sorry I can understand how terrible things were at home for you. Alcoholism is a disease and needs treatment. But it works faster if the patient cooperates. You are not with your parents that is really good and that gives you opportunity to help them more from outside. Think of your mom, she must get some help too. If possible take your dad to a de-addiction centre and let the doctor treat him. You can take help of police if your father is unwilling to go to a doc. As he is beating your mom, that is reason enough to report him, violence against women (domestic violence) is a recognised crime. So that will make ways to take your dad to hospital or de-addiction centre. The link below tells about steps children can follow to deal with alcoholic and abusive parents: http://www.wikihow.com/Deal-With-an-Alco    but this is more for those who are staying with the parents, you are now out of parents place The link below is a support group, check out, you may get necessary info: http://www.smartrecovery.org/?gclid=CN6C    Best of luck
Yes they do. It is a terrible thing to see your mother like this. She needs help, but she will not accept it until she is ready, usually not until she reaches rock bottom. In the meantime all you can is tell her that you would like her to get help ,to at least think about it and remind her that you love her .In the meantime you should look in al-anon. Its a group for family members of alcoholics and addicts.
Any one who is a liver patient is told, NO alcohol. When the liver cells become damaged, the immune system of the body respond to this and cause inflammation to develop inside the liver. This will cause the liver to enlarge in size and take on a spongy texture. Stopping the alcohol early on, when this occurs, can help to reverse it, as the liver will regenerate new cells to replace the damaged one. However, to start using alcohol again, will make it go the other way and can lead to where the liver cells start to die off and form scar tissue inside the liver. The scar tissue blocks the flow of blood through the liver. It reconstructs the liver inside and the cells, whether regenerated ones or not, will continue to die off. Why? Because of the lack of oxygen and nutrition reaching them. This is Cirrhosis of the liver. The liver shrinks inside and takes on a harder texture...it is dying inside of the living patient. Once the liver is damaged, it may heal to a certain point, but it is not the same as being totally healthy like it once was. Also, certain medications taken with alcohol can cause instant liver cell damage. It is best to not resume back to consuming alcohol. Most all Liver Transplant Centers have a rule that an alcoholic has to be detoxed from alcohol, for a period of six months (under doctors care) before the doctor is allowed to refer them to the Transplant Center for the long evaluation process of being placed on the transplant list. A liver transplant costs in the Range of $300,000 and up. It is not like other surgeries: their is no guarantee that an organ will be available, that it will functions after the transplant, that you wont go into rejection and the cost has to be paid up front (with proof of payment) before you will receive one. Best wishes
Often such people have bad dietary and hygiene habits. The drugs/alcohol dimishes their salivary flow, which is a major protective factor for tooth damage. If they combine this with an erosive drink (like soft drink, soda), their tooth enamel is easily worn away.
Discourage teens to drink? Do you get a lot of wedgies in school? Besides, its not illegal in most states for "minors" to consume alcohol. personally, I think responsibly parents should introduce alcohol to their teens at home responsible as an accompaniment to good food.
Tell a close friend or family, someone who will know what to do and help you out. You are not alone, you are never alone, and dont you forget that. You have friends and family that love you and want to help you. He is verbally and physically abusing you and you need to get out of a situation like that. You dont need to leave your marriage, but you need to leave the situation you are in. Stay at a friends house and go to counselling sessions together, if he does not improve you might want to consider leaving him. Good luck, my friend.
Nope, which is why rehabs are so popular.
Yes. I believe there are already laws pertaining to harming an unborn baby by alcohol (and other drugs) abuse.
Probably. It depends on how much you are drinking. If you drink just one can of beer, then no, you would not be an alcoholic, but if you are getting tipsy and drunk nearly everyday, then you probably have become addicted to alcohol. Why do you want to drink alone in the middle of the day? Doesnt that bring up some red flags to you that you might have a problem and dealing with it by drinking? Stop and get some help for yourself. This kind of behavior is nothing but trouble in your life.
The American drinking laws are as stupid as their war on drugs. They dont work. Im an addictions counsellor and I would never promote drugs or alcohol, but it seems to me that places like Europe are far more advanced in their approach toward drugs and alcohol. I think many Americans try to live in the puritan past. The world has changed. Americans seem to think they can teach their kids how to kill and give them guns, but teaching them how to drink with responsibility is a no no.
False. Every decision, both good and bad, you make affects those around you. Bad desicions, including but not limited to, Drugs and alcohol can affect finances and create problems between family, friends, and the law. Good decisions can help better the lives of people around you.
2:wine 3: alcoholism 6: fetal alcohol syndrome 10: liquor
TELL SOMEONE AT SCHOOL, FRIEND WHOEVER. Your mum should not be treating you like that. It isnt fair on you. Just tell someone so she can go to rehab or something. Its not fair on her and especially not fair on you. Next time she says something to piss you off ignore her. Or say something to end the conversation. With your dog, keep him with you at all times. Good luck :)
I completed my reading at the pet killing and since that is enough to get the person arrested for cruelty to animals go with it. Get a new roommate or better your own place. Alcohol is for those that can handle it and enjoy life not the crapheads that suck the fun from it.
Sonia Sotomayor
Hello, Welcome to Yahoo! Answers. Congrats on your new account and first question, that "pertains" to Travel topic. Selling alcohol in Russia is legal just like it is legal in hundreds of other countries. Exaggerating, distorting and promoting alcohol consumption are attributes of genocidal policy (have been for the last few centuries). Abuse history is another exaggeration, because there are tons of alcohol-related violent crimes in "developed" countries, however no one promotes them as a national mentality characteristic. Even if the government limits or puts a ban on alcohol, people will buy it illegally or start to make their own. In order to fight the problem one needs to fight its reason. Alcohol per se is not a reason. Brainwashing movies, ambient advertising and marketing campaign are. Stop its promotion - people wont buy/consume it.
Nope. Because teaching abstinence only leads to increased rates of teen pregnancy and STDS. Teach the facts. The fully informed facts, and maybe a difference could be made... After all, just look at the places where kids are taught the facts about sex, and how to practice safe sex... they have a low rate of teen pregnancy, and a low rate of STDs. Also, have you noticed how the US having such a high drinking age (21) leads to so much underage drinking? Look at the uk, its legal for teens to buy beer and cider in a pub at 16. Therefore, they are not underage drinking, they are legally buying drinks. And in Australia, 18 year olds can go clubbing, so long as they have some form of ID. But in all, yes, more should be done about smoking. I started at 13, and only managed to quit at 22. :/ I wish Id never started. But, look at films and tv, smoking is such a rarity, not like it was in the 1950s, where everyone and his dog smoked. As for drugs, you need to look into the why of it more. Why are people turning to drugs?
Project X ! Best example there is.. And it is hilaaariouus
Although I am impressed with al lthey have done, and to help you, teach you, that is all very commendable . So good for all of you. Alcoholism is one of the few things that has been proven to be genetic , so my guess is that you would be playing with fire, AND DRAWN to alcohol, like you indicate because of a potential addiction. Yes, I think you are at risk. So do your parents who have been doing everything to teach you that you are . With alcoholism all it would take would be one drink, or an occasional drink to get you hooked, you would then find all the excuses and not see it , like other alcoholics. So, in my opinion, you should stay completely away from it. Just that you are drawn to it, says a lot. Most non alcoholics really could care less. They dont even think about it. Best wishes with your decisions.
Both. There is both a physical and mental addiction for alcoholics. The body will react to not having the alcohol even if the person was unconscious and suddenly quit drinking. The body would still go into withdrawal, even seizures if the detox is really bad. Once they get over the physical addiction, then the hard part is staying sober by dealing with the mental addiction to alcohol. That is really harder than the physical addiction and take more effort. Its a battle that alcoholics deal with for the rest of their life, the mental addiction. The physical addiction only lasts a very short period of time, but remaining sober long term is the really hard thing to do.
if youre not an alcoholic then its just a matter of not drinking. If youre not addicted its a lot easier to quit cold turkey. if you think that it will be more of a struggle then there are plenty of advice groups and services to help you
True. I am a recovering alcoholic with close to 20 years sobriety. During my drinking days, the ONLY concern of mine was how much alcohol I had. If I had money for either food, or alcohol, but not both, I promise you I ALWAYS bought the alcohol---not the food.
Because their lives are too easy.
The liver can actually have a significant amount of damage and the person might never have a clue anything was wrong. By the time any physical symptoms show up for liver failure, the disease is usually already far advanced and too late to save the liver. Your father could eventually be diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver in the future if he continues to abuse alcohol. The time frame for that happening varies quite a bit from one person to another since many factors come into play such as how much he drinks, how often, what he drinks, genetics, how well his body handles alcohol abuse, any other underlying health problems that might contribute to the problem such as maybe a poor diet that can cause the liver to be fatty on top of the alcohol abuse, etc. The experts give an estimate of 10 years of heavy drinking can cause cirrhosis to form, but as I said, this varies quite a bit. I have seen people get it in less than 10 years while others can take decades of drinking before their liver shows signs of failure. Its hard living with an alcoholic. Some people get support through Al Anon which might help you to cope and understand better. There is nothing you can really do to make your father stop drinking if he refuses help. You have to learn how to focus on your own life separate from him and his drinking even though I know that will be very difficult at times. Its sad to watch someone close to you destroy their life and you feel helpless to do anything about it. I hope you have a mother or some other responsible adult that you can talk to and rely on for support in what is happening in your home.
Push him to go to the doctor.He needs it.Just calm down.Different medicines mixed with alcohol can have sideaffects. Just push him to go.
Fatty liver is due to abuse of alcohol. But the others can be due to other reasons also.
Depending on your abuse and addiction level, it can take a long time- I experienced very bad symptoms for about four months. Anxiety, sleeplessness, heart palpitations, panic attacks in my sleep, spaciness and depersonalization, trembling, etc. I thought I was just partying and having fun like everyone else... until it almost killed me. Next week is my eleventh anniversary of sobriety. BQ- Hi: the reason is that alcohol being a central nervous system depressant, your body and brain are in a kind of panic state when deprived of it. Your system has to come back into a healthy balance. There are some great books n the library about alcohols physical/biochemical effects. Its very toxic, dangerous and damaging. When I found out what it does to the heart muscle and brain (aside from the liver and stomach), it was a major factor in helping me to quit. That and being sick in withdrawal for so long. Horrible feeling and showed me it was time to stop.
It could be a side effect of long term alcohol use, but there are several things that can cause pins and needle sensations. Go see your primary care doctor (or a clinic). One of the most common causes is from diabetes, but even a B12 deficiency can cause this. They can do some simple blood tests to determine whether you have an underlying medical condition. It might be a simple fix, plus, you want to treat any problems so the numbness doesnt progress. Good for you for quitting drinking!
Intervention Seriously Before he dies of alcohol
I was addicted to alcohol, well, I still am if I open a bottle, and became emotionally addicted to it almost immediately but didnt see it at that time. The physical addiction also took hold at some point, I speculate when my tolerance had reached the degree that I drank heavily every day for months on end. I dont know that there is an official time of use where it goes from use to abuse to addiction. Usually when someone questions their use of it it is a symptom of problems.
There are many reasons. Four I can think of are: 1) Group behavior/ Social norms - Many people take drugs/alcohol and consume to much drugs/alcohol because they feel left out if everyone else is and they are not. No-one wants to feel left out. 2) Inability to cope with life - when things get tough some people just dont have a sufficient coping mechanism. Some people can cope with stress better than others. The others sometimes use drugs/alcohol to help them forget about their problems or experience a state were they are just not thinking about them anymore. 3) Inheritance and learned behavior - Addiction to certain types of drugs and to alcohol can actually be inherited from your parents. Also, if you grew up in a household where doing drugs/drinking alcohol is normal practice and encourage, you will see it as normal behavior. 4) Rebellion - Some people, particularly teenagers, will simply do something because they are told not to. This could be as a way of rebelling from authority because (a) they want to establish their own identities or (b) their friends think its cool (again see 1). Most people just really dont think about the consequences or think ahead, think theyre immune or simply think that the advantages outweigh the consequences (whats a hangover or the possibility of becoming an addict if I can forger that my life sucks or brag about how pissed I was the night before to my friends?)
First and foremost, the feelings you are having are completely normal for your age and situation. I know saying that does little to alleviate the distress you are feeling but keep it in mind. Your home environment is something I come into contact with quite often and is not at all uncommon. It is normal for adolescents to feel guilt due to the fact that their parent(s) or guardian(s) are providing everything for them. It is also not uncommon for those same adolescents to assume blame for any problems which may arise for either individual parent or the relationship between both parents. This is especially apparent in families where addiction/alcoholism is a factor, as well as families that are experiencing any kind of chronic illness such as Leukemia, Cancer, etc. Alcoholism is a very painful and destructive disease for everyone involved. The feelings you are describing are brought on in most cases by the absolute helplessness someone can feel if they are closely related to someone with the disease of addiction. You have already tried an intervention and likely many more things before that to help your father. After even a short time the frustration and feelings of personal failure over these actions can build up and even lead to serious depression. Many times people who are either romantically involved or closely related to an addict will eventually leave that person or distance themselves from them completely once they realize that they cannot actually make this person stop drinking or abusing drugs. I am definitely not saying this is the answer, but I believe that not having this as a viable option in your mind may be causing even further turmoil because it creates an environment where you feel trapped. Some feel they must help the addict at all costs and if they are unable to help them, and in turn unable to remove themselves from the situation, then they have failed. These feelings of failure lead to lower self-esteem which in turn leads you to believe that you are part of the problem. The good news is that you are NOT part of the problem. In fact it sounds like you are doing everything in your power to help already. You are in no way responsible for any part of your fathers alcoholism. Many times addicts will take out their own frustration on those around them, and the easiest ones to hurt are those closest to you, the ones you love. You must understand that those afflicted with the disease of addiction are self-destructive, and hate themselves more than anyone else. Because of this they cannot fully engage in a loving relationship of any kind until they learn to love themselves, which is a very difficult process for some people. It is also important to know that no matter how much everyone else wants an addict/alcoholic to stop they will not stop until they have hit a personal bottom of some kind and make the decision to stop on their own. I have spent a lot of time researching the psychological side of addiction and the disease manifests itself differently on a personal level for every addict. Because the disease is part of their own psyche it therefore knows everything about them and will use this information to rationalize nearly any scenario in order to obtain what it needs. The disease is also progressive which means as time passes it will need more and more of the substance to produce the same effect. This elevated tolerance creates further desperation for the addict and thus causes them to carry out behavior that gets increasingly destructive and dangerous to get what they need. The problem here is that addiction as a disease will never get what it needs. The addict is seeking happiness, love, or simple feelings of normality (removal of anxiety, ability to be productive) from external stimuli such as drugs or alcohol instead of finding it inside their own heart. As they say, one is too many and a thousand is never enough. Generally, for an addict, when the pain of remaining the same becomes greater than their fear of change they will do something different. In closing, you are doing the right things from what I see. I think you should definitely get a job and drivers license because these things will not only boost your self-esteem but will also create a healthy way for you to divert your focus onto other things part of the time. Almost a third of alcoholics have at least one parent who is or was an active alcoholic. Alcoholism is also hereditary, leaving children of alcoholics at a greater risk to become alcoholics themselves. If you, however, channel these feelings of helplessness, guilt, and fear in a positive manner (such as a job, hobbies, etc) it is likely you will being to feel better about yourself and be able to deal with your home situation easier. Just remember that there is hope for anyone suffering from addiction but it can indeed be a long and arduous journey to recovery.
There is evidence that it DOES "weaken your mind". It has been shown to knock a fair number of points of peoples IQs. Of course, there are others who dispute the findings - but not with counter-data, just the fact that they are pro-cannabis in the first place. (Ive noticed that most addicts have a serious attitude problem right from the start - perhaps they should maybe see that as a warning, not plus sign). From your question, it would appear that YOU are a drug user, too. So youre bound to be biased in your approach to any data that are presented. It doesnt matter that people drink alcohol. It would be a petty and childish world if we tried to ban things like alcohol just because all the neo-hippies are angry that cannabis is banned. It would be like banning orange juice because cocaine is illegal - absolutely no connection, just a childish tit-for-tat swipe by the crack addicts. ____________ Nobody is denying that cannabis and its ingredients have possible medicinal value, but that doesnt mean that every juvenile delinquent out there should be allowed to play with it like it was a Gameboy. Apart from the evidence that the IQs of juvenile users is impaired through using it, there is also strong evidence that it leads to schizophrenia and other psychoses: http://www.schizophrenia.com/prevention/    You run the same risks of developing cancer as you do with smoking cigarettes: http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-    It DOES impair memory and learning capacity - therefore it damages the brain: http://www.medicaldaily.com/articles/114    And so on - and all this applies to MODERATE/INFREQUENT use as well as HEAVY use. So trying to draw comparisons with the completely unrelated issue of alcohol is pointless. Furthermore, the little potheads out there need to learn the difference between "addiction" and "dependence" - some people would become dependent on a slice of bread if you let them, and the problem would lie with them, not the bread. In any case, if someone had a major alcohol problem (or if they were plastered already), they would get rejected at interviews. If it was discovered later on, unless they got help then they would lose their jobs (or maybe just get fired on the spot in many cases). It is illegal to drive or do lots of other things under the influence of alcohol. So alcohol hardly has the easy ride the druggies are rattling on about.
Cola does not cause liver failure or give you liver disease. You probably killed off some of your liver cells for good. Drinking alcohol and taking tylenol can cause liver cells to instantly die. The liver can take quite a lot of abuse before liver failure will show up. I had no clue at all that anything was wrong with mine until it was already 90% destroyed with scar tissue (cirrhosis) and only 10% function left. Thats when physical symptoms finally appeared, and by then I had to get a transplant to stay alive. I dont know if you are trying to kill your liver or not, but you are giving it a good shot. Keep it up and you might get to have the fun of getting a transplant too, that is, if they will give you one. I was in the hospital on a ventilator breathing for me for over 2 months and it nearly killed me. I dont think I would ever be able to go through that again and might choose death instead. Something to look forward to, right?
I know its difficult to watch your mother engage in what appears to be self-destructive behavior, but the only one that can convince her that she might need help, is her. Its sort of described as a "problem" if it affects your day-to-day activities, but until she realizes that it does, there isnt much you can do except have a heart-to-heart talk with her. Also, you want to contact an Ala-Teen (if you are over 11) or Al-Anon (if you are over 18) meeting in your area. These meetings teach those affected by family members (who are drinking) to distance themselves from the problems while remaining supportive of loved ones. Once mom decides whether or not she needs help, AA is always there for her. In the meantime, if shes physically or verbally abusive to you, thats not good, either. If you feel you are being neglected or abused, contact the police. Or, seek out your doctor and ask for help.
Just tell him exactly what you wrote here... thats a perfect way to confront him about it. But it sounds to me like he really meant what he said, hes not gonna beat you, he didnt beat you, and if he does then you have a real problem (but you dont). However dont think its ok to hide from him that you were really so scared of him that night and are still kind of shaken, talk to him about this and tell him just about precisely what you wrote in here! its perfect! hell understand!
Its kind of a yes and no answer. (Im a substance abuse counselor). Your mention of diabetes is a very good comparison, as long as youre using Type A (the kind people are born with). Type B can be brought on my bad habits, and this is not true of alcoholism. Nobody has ever become an alcoholic by drinking too much. Instead, its a complex genetic issue that relates to HOW your body adapts to alcohol. So no, its not their fault they have it. And later in the disease, its very common for an alcoholic who hasnt had a drink yet that day to start going into withdrawal. When this happens, its not a choice - every cell in their body is screaming for alcohol and it goes beyond craving...they have to have it. But, like you say, none of this releases them from their responsibility to treat this disease they have. The treatment for alcoholism is to not drink, but this doesnt come naturally to them. They need medical help through withdrawal, and then ongoing support to learn to live sober. Thats why rehab, AA, etc are all options for them. And thats another comparison to diabetes Type A. Its not their fault they have it, but they do need to treat it (mainly diet and insulin). And if they go into a sugar coma, they cant blame the disease They need to blame themselves and their choices.
Check out some teen AA meetings. Many of us alcoholics started at around your age and younger (for me as well). If you can nip this thing in the bud now you may have a decent life in front of you without all the self loathing and heartache. The effects of alcoholism is just devastating and so many dont ever come out of it. Its hard to explain but I would never ever wish it on you. Why are you so self destructive? Is someone in your family an addict or alcoholic? Your odds of being one yourself goes up to 50%. If you also have been through some sort of unresolved trauma in your life than your odds go up to %75. I do know that most meetings I attend there are only about 10% who just liked doing drugs and alcohol and hadnt come from sort of abuse or trauma or had alcoholism in their genes. Do your parents drink? No need to answer. Just some things to look into on your end. Its your own personal business obviously. Here is a helpful website where you can practice interacting with people who may seem freakish to you but you may find some things in common with our defects as well as our gifts: passionate, perfectionists, idealistic, unworthy, low self esteem, highly creative, shy, introverted or suspicious, doesnt trust easily, can be a loner, strong work ethic, doesnt ask for help, burns both ends of the candle or falls into deep depressions, etc. etc.
Your father needs to have some testing done such as a CT scan or ultrasound to find out if he has liver damage. A biopsy is the best test possible to really show what is going on and the amount of damage present. Your dad could have cirrhosis which occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver. Your fathers long term alcoholism can cause this to happen over many years of drinking which caused active inflammation in the liver which can eventually lead to cirrhosis over time. He is showing some signs of liver failure. By the time physical symptoms of liver failure show up, the disease is usually already far advanced. A person with cirrhosis can have good and bad days. His days of sleeping and slurred speech if it is not from his drinking could be due to having high ammonia levels if his liver is not working right. This is common in people who have cirrhosis. It can make them feel just blah. They can become confused, have memory loss, behavior problems, etc. High ammonia levels cause a condition called encephalopathy. He needs his ammonia levels checked which can be done with a simple blood draw. His ups and downs could also be caused by his drinking off and on. When he drinks it will have an effect on an already damaged liver since its a toxin which could make his symptoms worsen. Then if he quits for awhile, there might be an improvement. One thing is for certain which is that if he continues to drink, it will definitely be his death sentence. If he is in the advanced stage of liver failure, then it will progress to total failure over time no matter what he does to stop it. All drinking will do at that point is make death come faster. This is often times the sad end to long term alcoholism. Alcoholics can get liver transplants in some circumstances but there are extra requirements for them in order to get one and its a difficult and hard road to getting one. The first requirement is 6 months of detox (sobriety) before they will even begin to consider them for one. If your father is not interested in changing his lifestyle completely, there is no hope of him ever getting a transplant. They dont accept someone cutting down on drinking or missing a few days. The person must understand that they have to be sober all the time and will never be able to drink alcohol again for the rest of their life.
Because, in my own cowardly reasoning, Id hate to get addicted and start spending all my money on it. I dont judge people who do any of those things<SEMCOL> I just know with my personality that if I got involved, Id end up worse for wear.
none
Hi Im Jacob, 18, and I was in the same boat as you were a few months ago. I would drink every weekend and sometimes even more. I stopped drinking after New Years when I got totally twisted. It ended up with me sitting on my friends room trying not to puke everywhere. The truth is I felt like I was going to die and it shed new light on drinking for me. Now that I dont drink anymore I feel better about myself I dont feel so nervous and Im not depressed. Alcohol is a depressant believe it or not it can give you anxiety and a feeling of unrest(being tired alot). Now too answer your question directly, stop drinking now its alot easier than you think, trust me. After a week there is no more physical addiction for alcohol its all just psychological. Get a hobby or something to keep your mind off of it mine is video games. You might be a little grumpy and jumpy for awhile its fine itll definitely pass. To summarize you have both a physical and a mental(bigger) addiction to alchohol. It is a vicious cycle thatll wear you down with time. It could take from a week to a month to feel like you dont need to hit the bottle. Yes your anxiety level will go down, youll feel more energized, and youll be a happier person. Hope to have helped best wishes. DF
Interesting question! I dont know if an expert in the field would label you an alcoholic since you have never abused alcohol nor consumed too much. However, you are wise to recognize your potential to become an alcoholic. A family history of alcoholism<SEMCOL> addictive personality<SEMCOL> and your urge to drink are all red flags that you could become a serious abuser of alcohol. The smart thing would be to avoid drinking altogether -- and definitely avoid alcohol at your age. At 17, your brain is not fully matured and the effects of alcohol on a young brain make one even more likely to become a problem drinker. Follow your instincts and avoid alcohol.
Anyone who tells you that reporting people who sell alcohol to minors will reduce the problems of underage drinking is a fool. Underage kids will always find a way to get alcohol (or drugs, which are sometimes easier to get.) Im sure people are telling you that you should have lied because it caused a lot of problems in the lives of the two people who are involved. Im guessing both the underage associate and the one who purchased the alcohol are in trouble with the law, maybe serious, and have lost their jobs. That sucks, plain and simple. People around you who know these people probably see them as good people who just happened to get caught doing something totally normal. I know I had a whole bunch of people buy alcohol for me when I was underage - I also bought alcohol for my fair share of underage drinkers after I turned 21. In none of these situations did I feel like a total criminal, dealing drugs in the school parking lot or something like that. In any of these situations I would have been pretty upset to be caught and charged with a crime that would be on my record for the rest of my life, but those are the chances we take when we do something illegal, even if it doesnt feel especially wrong. I think what you did here was not champion a good fight or the just cause of stopping underage drinking. You protected yourself, and theres nothing wrong with that. If the incident was on camera and it was obvious that you were a witness, your name and character are on the line. We also, as a society, somewhat value the virtuous neighbor. Do you remember the Jerry Sandusky case? How many people looked away rather than reporting the sex abuse? How about the show "What would you do?" where they feature people witnessing injustice who are applauded for standing up for whats right. What was right here was the law that says people under 21 are not allowed to drink. I know I walk a fine line when I say I (personally) *might* have looked away on this one. What if the kid got alcohol poisoning? Got in the car? There are any number of terrible outcomes possible, but the most likely terrible outcome is a criminal record for two kids who arent particularly criminal. Dont beat yourself up about it, and if anyone asks you just tell them to stuff it. You made your best decision in a difficult situation that the two people who made the choice to do this put you in.
From mental health point of view alcoholism problem itself is a serious issue. You see our mind can do lot of such wonders. Mind is a divine workshop. At the same time, mind can also be utilized as a devils workshop. It is all left to the sweet-will and choice of the individual. Use your ingenuity and intellectual brilliance and select the best course that suits your comforts, conveniences and future prospects also. There is no hard and fast rule. You are free to frame your own set or rules and procedures. Strictly try to follow them. Always ensure good and robust health. Health is wealth. A sound mind in a sound body is a must for every person. Be aware of this fact. My sincere advice is that you should never try to unsettle your mind while considering critical issues like this and get utterly confused. It may mislead you to some other wrong direction.
If it exists, it is a substance. While not an illegal drug, alcohol IS legally a drug.
In Australia alcohol is basically free. People are paid not to work, alcohol is cheap and freely available, and we have a culture which encourages people to abuse it. The effects of that are devastating, though all too conveniently swept under the carpet. .
Alcohol is proven to be addictive "mentally" while weed has not. However, there are a few cases when people become addicted to the "high" feeling they get after using weed. This does not mean the people were addicted to weed itself though. My answer is alcohol.
Yes it most definitely can with no doubt about it, the website in my sources backs what Im saying.
none
Well look it up, dude! I aint doing your research for you.
When someone develops liver disease, they may not experience any signs or symptoms. Only tiredness. It isnt until the liver cells become so damaged and are unable to perform certain functions that the sign of Jaundice (the yellowing of the whites of the eye and skin) would appear and in some patients this may not occur until advanced stages. If he is upfront with the doctor about his alcohol, the doctor will perform blood testing: 1) the liver enzymes (the liver cells make enzymes and if they become damaged, the enzymes will leak out of the cells and go higher on the blood testing report) 2) the liver function blood tests which will give the doctor an idea of how well the liver cells are still able to perform some of the 500 plus functions they do. 3) the liver viral blood tests to check and see if a virus has entered the body and is using the liver cells to replicate itself (like the Hepatitis A,B,C,ETC virus) All blood testing is just one needle stick. He may also examine his abdomen by placing his hand in the upper right hand quadrant of the abdomen and push up under the rib cage. He may also do this on the other side,also. He is checking to see if he can feel the very very lowest part of the liver. Sometimes they can feel the enlargement of the liver if the immune system of the body has responded to liver cell damage and cause inflammation to develop in the liver of which the liver would enlarge in size. The spleen on the other side can also enlarge. If the doctor sees that the blood testing results are out of range of what is considered to be normal<SEMCOL> he may then proceed to having an ultrasound done or Ct scan so he can look at the liver/biliary area directly. This would confirm liver damage, enlargement of the liver, any growth or tumors, and more. If alcohol consumption is the cause of this...he will be told, "no Alcohol" from then on. If caught early enough and the alcohol is stopped and the inflammation is treated... there is a chance for reversal of the disease. However, if the inflammation continues on the liver and alcohol is not stopped... it will progress to Cirrhosis of the liver of which there is nothing the doctors can do and it leads to a liver transplantation, ""if he could have one. A liver transplant costs in the range of $300,000 and up. Without this blood testing, his on and off drinking cannot tell the whole story of how his liver may be functioning. He should be under doctors care if he tries to detox from alcohol consumption. It can be quite dangerous to do this on his own. The doctors have medications that help to lessen the side effects of coming off this drug and also monitor his body so that they are sure his body can handle the process of doing this. Also, most Transplant centers require doctors care for six month of detox prior to being referred to them for transplantation. BEst wishes
Alcohol can cause liver cell damage in different ways: 1) overconsuming alcohol in a short time period doesnt give the liver cells time to make the necessary enzymes to process this drug. Not processed completely [from Alcohol to acetaldehyde to acetate and then to carbon dioxide and water], means it can become toxic to the liver cells themselves. 2) consuming alcohol over long time periods can lead to the build up of fat inside the liver. The fat causes pressure in the liver which can damage the liver cells. 3) some people are more sensitive to or are allergic to alcohol. Those are more likely to develop a liver problem much sooner 4) taking alcohol with medications can cause an interaction between the two or the liver isnt able to process them both together. When the liver cells become damaged, it is true that the liver tries to regenerate new cells to replace the dead or damaged ones. The immune system of the body will respond to this. When it does, it causes inflammation to develop inside the liver which causes the liver to enlarge in size and take on a spongy texture. So, up to this point, if the patient stops the consumption of alcohol (and never returns to it), in time the liver cells will be replaced and the patient could be cured. However, if alcohol is still consumed and not stopped and the inflammation ((which is known as Hepatitis) is not treated, it can lead to where the liver cells die off and form scar tissue inside the liver. This scar tissue cannot be removed from the liver and it will start to block the flow of blood through the liver and throughout the liver and more cells will continue to die off... this is then known as the Progressive disease of Cirrhosis of the liver. I hope this information has been of some help to you. It really depends on how the person own liver can handle the processing of this drug. Best wishes
Some people become dependent because they are self-treating for mental illness such as depression. It is known that there is an inherited gene in some families which makes addiction that much more common.
none
If you think you might be an alcoholic, you are. People who arent alcoholics never worry about it. Your husband probably wont change. He abused you before, he will again. Feeling guilty is a very useless emotion. Dont feel guilty, DO something about it. Make it right, in your own mind, by becoming a better person, if thats what it takes. Be kinder to others, volunteer, make the world a better place and above all, stop wallowing in self-pity. I know that sounds harsh, but thats what you need to do. You need to straighten out your life. First, stop drinking. Period. Never, ever have another drink. Next, see a marriage counselor with your husband. If he wont go, go without him. Or leave him. Good luck.
It is obvious marijuana will become legal in most states over the next several years -- eventually all states will cave in given time. The movement has started and will be hard to stop. If I only enjoyed marijuana, oh well -- Im happy for all the millions who do. This is an age old argument and it has no logical answer. It is simply a result of our failed "War on Drugs" policy that started, I believe, with President Nixon 42 years ago. When we criminalized all recreational drugs, and then stiffened and created harsh penalties for the use, possession, etc of these substances. Most of which are safer than Alcohol and Tobacco on the body. Over the 80s and 90s and even 2000 to present these drug laws have become more and more punitive in nature (strict, overly punitive) despite the obvious growing disdain for our continued effort in this expensive war on "drugs" while we are in dire trouble with our national debt, spending, social security, and on and on. People are beginning to not blindly follow the government quite as much as they did in the 70s, 80s and 90s - 00s -- Further Generation X and Y are growing up -- and while not in most federal elected positions, are closing in -- and certainly can vote. The younger generation with some of Americas general disapproval for concentration on something like a war on drugs when we have much bigger problems is causing a paradigm shift. Marijuana, imo, has already broken the threshold to be legalized in the near future in the US, and as such be developed, taxed and so forth as Alcohol and Tobacco are. I only hope that our war on drugs will follow suit and it wont just be adding Marijuana to the legal list and still punishing people for prescription pills and other invasion of personal civil liberties of non violence. Again back to your question - Marijuana is well on its way. Now lets apply this question to other substances.. Alcohol is more destructive than just about every drug out there.. aside from perhaps Crystal meth -- If drugs were, as a whole, decriminalized -- the cartels and black markets would lose their market -- you could get them legally, and the taboo which creates a mystique of temptation to try and take them will be severely diminished. It will just be another product in the store like, alcohol and tobacco. I think many people will be surprised at what people would do over the long term if all major substances were in gas stations and other stores of pharmaceutical quality, required age of 21 but otherwise legal. People arent going to suddenly stop working and go out shooting heroin and cocaine because it is no longer a felony -- A lot of people really, honestly, think this type of behavior would happen if we ended our war on drugs -- that people would go crazy and everyone would start doing hard core drugs. The law is a deterrent, but trust me -- when people want to try something they generally DO IT regardless of the law when it comes to ingesting a substance. Those who are addicts will become so regardless. I feel we have our hands over our eyes and ears and are saying the same mantra over and over of hard on drugs, and other BS politics that accomplishes nothing. Frustrating it is,..
I would encourage you to contact the Gideons International who could share with you many testimonies of how leaving their free Bibles in Hotels, Hospitals etc has saved alcoholics from utter despair and even suicide. Secondly, I would refer you to this hard-hitting text in 2 Peter 
Yes. Im in the same boat as you. I also have depression and anxiety, which has led to using alcohol to cope. The more I drank, the more depressed I would be, and the more depressed I was the more I drank. Alcoholism is not about how often you drink, but how you act, and how you can handle drinking. Blacking out is a major sign of alcohol abuse. I would only drink about 3 times a month also, but when I start drinking it is difficult for me to stop myself which usually leads me to blacking out and feeling guilty the next day, and not remembering if I did anything I should regret. People who can drink socially dont have these problems with alcohol. Im still struggling, but Im also in a Youth Substance Abuse program, which is pretty helpful. Look up your local YMCA for any free programs. Its a relief to have someone to talk to. If you ever want to talk you can email me too.
Please bring your girlfriend to an Al-Anon meeting. This is an organization working in tandem with AA and is for families of alcoholics. Everyone there either has or had someone they love addicted to alcohol or drugs. They may be able to help your girlfriend and you understand what it takes to stop enabling and truly help the alcoholic. Your girlfriend and you both need to learn how to live your lives without allowing this adult child to ruin what you have together. Look them up for a meeting near you. Best of luck.
If your that scared then leave him. No woman should have to go through that kind of pain and suffering
The courts always want to side with the mother no matter what. Its unfair for us but its true. However I think in this instance I think they are realistic expectations. With documented drug/alcohol abuse issues and if they hear from the children you should have a decent shot. However be prepared for her to play the reformed angel card.
Ill tell you, I abused alcohol for many years, self-medicating my anxieties and depressions. While it seems to provide temporary relief it creates a paradoxical effect, where the issues only return stronger than they were before. It is only an illusion that it is helping for a few hours...the problems return in ways worse than they were, only you dont really notice at the time.
I would suspect most people would just give it up because it would become so expensive - then you have less revenue coming in. Or else people would just start spending everything they have to keep their addiction going - just like drug addicts - and youd essentially destroy more lives than you would help.
Alcohols withdrawal symptoms are horrible but people dont get hooked on it that easy. It also takes a fairly long time of being constantly drunk to become physically addicted (which most people find uncomfortable). People seem to use it as a party drug and not something to be on all day. Thats probably why its not considered a hard drug although it definitely takes a toll on the body more than most other drugs. Hard drugs I would say are ones that overwhelm the user with euphoria that they want to keep chasing all day and every day, and have a horrible crash. (heroin, cocaine, meth) These drugs are much more psychologically and physically addicting than booze.
none
There is no medicine to cure alcoholics. There are some prescription meds that claim to reduce urges, such as Campril, but the person must work a recovery program in addition to taking it. It would not be helpful to slip it to them unknowingly. There is also Antabuse, which makes the person violently ill if they drink alcohol. It is very dangerous to give this to an alcoholic without their knowledge. There are documented cases where a desperate family member gave this drug secretly to a drinker to try to make them stop. Taking Antabuse and then drinking can be life threatening.
It is possible to have cirrhosis and the liver function tests be normal or close to normal even though that is very rare to occur. I had cirrhosis and received a liver transplant. When I was really at my worst while waiting on a transplant, my liver enzymes were only slightly elevated at times and close to normal. Even when I had no idea of what was wrong and went to the hospital before I was diagnosed with cirrhosis, the doctors ruled out liver disease because my liver function blood work was only slightly elevated. I was misdiagnosed with cancer at first until an oncologist figured out I had cirrhosis instead. A liver specialist even told me once that sometimes the liver numbers will normalize over time even when there is significant damage and cirrhosis present in some people. Mine used to actually go up and down a lot. Even though the liver function blood work might not be that out of whack, there are other tell tell blood work that will point to it being liver failure when its all put together like putting together pieces of a puzzle. The platelets are usually always low when someone has cirrhosis because the spleen becomes enlarged and traps them. Blood clotting time will often be slow. The liver itself can actually be enlarged or small and shrunken up with cirrhosis. It starts out being enlarged, but shrinks and gets small as it dies from the disease. The biliruben levels are usually always high with cirrhosis. I have never seen it any other way that the biliruben was above normal and platelets below normal with anyone who had significant liver damage.
Yes. " Alcohol abuse is a significant problem among young people and a solution needs to be found. This page evaluates prevention programs and identifies effective and ineffective ways to reduce drinking problems among young people, especially high school, college, and university students. The best preventive measures are often the easiest and most economical and can be easily implemented by parents and educators."
none
They are under supervision and in a treatment program. If you come to work stoned you are not in a treatment program. They are trying to improve themselves, you are just a dope head acting out.
These are all symptoms of depression. Sadly, also growing close to the dangerous level. Talk to him. Find out what he wants to do with himself. He seems heartbroken of life in general. There are groups you can look into but admitting that to him can make things worse. Just talk to him to see if you can find the source of this depression and work from there.
Here this is what I research: Doctors and pharmacists are constantly warning patients with epilepsy about the effects of alcohol. If you have epilepsy, alcohol consumption can have serious consequences. Although moderate alcohol consumption is not associated with increased seizure activity, binge drinking and alcohol withdrawal can cause seizures and even status epilepticus, a serious and potentially fatal condition. Most people with epilepsy are told to abstain from alcohol, and they are less likely than the general population to use or abuse alcohol. In small amounts, alcohol does not cause seizures. A drink or two now and then does not increase seizure activity. Nor does it alter the amounts of seizure medicines in your blood or change findings on EEG studies. When alcohol is related to seizures, it has been found that it is nearly always the state of alcohol withdrawal that aggravates seizures, rather than drinking itself. Your risk of seizures may be much higher after consuming three or more alcoholic beverages. These alcohol withdrawal seizures may begin between 6 and 72 hours after you stop drinking. Studies suggest that alcohol withdrawal seizures most often occur 7 or 8 hours after heavy or prolonged drinking has stopped. Seizure medicines can seriously lower your tolerance for alcohol, so the immediate effects of alcohol consumption are greater. The rate of intoxication is far higher among people taking seizure medicines. Rapid intoxication is extremely problematic because many of the side effects of these medicines, which can be made worse by alcohol, are similar to the acute effects of alcohol itself. If you are sensitive to the adverse effects of alcohol or seizure medicines, you may find the combination especially troublesome. For example, the side effects of Tegretol (carbamazepine), including dizziness, drowsiness, and headache, could be enhanced by alcohol. Combining those effects with the adverse effects of alcohol, including slurred speech, unsteadiness, dizziness, and fatigue, can be extremely dangerous. Alcoholism, or chronic abuse of alcohol, has been shown in recent studies to be associated with the development of epilepsy in some people. These experiments suggest that repeated alcohol withdrawal seizures may make the brain more excitable. Thus, people who have experienced seizures provoked by binge drinking may begin to experience unprovoked epileptic seizures ("alcoholic epilepsy") regardless of alcohol consumption. What effect does alcohol have on seizures? In small to moderate amounts, alcohol actually has properties to counteract seizures, but it should never be consumed in the hope of controlling seizures. Alcohol does not often provoke seizures while the person is drinking but it may cause "withdrawal" seizures 6 to 72 hours later, after drinking has stopped. Withdrawal seizures are most common among persons who have abused alcohol for years. When alcohol consumption is stopped suddenly or is markedly reduced over a short period of time, a seizure may occur. This is an example of provoked seizures rather than true epilepsy. Long-standing alcohol abuse can increase a persons risk of developing epilepsy. Many persons with epilepsy are at a markedly increased risk of seizures after consuming three or more alcoholic beverages. Research indicates that adults with epilepsy may have one or two alcoholic beverages a day without any worsening of their seizures or changes in the blood levels of their antiepileptic medications. Moderate to heavy alcohol consumption is never recommended for persons with epilepsy. Alcohol and some antiepileptic drugs share similar adverse effects. As a result, persons who are sensitive to the adverse effects of alcohol or antiepileptic drugs may find the combination especially troublesome and extremely dangerous when driving. there :)
Dude. Smoke Weed. When you do, every question you just asked, will be answered by yourself. Alcohol is an intoxicating drug. Cannabis is a healer. There is a reason why states are passing medicinal marijuana laws. And its not because cannabis is doing negative things.
Drinking alcohol as a teen is a wrong habit. You must not do dat again and there can be many other stress busters like singing, listening music, or any of your hobby.. I hope you dont do that again or you may get addicted to it..
none
Malibu and coke has a ton of sugar, that will drag you down. The Goon, hmmm 10% alcohol @ 16 oz. is like 3 servings of alcohol, so a couple of those and a beer in 45 minutes. I think your tollerance is not bad. As for what you want. Your body, what you eat, how much you drink, how tired you are, and many other factors come into play when you drink. Most people will get it wrong at some point and be so sick they think they will die, true story!!!! So, Good Luck. David http://www.cocktailsdrinkrecipes.com
In young children the liver gets damaged fast if they consume alcohol. Children cannot control their behavior since slcohol is a depressant drug. Young childs body cannot cope with the effects of alcohol. Alcohol is a dangerous poison for children, and even fall very sick. If children start drinking alcohol when they are young or when they are teenagers, they are more likely to drink too much alcohol when they are older. cCn become alcohol-dependent because it is addictive. Older people when they drink too loose their control,they are not in full control of their minds and bodies. Some people who have had too much to drink become angry and become too abusive and they can hurt other people, including people in their wives and children which children will not do. Alcohol can cause damage to the brain, liver and stomach for both children and adults now children will not abuse you or bash you up like older people..
none
In my opinion drinking is alright in moderation. However, if you drink too much you can get alcohol poisoning which isnt too good (google it) but in my opinion its tough to drink enough to do that. In my opinion alcohol tastes nasty but being drunk can be a neat experience if done in moderation. I believe hookah is a neat experience as well, and its definitely cool to try. It can be a little tricky to get the hang of hookah on your first try though. Hookah makes me sleep, but everyone has different effects. Cigarettes in my opinion are absolutely horrible and disgusting. Theyre extremely addicting, money draining, and dont smell very good (just walk by a smoker!) and I wouldnt bother trying them unless you really feel the desire to do so. I hope this helps! Once again, everyone has a different opinion:P
Heres a alcoholic abuse data sheet. Refer that and then take a decision based on the study rather than somebody trying to conclude for you.
impossible. any in patient treatment is a PDQ no waivers authorized.
Hi, Whoever was supposed to take the test better contact Social Services ASAP. They will give you another chance however, failure to comply consequences may be more of a consequence than anyone would want to pay. For what reason are they unable? Are they dead? Do they live in another state? Those are about the only acceptable reasons. If this person wants to keep their child I strongly suggest they comply. If not, just take the child to Social Services office and drop them off. You do know that social services WILL work with you if you have a problem? They will offer services to you to keep the family intact. I worked for social services for 25 years. Im not talking off the top of my head. Everyone is afraid oF Social Services. I agree that there are employees that are unethical, judgmental and shouldnt be case workers. But, overall, social services will help you if you go to them for help! If you have a problem, talk to the supervisor. If that fails, talk to the director and keep on going higher until you get answers. You may also ask for another worker. If you tell social services you have a problem and want help you will get it!! And, unless the environment in the home puts the child at risk the child will not be removed. I KNOW that proper investigation regarding a risk factor has to be quite severe before removal is considered. You cannot run and hide and expect this to disappear. Go to them instead of making them come to you. The outcome will be a lot more in your favor. I keep saying you...if its not you, I apologize. JOSA
I used to drink A LOT when I 17 and 18 but it was just the age.. everyone does that. Youll find better things to do, at the moment you probably dont have anything else to focus on. And youre OMG IM AN ADDICT. Dude, how much did you drink? :)) If you drink 2 beers and you get drunk youre not an alcoholic. You realise that men usually drink, only dumb men do it when it is not necessary. Dont make a big deal out of it, Im sure youre overreacting.
Hi Carla so sorry to hear about your problems it cant be easy for you to see your mum fighting this problem. It is an illness make no mistake about this which requires professional help, recovery is not quick with people relapsing many times before taking control. Ring AA yourself for guidance as to how to cope ( you dont have to give your name) just say you need advice. Good Luck hun.
Sounds like you may be having some serious withdrawal symptoms. Dont quit alone, alcohol withdrawal can kill you. Just look at Amy Whitehouse. Ativan has a similar effect on the brains GABA receptors as alcohol and can really ease the withdrawal and help prevent seizures. Its cheap and safe, although it can be addictive too, so be careful. Your doctor should be happy to prescribe it to you. Good luck quitting drinking. Its the right decision and Im happy youre doing this.
The state handbook has all the answers in it and that is how it is in California-Ask To Have A Book And Study It.
As I was saying, getting some kind of treatment is paramount to any recovering addiction. Try to put yourself in his shoes, for the longest time he dealt with stress, anxiety, depression and so much more emotional junk by just drinking. Now that hes trying to stay sober, hes having to deal with all this stuff and cant use the alcohol as a crutch. I can certainly see how it would be frustrating on his part to feel all this emotional baggage and then have you trying to get him to have sex when it might still be difficult for him to do so. There isnt really any average time it takes for libido or other functions to return. It depends on the person, how severe the addiction was, how much damage was actually permanent and how fast they recover. You said you are both still young so Im guess between 25-35, which means hes probably able to recover fairly quickly at that age. Though, again, recovery is a long process. And hes only been clean for 2 months. Some alcoholics, even young ones, can take several years to fully recover. Im not saying he shouldnt get his sex drive back any time soon. Just that recovery itself is a long process - one that really he has just barely begun. Now the issue might not be his alcoholism at all. Sexual dysfunction can also be caused by anxiety or depression or just stress in general. Since hes no longer able to rely on alcohol to deal with that stuff, he may just be too stressed out for sex right now. Again, this another reason why therapy or some form of treatment is critical for the recovery process. This is so he can learn healthy ways to manage this things that might be preventing him from living a normal life, let alone have a sex life. Are there cases where sexual dysfunction is permanent from alcoholism? Absolutely. But were talking about people who were near death from their drinking and who had been drinking severely for most of their lives. Most alcoholics, most addicts in general, can recover most of their normal functions over time and by staying sober. Understand, it is essential that your husband does not drink any more - at all, period. It will only hinder the recovery process and ensure that this problem doesnt go away or eventually becomes permanent for real. The reason why I mention this is because for most addicts the first year of sobriety is the most difficult. In the case of many alcoholics, one of the biggest reason why they relapse is because they cannot deal with their anxiety. Again, Id be willing to bet its more this issue than anything else that is effecting his sex drive. If he is getting counseling or therapy or treatment for alcoholism, you might have him get a recommendation from one of his counselors for low dose anti-anxiety medication. Usually, Im against using drugs to treat addiction, even if they are prescription. But if a persons anxiety is severe enough, I think exception can be made, if nothing else, to help them from relapsing. And it might help him get his sex drive back too. Now if you are say 35+, the issue might actually bea medical problem such as low testosterone. In that case there are medications that can help restore this to normal levels and a stronger sex drive is usually one result of testosterone replacement therapy. And if the issue is actually not related to stress or low T, he might have another form of ED that can be treated with medications like viagra or cialis. This would only be useful though if he actually NEEDs them. In order to figure that out, he needs to see a regular doctor and have some blood tests done to properly diagnose him.
As an addiction counselor I avoid trying to say any one method is the best method. For us our motto is if something works, then it works. Doesnt matter what program or system it is. First and foremost, the main thing is to go through detox. Our rehab clinic wont even admit unless youve gotten through detox first. The main reason is that many addicts go through withdrawals and some times can turn violent and may hurt other clients or staff. After detox, then a minimum 90 day in-treatment rehab is the best option. I can only speak for the place I work at, but we do utilize a variation of the 12 step program. This is not meant to put the fear of God into people or push some Christian agenda, even though our facility is funded by a non-profit Christian organization. The point of the 12 step program is to be used as a tool for one on one CBT (cognitive-behavioral therapy) and group therapy. As a tool it can be used as a step by step guide to set mile stones for clients and help them find the root of their addiction, learn to forgive themselves, how to get back in contact with close family and friends, how to make a living outside of treatment and to make a support system as a part of relapse prevention, which is the final phase of our recovery program. Some do get sponsors (similar to those who are in AA). But we do not require that to complete our program. We do require that clients create a plan that outlines triggers for substance abuse, a support system and what to do to prevent relapse as well as a goal oriented outline of what they wish to do with their lives. From here most clients then enter a half way house nearby. But I dont work there so I cannot speak for their system accept it involves more therapy and a stepping stone for recovering addicts to get a normal life back. I know they need to find work and they pay rent and they divide up the house work and try to teach people responsibility and discipline as well as further relapse prevention. As far as getting help outside of rehab, most addicts are so resistant to therapy, or really any kind of help that the only way to really get them to change is to take them away from their living space away from the people who enable them and put them into a controlled environment (rehab) and basically break them down. Get them to put down their defenses and use our program to analyze their behavior, why they use, things they can do differently, things they just need to accept and move on from and relapse prevention. Again, our system is build on a 90 day program. The half way house is usually between 6-12 months (if clients go that far, most who do are court ordered to do so) and detox can be another month to 6 weeks, depending on the addiction. Some severe alcoholics or people addicted to opiates often need more time in detox. Detox does also involve therapy. But its usually one on one and some group therapy if we feel they are not a danger to anyone. The point is that because of the pathology of addiction, rehab tends to be more successful than just independent counseling. Most addicts need a more intense, 24-7 intervention. But if you do try to wing it on your own, CBT or talk therapy is the most common, as well as random drug testing (which we do in rehab as well) and aversion therapy. Aversion therapy really only works for people who actually want to quit using substances - another reason why rehab is often the best answer since many addicts are court ordered into treatment or are their because basically their family forced them to go.
advantages there is a community of people who relate to what you are going through - its a big organisation so always a meeting nearby that you can get to - If you dont want to go to meetings in your home town you can go anywhere there is a program to follow which means a structure for people who have lost their structure - the downside is the idea that that you can never ever drink again that one drink and you will awaken all your demons - This may be true and may not I know someone who tested himself and didnt want to finished the can and felt stronger for the knowledge of actually having got through the addiction to alcohol - the problem then is you start chasing addictions down to the least worst so I guess if you stay with the idea that you are only addicted to alcohol then you dont get a chance to look at all the other addictions to cigarettes food and chocolate or exercise that you turn to next.
1.B 2.A 3.C 4.A 5.A 6.B 7.D 8.D 9.D 10.A 11.B 12.A 13.D 14.D 15.A 16.A 17.B 18.A
Make students stand up and spin around for a minute and then ask them to do basic things, to illustrate what its like to try and control yourself while drunk. You may not be able to get everyone to do this, depending on how many people youre talking to, or how much space you have, but its something that will get students up off their feet, and will probably start up some laughter. Maybe save it as an activity to do halfway through your talk with them?
That is a very touchy subject. Some addicts cannot flirt with any resemblance of their drug of choice...like near-beer, mock cocktails, or even sparkling cider. The whole taste/smell and ritual of the drinking is super seductive to an alcoholic, it is called romancing the drink...glamorizing it and assuming it is an innocent situation when it very well may not be. I would be very concerned about that. Plus some of those items do indeed have trace alcohol in them, and still labelled non-alcoholic. Even that tiny amount, not enough to even require labeling, is enough to jeopardize the recovery of some addicts. You might instead, go the coffee or tea route...a basket of goodies for a romantic breakfast. OR you could do gourmet chocolate with some fruit or an over the top dessert (make sure no alcohol in that either). Or something else entirely...a basket of massage items maybe? Editing...as a response to you. For the beverage for their meal...iced tea? OR bottled water with slices of lemon or some basil? He can also call ahead to the restaurant and have them note by the reservations, to not even offer a wine list or a cocktail, and maybe even ask the chef to come up with a special beverage to make the night perfect. Explain the situation so there is not ONE drop of alcohol in the drink. As for his gift to her...I would think as her husband it is okay to get a bit naughty...some sexy toys, some lotions and potions, the massage items, the chocolates or a fancy fruit platter. It does not have to be fancy, just fun and/or heartfelt. Something that reminds them of when they met maybe...did he ever cook anything for her? Even his attempt at brownies or chocolate chip cookies would be a perfect food gift. Other ideas...jewelry, something they spot together on their honeymoon and he can drop back and get it for her...
Hello :) I have personal experience with this because when I was in middle school, I had been dragged into doing stuff I wish I never did. It really depends on the person and the type of alcohol theyre drinking. But it its strong like shots, it usually takes 2 shots. If it was something a little bit more mild like wine, it would take around 3 glasses to get drunk. When you drink too much alcohol, usually, youll get pretty tired and want to fall asleep. Youll do crazy things, youve probably heard some crazy stories out there. And you might end up in the hospital if you have WAYY too many drinks. The limit is before you pass out drunk on the floor. You could definitely end up in the hospital for drinking too much This website will tell you the effects of alcohol on your body- http://www.niaaa.nih.gov/alcohol-health/alcohols-effects-body This website will show the long and short term effects of drinking- http://www2.courtinfo.ca.gov/stopteendui/teens/resources/substances/alcohol/short-and-long-term-effects.cfm Well, it all depends on the amount... Drinking can lead to serious liver damage, so if you drink too much and dont give the liver enough time to recover from it youd probably get in A LOT more trouble than just getting "stoned". But just remember that smoking damages your lungs and will shorten your life. My experience with alcohol was pretty sad. I had a "friend" who lost her virginity at age 12, slept around, smoked almost everything, and was pretty much addicted to drugs. I was only hanging out with her because she was the "cool" girl at school, and had all the guys and everything. I admit that I did smoke smoke but thankfully didnt get addicted, and I did drink, but it was horrible. Beer has the worst taste ever, and cigarette smoke doesnt taste good either. The good thing is that I didnt lose my virginity or do any of that stuff with guys. One summer, I decided that I didnt want to be that person, so I avoided her as much as possible and turned into the person I always really wanted to be. Now I am drug and alcohol free and I have strait As and I am now in college, on my way to be a veterinarian. Hope this helped! <SEMCOL>)
Congratulations on quitting cigarettes Nelly, you should be so proud of yourself! This is something I find really interesting, its just something Ive noticed in my own life.. Ive known people who have been addicted to alcohol and all kinds of drugs (prescription pills, meth, heroin) . Most everyone I know who has had a drug problem also has a cigarette addiction, Ive seen a lot of people finally quit their drug addiction but just cant seem to stop smoking cigarettes. I honestly think its a lot harder to quit smoking cigarettes than it is to quit using drugs.. Withdrawal symptoms vary from symptoms to intensity depending on which drug youre addicted to and the amount that youve been using and for how long. I believe the reason that some drugs have a harder withdrawal than cigarettes is because you dont necessarily get "high" from smoking cigarettes where for instance a person who is addicted to prescription pain medication is getting high. The come down from that high is very low and that person is experiencing incredibly horrible withdrawal symptoms because theyre not high..
Because it feels personal and meaningful.
Yeah its happened to me hella times... It means you came close to alcohol poisoning too... also sounds like you were pretty dehydrated... Sounds like you havent been drinking very long so slow down or youll warp your apperance and your health... Trust me---at 14 people thought I was in my late 20s and it was from partying so much... Now I look like a meth-addict and Im not even a tweeker... So if you wanna preserve your health and looks--- take it easy--- do what makes ya feel good-- not anymore..
Your father most likely has cirrhosis of the liver from long term alcohol abuse. Cirrhosis is permanent liver damage that never goes away and never gets better and has no cure other than a liver transplant. Cirrhosis occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver resulting in your fathers case from many many years of alcohol abuse which causes a lot of active inflammation in the liver. Eventually all this inflammation can lead to scar tissue forming which is cirrhosis. Your father is showing all the signs of end stage liver disease. All the doctors can do to treat cirrhosis is to treat the symptoms since there is no cure. The disease will only worsen over time. Its not unusual for people with cirrhosis to go to the hospital from time to time with worsening symptoms that are hard to control. After awhile, the meds will no longer work to control the symptoms as the liver fails more and more. This is most likely what is happening to your father. The high ammonia levels are usually treated with Lactulose (used for constipation) and maybe Xifaxan. The Lactulose causes loose bowel movements which is the way that the ammonia can leave the body. They can do a little more in the hospital to bring them down if they go into crisis mode. This is a symptom that will also worsen as the liver fails. People with cirrhosis can have a crisis at any time that sends them to the hospital such as fluid retention needing drained, internal bleeding, high ammonia levels, etc. The bottom line is that there will come a time when the liver will totally fail and there is no bringing them back. They become weaker and more debilitated and will sleep most of the day when the end is near. This is the sad end for many people who are long term alcoholics. There is no turning back once the cirrhosis is advanced. If he would have stopped drinking before his cirrhosis got this bad, there might have been hope for him, but once its advanced like this, it does not get better and there is nothing the doctors can do for him other than comfort measures till its over. The only thing that would save his life is a transplant and that is not an option for him right now. Alcoholics can get transplants, but the first requirement is 6 months of detox (sobriety) under a doctors care before they will even consider them for one. Often times the alcoholic doesnt even have 6 months left. Then after they put in the 6 months, they have to pass a very extensive evaluation in order to be accepted to be listed. The person must be healthy enough to survive the surgery and yet sick enough to need a transplant. Your father is in his 50s which is young yet, so if he pulls out of his crisis, maybe he could be referred to a transplant clinic to start his 6 months of detox and see if it can happen for him. Many alcoholics either will not or cannot do all that is required of them since its a must they comply with everything the transplant doctors tell them to do. I know that none of this is good news, but I think you need to get educated on this disease so you will know what to expect. There is no sense fighting the doctors and stressing about nobody doing anything to help him when there is really nothing more they can do even if they were the best doctors in the world. Thats the way it goes with advanced cirrhosis. Nothing works except a transplant. Just be very supportive of your father and be there for him. Thats the best thing you can do for him right now.
my boyfriends prioritys seem to go like this.. Drink, family, friends, work, drugs, me. where do you think a child would fall in this list of priorities?? cut your loses and move on, you dont need this and as you already figured out....this is a dead end situation.........
Leave the alcohol at home. Dont abuse the occasion. Apart from underage drinking, it is unfair on others on the trip, and also the teachers who have the burden of being responsible for all of you.
Im sorry to hear about your tough situation I have been there too and it is not fun. In the future if you still want to be friends with these people, I would try to avoid events where they are likely to be heavily using. Also if you you dont want to do drugs and they offer you, just politely decline and if they give you **** for it then they arent really good friends. My best friend became a total stoner sophomore year of high school and he never pressured me into doing any kind of drugs. We now hang out less but are still good friends. Personally I think if you want to stay clean (which I recommend) you should try to find new friends and you can still hang out with the old ones but dont let them suck you in. Also the reason you feel bad after doing drugs is when you are high you dont have any problems or worries but when you come down and back to reality, all your problems/worries that you escaped come back all at once and can be overwhelming. This is bad because that is often how addiction starts and it turns into a cycle of get high, come down, feel sad, do more drugs to feel better ect. And drugs are bad/illegal because they are hazardous to your health, affect your brain, make you do stupid things and can lead to suicide/depression. The problem with drugs is that they are temporary and you cant be high forever, and when you are an addict and not high, you are usually very depressed.
Its like every time someone asks this question, they dont even think of what happened with prohibition of alcohol. Do you remember now?
Some one who is addicted to alcohol. Who drinks alcohol (whiskey, beer, wine etc) every day.. And he would turn angry/violent/depressed when he doesnt have access to alcohol.
14..
The penalties for underage drinking in Utah are severe. The most likely scenario is that you will lose your license for 90 days, have to attend substance abuse classes and pay hundreds of dollars in fine. I hope the cheap thrill was worth it, kiddo.
What were you drinking? According to my state drivers handbook, a 12 oz beer has the same alcohol content as 1 oz of liquor (figure thats about a mixed drink in a bar, could be more if youre a big tipper to the bartender or you mix your own) same as an 8oz glass of wine. Your liver eliminates about that much in the course of an hour. So 10 drinks should take 10 hours, a healthy sized nap after a night of 12oz curls. Now with the vicodin its not so much the narcotic as the acetaminophen in it that your liver has to detoxify and youre talking a half life of 1-4 hours. So it comes down to dosage. Look on your bottle of Hydrocodone and you should see something like 10/325 on it. That 10mg of hydrocodone and 325mg of acetaminophen. So an hour or 4 should cut it by half, in this case to 162.5mg. So you should be safe to drink again in about 3-5 weeks. Just kidding. Just use common sense and you should be fine going out later that evening. Dont take any Tylenol if you are hung over, use ibuprofen. Toxic levels of acetaminophen begin anywhere betwixt 2000mg and 4000mgs depending on who you consult and you should have absolutely none of it nor alcohol if you have a compromised liver, like a history of hepatitis of any variety. Just dont abuse your liver by dumping poisons constantly in to it. It the main filter your body has and it has to go a long long way without ever being changed, so dont sludge it up. Have something healthy for dinner if youre going to or have been rough on your liver. A couple times a year doing one of those 2 or 3 day body detox programs isnt a bad idea either, but the really best thing you can go is regular checkups with blood work to catch any irregularities before things go bad .Your doc probably has something to help you clean out as would most pharmacies. But as far as this weekend goes, enjoy. as long as you dont take them together (like chase a vicodin with a shot of Jagermister) you should be good to go. 4-6 hours should be enough distance between the two. And try drinking drinks with Ginger Ale in it. Its great for a sore throat though anything overflowing with fruit will likely help but the Ginger is very soothing to the throat tissues.
Oh get over yourself, cupcake. Your paternalistic disrespect for women is clear - and is the reason why every week, we see some horrible headline about the way women are abused in India. Women enjoy a beer from time to time. So. What. Its none of your business. How about you reserve your outrage for the men in your culture who abuse women on a regular basis...for those who rape and harass and attack? That would at least do some good.
In some places refusing makes for worst consequences of a DWI anyways but the problem is many sober people would and have refused at checkpoints, that get charged for crimes that are illegal in the first place. The Fourth Amendment (Amendment IV) to the United States Constitution is the part of the Bill of Rights which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures, along with requiring any warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause. It was adopted as a response to the abuse of the writ of assistance, which is a type of general search warrant, in the American Revolution. Search and seizure (including arrest) should be limited in scope according to specific information supplied to the issuing court, usually by a law enforcement officer, who has sworn by it. The Fourth Amendment applies to the states by way of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. "They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety." - Benjamin Franklin    If you want total security, go to prison. There youre fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.    - Dwight D. Eisenhower
It really depends on the scenarios. lets break it down: Smoking cons: -2nd hand smoke affects people around you -phucks up your own body, make your teeth yellow and sh*t -Increased chance for cancer -Bigger money sink than drinking if youre a heavy smoker -Can become addicted easier -Smell clings to your clothing Drinking cons: -Drinking and driving is a serious and real issue. -you can do stupid things while drunk. not in 100% control of your own body -bigger money sink than smoking(I imagine) All I got. I would say if you live with others, smoking is worse. Otherwise, I dont really think either are worse than each other. For an individual person, Id say smoking is worse while for society as a whole alcohol is worse(because of drunk driving mainly). With all that said, I think both are pretty bad. Personally if I had to do one or the other for the rest of my life, Id choose alcohol. That said, I do not drink or smoke at all.
none
Maybe you can get inspiration from Beer and Viking. You can make it the other way around.
none
You are right. Being drunk can be fun and even being out of it can be fun. I   ve been young too and when I was your age I would black out all the time. For me it wasn   t so good because I become very annoying and out of control when I   m drunk. But if you   re having fun that   s a good thing. As long as you aren   t doing anything you regret or being violent or aggressive whilst drunk it   s fine. You say you drank alone in your dorm. Well I   ve done this too and it can be nice to drink alone as well. It   s not the warning signal people say it is IF you enjoy your own company and just want to relax, even if you want to jump around your own living room with a bottle of wine it   s fine. But your drinking is worrying you and that   s where it becomes concerning. Since you know you have a little problem with drinking     you are hoarding and drinking a bottle of whatever a night alone and getting quite drunk     you know this could escalate into something more serious. So stop doing it. Just don   t buy anymore alcohol to hoard in your room for drinking alone. That will solve that problem, just stop drinking except when you are with others. I know this might seem easier said than done but at the end of the day, currently you are not an alcoholic. Despite what you might think, it does take a long time and a lot of commitment to become seriously addicted beyond the point of repair to any substance. It   s basically brain training, training your brain to depend on a substance and causing it to cry out for more when you stop taking it. You are not even near there yet, so don   t give yourself the old    I want to stop but I can   t    malarkey because you can. If you choose not to stop then you could ruin your whole life. Just stop doing that, it   s that simple. You also sound like you might need to curb your habits in social situations. Take it from someone who knows     being paralytic drunk, falling on people and talking sh&% doesn   t earn you respect. It   s shameful. Personally I drink too fast, I gulp down pints, glasses of wine and shorts at a ratio of about four to my boyfriend   s one. My advice, and this is something I am still trying to perfect myself in my early 30s, is to follow the habits of the person in the group who is the sensible drinker. That means don   t gulp your drink down quickly to get more drunk more quickly, but sip your drink and only replace it when that person, or when the last person has finished and is replacing theirs. Another technique is to drink a glass of water or soft drink to every drink you have. This will keep you from getting in a state. You say you don   t throw up. Well that may be the case, but you will be one day. It   s not pleasant and you certainly don   t want to be doing it in front of that boy you like or in front of your employer down the line. Also, if you don   t heed my advice and continue drinking heavily throughout your teens and early twenties, your liver and other internal organs will pay for it. This could result in liver or kidney failure in the future which will mean dialysis, transplant waiting lists etc. this will not be fun for you or your loved ones. Even if you don   t care about that, do you want broken capillaries on the skin, a red nose, bulging eyes, an inflamed gut and premature aging on your face? I certainly wouldn   t. So, from someone who likes a drink and isn   t judging you or saying you have a problem already<SEMCOL> drink more sensibly if you want to be able to carry on having fun. It   s never fun when your Doctor tells you you aren   t even allowed to drink anymore or it will kill you!
Heroin(I know this one for sure): 5-15 bucks a bag. A bag is enough to keep newbies high all night. It takes at least ten bags to stay high for a few hours for addicts. Cocaine(I know for sure): 60-100 a gram. That would keep even an addict good for awhile. Meth: 10-20 a bag. This contains small rocks. It wont last an addict long. Crack Coke: 40-80 a gram. Same high rules apply as coke. Ecstacy(know for sure): 10 a tab normally. Weed(Know for sure): anywhere between 10 a dime. Itll get most people ****** up if they arent sharing. I dont have the slightest idea for the last two, so I wont comment on them :)
Yes, also called a codependent., i.e. enabler. Alcoholism is a multi-generational family disease. Children of alcoholics have an over 90% chance of becoming or marrying an alcoholic. Much of it has to do with family dynamics while growing up. The alcoholic is addicted to alcohol, the significant other and children is addicted to the alcoholic.<SEMCOL> the children will identify with and unconsciously choose one parent to model themselves after. This is the nature of alcoholism/addiction. Active drinking can actually skip a generation. To break the cycle of addiction for yourself and your own children, attend Alanon Family Groups.
No, "detox" is not necessarily a requirement for an alcoholic (or anyone with an addiction problem) to "get better". Some people deal with alcohol or drug addiction without the help of a doctor, AA, counseling, or similar. While detoxing off alcohol is perhaps more dangerous than detoxing off other drugs of abuse, it can and has been done. Its not uncommon for those with an addiction to "transfer" their addiction to something else while in recovery. Many find that religion works well for this, and become, in effect, "addicted" to religion or prayer instead of alcohol or drugs. Others may become "addicted" to exercise, or food, or some other coping mechanism that is a bit less damaging to their physical health and more socially acceptable. So it may be that your neighbor found prayer to be an acceptable substitute for alcohol. Some people actually become "addicted" to therapy. But its not required. Many have kicked a bad habit on their own.
Me! Ahha :) Didnt Reese Witherspoon get charged last week with disorderly conduct?? Lindsay Lohan, The cast of "Ex wive of rock" theres more than you think. Because alcohol is legal drugs, people abuse it. There really should be a ban, its not that compelling.
Any benzodiazepine in low amount should mimic the feeling of alcohol on some level (Xanax, valium, etc.) , however they will all make you tired just like alcohol, but harder hitting. Opiates are euphoric but dont mimic the booze as well. You already warned yourself, and unless you are somehow allergic to alcohol, all of these things you asked about will harm your liver and kidneys the same way. Its your life, but I dont recommend it.
People become addicted to it because theyve become to be dependent on it. Basically, if they consume large quantities of it on a regular basis, their body becomes used to its effects. Once it leaves the body, they get withdrawal symptoms meaning they need to consume more of what theyre addicted to. The main issue of course, is that people dont always realize that theyre drinking too much, or too often.
Shes 71... its a little late for her to make a drastic change.
Hey I am 15 and I used to drink a lot at parties and I dont drink anymore but I smoke weed every day it is way better for stress and just claims the mind
Youre friend is highly exaggerating. Crystal meth and cocaine are debilitating drugs that can ruin your life in a very short time due to how highly addictive they are. However, cigarettes contain nicotine which has been classified as one of the most addictive drugs out there. Once you start its almost impossible to quit. I started smoking when I was 13 (yes Im aware of how bad that is) and just quit 4 months ago. At the time I finally stopped I was only smoking two cigarettes a day. I still get cravings for them! Cigarettes also contain some of the nastiest chemicals, a lot of which are found to be cancer causing. Cigarettes will kill you for sure. Alcohol is legal, but its still classified as a drug by some people because of its effects on the body. Over time heavy use of alcohol can result in liver damage and other problems. People who are drunks are generally in a low state of health. I too, used to hate my life. I drank, smoked cigarettes and was a pot head to "deal" with it. It did nothing to make my life better. I got sober and changed my thinking. I changed my whole mindset, it was so hard! I turned my whole life around. In the middle of it I was miserable, but I pulled through. I found new friends, went to school, got a job and now I can finally say Im happy. Your life isnt perfect, but you need to realize it never will be. Theres always going to be things that get you down, but you cant let it beat you! I strongly suggest you stop abusing any substances, because in all honesty youre better than that. Your life can be better than that. Believe me.
Its best to be true to yourself no matter what, even if your True Self would not want to smoke weed or cigarettes. I started smoking weed when i was 16, i stopped smoking weed when i was 23, if i could go back i probably would have a very successful life compared to what i have now, if i had not smoked any weed ever and possibly be more successful than all those i had smoked weed with, if i had not smoked any ever. So my advice is to not smoke weed or cigarettes, i also used tobacco i started at 16 and stopped at 23. Now in life, i do not use alcohol, drugs, tobacco or weed, and i never will until the day i die, nor do i hang out with or plan to ever hang out with anyone who i had done any of that stuff with. Had i gone back, gotten good grade in school, instead of skipping class to go smoke weed, i would have graduated much sooner than i did, had better grades, had more money to buy food and be much healthier than spending that money on weed instead, i could have used that money to get a gym membership and go workout and get very strong and be attractive and healthy for women, instead of wasting all that money on weed. Working on achieving a prosperous future through Jesus Christ would be better than wasting away addicted to alcohol, sex and drugs. Whatever road you choose, may God bless your journey.
Withdrawl. When one is an alcoholic as your dads friend was/is , when they quit drinking the body and mind go through withdrawl from the alcohol. The Dts can be extremely dangerous depending on how long your dads friend abused alcohol. If one that has drank for a long period of time wants to quit drinking it is best to do it in a hospital setting.
Hard liqueur with diet soda is best for you if you dont want to take in extra callories that make you gain fat. Normal soda and beer have a lot of calories that will make you fat. Hard liqure is ethanol and water. a 40% 80 proof bottle of liqueur is 40% ethanol and 60% water and a full cup of pure liqure has less calories than a full cup of soda. Mix with diet soda and you have a low calorie drink. Also its proven that diet soda gets you drunk the fastest I seen it on docter oz tv show. Diet soda for some reason makes the alcohol get into your blood stream fastest for some reason.
Drinking too much     on a single occasion or over time     can take a serious toll on your health. Here   s how alcohol can affect your body: Brain: Alcohol interferes with the brain   s communication pathways, and can affect the way the brain looks and works. These disruptions can change mood and behavior, and make it harder to think clearly and move with coordination. Heart: Drinking a lot over a long time or too much on a single occasion can damage the heart, causing problems including: Cardiomyopathy     Stretching and drooping of heart muscle Arrhythmias     Irregular heart beat Stroke High blood pressure Research also shows that drinking moderate amounts of alcohol may protect healthy adults from developing coronary heart disease. Liver: Heavy drinking takes a toll on the liver, and can lead to a variety of problems and liver inflammations including: Steatosis, or fatty liver Alcoholic hepatitis Fibrosis Cirrhosis Pancreas: Alcohol causes the pancreas to produce toxic substances that can eventually lead to pancreatitis, a dangerous inflammation and swelling of the blood vessels in the pancreas that prevents proper digestion. Cancer: Drinking too much alcohol can increase your risk of developing certain cancers, including cancers of the: Mouth Esophagus Throat Liver Breast Immune System: Drinking too much can weaken your immune system, making your body a much easier target for disease. Chronic drinkers are more liable to contract diseases like pneumonia and tuberculosis than people who do not drink too much. Drinking a lot on a single occasion slows your body   s ability to ward off infections     even up to 24 hours after getting drunk
Yes to narcotics and did a fair amount of drinking. Ive been sober on and off. Im not some weak person who needs to never alcohol, have a "higher power", or 12 steps to get through everyday
From what Ive heard, when it comes to rehab online, its not likely to work. There is a program, in CT its called Alcoholics Anonymous, its free, every week a group of people show up at a designated location and talk about their addiction and what brought them to their addiction. They have milestone ceremonies (so-to-speak) when a person has successfully remained clean and sober for however many days, weeks, months whatever. The only way to get clean and stay that way is to go to your nearest Mental Health facility and ask questions. Or go to the hospital and ask. Just say you want to get clean from whatever substance you have been using and youre not sure about the programs in the area that could help with that<SEMCOL> aside from detoxing in a hospital, that is. Out-patient programs.
This condition can usually be reversed if you change some unhealthy eating habits and dont abuse alcohol. The life span would be the same as everyone else if you make changes to your diet and reverse the problem. Many people have a fatty liver and doesnt even know it and nothing more ever comes of it. But for some others, a fatty liver can actually progress to a more serious problem called SH which can lead to cirrhosis of the liver over time. No one knows why this may never happen in one person while another person will have the problem. Thats why its important to try and reverse this if you can. Talk to your doctor about a low fat diet. Im sure there is tons of things on the internet about low fat diets that could help you. Dont be afraid. It takes many many years for this to progress to a more serious liver problem so you have time to correct it now.
The first step is to realize you have a serious problem and want to get better and willing to do the work it takes to stop drinking. Admit that you are addicted to alcohol and then admit you need help to quit since you cannot do it on your own. Do not quit cold turkey on your own especially with the amounts you are drinking since it can be very dangerous to suddenly quit. You need to talk to someone who knows about alcoholism and will need medical supervision to detox safely. I find it really hard to believe that all of your liver function blood work and enzymes are within normal limits with the huge amount of alcohol you drink. You need to get help with getting sober and detoxing and also need long term help of some kind to stay sober such as group support, counseling, or some type of program that will help you. If its possibly, then an extended rehab program could also put you on the road to staying sober. Most people do not remain sober unless they do therapy or counseling to understand what alcoholism is, why you drink, and what triggers will make you drink once you get sober. There is no doubt that with this amount of alcohol you drink that you will eventually destroy your liver. I might also add that no physical signs usually show up from cirrhosis of the liver until the disease is already far advanced and too late to save the liver. Thats why its important you stop drinking before that happens. You dont say how old you are and how long you have been drinking, so I cannot even really comment on whether or not you might have advanced liver damage right now. I had advanced cirrhosis from a biliary disease and my liver enzymes were so close to normal that they ruled out a liver problem at first and misdiagnosed me with cancer. I had no clue that anything was wrong until 90% of my liver was already destroyed. That just shows you how silent this disease can be and there can be lots of liver damage present and you might never know until its too late. Many things can cause cirrhosis (scar tissue replaces healthy tissue) of the liver with alcohol abuse just being one of them. Its your choice whether or not you want to live or die with your drinking. There are millions of people in graves all over the world who died of liver failure from alcohol abuse that made the choice to drink and die instead of getting sober and staying alive. You can be one of them or not. Get the help you need to get your life back again without being in a drunken stupor all the time. Good luck to you.
Cirrhosis is a condition that results from permanent damage or scarring of the liver. This leads to a blockage of blood flow through the liver and prevents normal metabolic and regulatory processes. Even babies can suffer cirrhosis! The major causes of cirrhosis are as follows:    chronic alcoholism    viral infections caused by chronic viral hepatitis (types B, C and D)    metabolic diseases such as alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency, galactosemia and glycogen storage disorders    inherited diseases such as Wilson disease and hemochromatosis    biliary cirrhosis resulting from diseases such as primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) and primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC)    toxic hepatitis caused by severe reactions to prescribed drugs or prolonged exposure to environmental toxins    repeated bouts of heart failure with liver congestion
Mixing Alcohol & Energy Drinks May Spell Disaster by Keith Cambrel Energy drinks are reaching their peak in popularity and continue to sell mass quantities to their youthful target audience. The most popular of the new wave of energy drinks is Red Bull, the drink that promises to give its drinkers wings. Venom, Adrenaline Rush, 180, ISO Sprint and Erektus are the names of some the other popular energy drinks out on the market. These drinks claim to stimulate the mind and body plus provide a boost of energy but can have adverse effects when mixed with alcohol. Lately college students and teens have been mixing these energy drinks with alcohol as a means of getting a high without getting sleepy. Steve Clarke, director of the College Alcohol Abuse Prevention Center, said students need to be careful about mixing these energy drinks with alcohol. Fatigue is the bodys way of saying its had enough to drink and its dangerous to continue to try to fool your body that youre not as drunk as you really are, he said. "Even though (the energy drink) has stimulants in it, the alcohol is still going to have similar effects on you," Clarke said. "You may feel more alert but actually the alcohol is having the same effect on you. So you might perceive that you are less impaired when in actuality you are not less impaired." According to the Red Bull website there is no indication that the drink has any negative effects related to alcohol consumption including the elimination of ethanol. However, Red Bull contains 80 mg of caffeine per can. High levels of caffeine can boost heart rate and blood pressure, causing palpitations, according to National Institute of Health. Mixing these drinks with alcohol further increases the risk of heart rhythm problems. "Energy drinks have a lot of stimulants in them like ginseng and taurine, while alcohol is a depressant so by mixing the two youre sending mixed messages to your nervous system which can cause cardiac related problems," Clarke said. Clarke said the appeal behind mixing energy drinks with alcohol is the promise of sustained rush that would allow people to go on drinking longer into the night and combat hangovers. Alcohol makes people dehydrated, he said, which is one of the reasons why people have hangovers, and the caffeine in the energy drinks is a diuretic which also causes people to lose water. So it makes the effects of dehydration worse. "You might feel that you can party for a long time, but in reality you are just going to have a greater hangover effect the next day," Clarke said. He also said students are increasing their risk of having a bad reaction to the drinks by mixing them with alcohol. Students need to try these energy beverages to see how body responds to them before consuming them with alcohol, he said. "You might have some pre-existing medical condition or you might have an adverse reaction to some of the stimulants that are in those drinks," Clarke said. For those students who decide to mix alcohol with energy drinks Clarke feels its safest to limit your consumption to one of these mixtures to lower any risk of negative side effects. He also said it would be more positive to alternate non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages because it will keep you hydrated and decrease the negative effects of alcohol.
No, it is not a sin. Drunkenness is considered sinful. However in some cultures where there has been a lot of abuse, the result has been that all use of alcohol has been frowned on. And some Christians have confused alcohol with drunkenness. Of course, the desire of Christians to help those who are seeking freedom from alcoholism as pushed many to abstain in order to avoid being a stumbling block for them. As a result, some have interpreted this as being a belief that alcohol is sin. But it is not the case.
Your ultimate aim should be to take care of your physical health as well as mental health. You should take care that your action do not adversely affect your health system. Do anything within permissible limits. Too much of anything is bad. It depends on your physical fitness, body system, mental health condition, mental stability and mental steadiness, etc.
"That is called addiction<SEMCOL> so you dont go through withdraws if you dont have it... still addiction." Yes, this is the same way that food, masturbation, video games and stamp-collecting (philately!) is addictive. Everything is addictive like this if youre crazy enough. Dr Henningfield of NIDA ranked cannabis as less addictive than caffeine, i.e last out of the six most used drugs (not including medicine, although cannabis is a medicine, so I guess it does include medicine). "smoking pot & Drinking beer instead of supporting the stop of hunger or curing diseases" You could apply this to just about anything. Playing badminton..., Pleasuring your wife... "ever known someone who smoked or drinked that become anything more then a complete tool with a superiority complex that thinks they know more about what they do then everybody else?" Yep. Hunter S. Thompson, Jack Kerouac, Alexandre Dumas, Ken Kesey, Stephen King, Jimi Hendrix, Bob Marley, Jim Morrison, Bob Dylan... I mean, Jimi Hendrix was definitely modest. He refused to accept that he was the best guitarist alive. ""Prohibition didnt work"<SEMCOL> prohibition didnt work because we just took alcohol away instead of teaching people why it should be illegal." Why should it be illegal? Moderate use is beneficial to your body, it is a giant industry.. and furthermore, havent you heard of freedom? You know, "over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign" (J.S. Mill). Prohibition didnt work because people want to drink. Thats the same reason the war on drugs is failing - people want to take drugs. Anyway, if it was the case that enough education would make people stop drinking - why bother making it illegal? Methanol isnt illegal, but if you drink that stuff youll die - the people are educated, so they dont drink it. No illegality required. Add: The prohibition of alcohol also created powerful criminal gangs - exactly like the powerful drug cartels we have today that only exist because drugs are illegal.
Yes, I have the same situation, only now my Mum is 82, she has been alcoholic since 55, yeah hard to believe she has a liver left. I tried everything, but you cant PERSUADE an addict to stop being an addict. Understand that it is a disease. Stop making her wrong for being an addict, she really cant help it. You only have a few choices: 1) Leave her and tell her why, tell her you love her but you cant bear to see her killing herself. Might work but rarely does. 2) Stay with her, try to limit her drinking, and look after her<SEMCOL> this is called enabling and whilst you might prolong her life you will suffer the pain of watching her destroy herself and there is no incentive for her to stop drinking. 3) Try a family intervention, get aunts uncles friends around and tell her straight she needs help and she needs to stop drinking. I tried 3, and it failed, so I tried 1 and it failed, so now I just enable her, however, I banned her from drinking anything stronger than wine, because when she does she will sometimes go on a binge for several days and then get very sick and have the DTs (withdrawals) for a few days. It is very distressing to watch this happen. Good luck and Im sorry you have a family member who is an addict.
It is not normal for teens to use drugs or alcohol. Not only is it a bad idea, but it is illegal for teens to use certain drugs, and to drink underage. I am 16 and I dont do it.
The concept of government is that it sets the background which is supposed to provide the best opportunity for all equally - which in this case means that it refuses children guns and booze etc as the best course of action in deterring such things as crazed on booze kids shooting up the neighbourhood. Where this comes unstuck is where government believes (wrongly) that it has the ability and the wherewithal to micro-manage every life and ever facet of that life, and regiment all to the exact same pattern, as is occurring right now in Australias armed forces with excessive government meddling and micro-management along gender issue social scientist  lines - that will get people killed. Rather than their being actually capable of achieving this Utopian nightmare, since they totally lack the wherewithal, they seek instead to impose that regime through a campaign of fear - its called State Terrorism. They do this by targeting selected groups in our society, and attacking those, and allowing the halo effect of that attack to permeate throughout all of society. Under a halo effect the knowledge that The Guv can abuse and violate the rights of one at whim clearly indicates to the majority that their best course of action is to keep their heads down and not be dissenters or whatever. When that happens you have tyranny - not government - and it is the right and the duty of The People to overthrow it. Footnote:- Any parent who believes what you said that guy does is crazy.
Its quite a mystery. Get a used copy of "Under the Influence" off of Amazon - this speaks about alcoholism, how it happens and where the disease leads. All the drunks at AA read this thing - its a great little book. A LOT of people dont get addicted.... most people who drink alcohol or take drugs, quit doing it. And ultimately most addicts quit as well as they "mature out of" their addictions.
Um I have Leo Jupiter at 25 degrees but I am not addicted to alcohol or anything like that...well not yet lol. I know a few other people born the same year with the same degree of Jupiter & I didnt notice theyre addicted to it either... But I think I know where did you find this info (http://www.angelfire.com/empire/serpenti    Ive read about it before... Honestly I dont find those degrees critical at all.
Things dont happen for no reason out of the blue. Something started happening long before her grades went south. Ill bet men had something to do with through the Internet. Strangers whispering in her ear, offering her things, maybe some stripping. Then came her falling self esteem and the boys at her local school she tried to get attention from. There was probably some drugs, pot, maybe some ecstasy and unprotected sex. One guy stood up for her, told her all the things she wanted to hear. This guy, a thug really, made her feel better about herself, told her he loved her, and maybe he did. But, he was just a kid himself and didnt have the maturity to deal with life or a woman that depended on him. He may even yell at her when hes overwhelmed. Sometimes he thinks about hitting her, or maybe he already does. The only solution you think you have is to accept her, stop nagging, and just let her and her BF move in with you. That way, at least, you can keep an eye on her. But, after a few months, youll start seeing the fighting and the BF will attack someone in the family. He does this because he cannot support her and feels trapped. He may beat her more. He may attack you again. Your daughter may start cutting. The turmoil will escalate and the police will be called. I could go on. This story plays out across the world over. Little girls were corrupted at young ages and when they reached 14-17, their world begins to collapse. Some will die. Many were raped. Almost all of them were contacted by older men when they were under 13 and opened dark words to their eyes. I cant say this information is 100% accurate, but I can tell you that only a professional will be able to help you. There are several numbers you can call for support. You can Google "Teen support line" to start with.
The grossest things imaginable have been done by humans. So I imagine some addicted person has done this too. I have heard of people being so desperate for alcohol they drank the stuff that would kill them. But no, I have not actually seen this happen.
One or two drinks wont kill you but at your age its not good to get hooked because if you over-do it you can really hurt yourself. Also, if your doing it to relax that shows early signs of addiction. My moms friend started drinking her freshman year in highschool and she was an addict by the time she graduated. Shes now 47 and still addicted, but with 5 kids ranging from 23 years old to 20 months old. I mean.. Theres tv to relax you, theres computers to go on that you can distract yourself with, even therapy if you need it, etc. Dont take me as someone who is against drinking. Im 17 and i will every once in a while, but I NEVER drink and drive and I NEVER over-do it. Theres a fine line between having fun and just relaxing and being an alcoholic. I have at least 3 friends over my highschool experience who were addicts and wouldnt admit it. Its really about your maturity level and being responsible enough to the point where you can stop yourself. If you want to drink, no one can stop you but yourself. So, keep in mind the legality and the addiction part. Im not trying to sound like I know more than I do. Im still just a kid myself. Im just saying from one teen to another, dont hurt yourself with it. Its something thats categorized in the same class as soda and water. Do you really want that to extend into life long issues?
#ME?
For what it is worth I dont think drugs and alcohol are more acceptable. Drugs can do permanent damage.Cutting does not.You can quit at any time and still be healthy.
It is possible. There are many levels and types of alcoholics. For instance, in Alcoholics Anonymous they teach that "its not how much you drink or how often, but happens when you drink." If alcohol is causing you problems then it is a problem. Most alcoholics are not dependent on alcohol in the beginning stages of the disease. Alcoholism is a chronic, progressive, incurable, fatal disease.<SEMCOL> it has an identifiable set of symptoms and a predictable course. Progressive means it starts out slow, without a lot of hardships, but gets worse over time and consequences are higher<SEMCOL> mental health, physical health and spiritual well being deteriorate. With treatment and abstinance, all those conditions can improve, but an alcoholic can never drink safely again, his addiction will pick up as though he never quit drinking. Alcohol is an addictive drug, period. If you fed it in small doses to a baby every day, the babys body and mind would become addicted to the substance alcohol and the feelings it produces..
Spiritual empathy is one of Gods traits, and as the Son of God, Jesus Christ has also developed that trait through experience and maturity. I was once sitting quietly in a very quiet room of a Mormon temple and could literally feel the stress of some dear family friends who lived about a mile away and who had very recently lost their son to suicide. I was mystified at first as to why I could feel their stress and their feelings although they were not in front of me, and I myself have no children and have never lost a child to suicide. It came to me that all of us, being of the family of God, can be in tune spiritually with the feelings of others who we love best, and just as music and sound waves emanate out from their source and can be heard and felt by those near and even farther away, it is the same with those deep feelings of pain and loss and every other emotion we go through. I do not know if Jesus ever over-imbibed in any kind of wine or alcoholic drinks. Even one or two servings could have been enough to experience what the effects would be long-term. I would say this, you do not have to be the rainstorm in order to feel what its like to get soaked by the rain. Hope this helps.
I heard prophet muhammad (peace be upon him) said: All drug in my religion is Haram, "they ask you about intoxicating drink and gambling. say: there is great sin in both, although they have some benefit for people<SEMCOL> but their sin is far greater than their benefit.  they ask you what they should spend. say: that which remains.  so, allah makes plain to you his verses, in order that you will reflect"
Im sure people drink for a lot of reasons. It may be to get an enlightening feeling when your tipsy or perhaps to fit in with a certain social crowd. There are also people who abuse alcohol and are constantly on the verge of death. Its hard to explain every situation for why someone would drink, but I wonder why you care so much. My friend is extremely intolerant of people who drink. He automatically assumes that if someone drinks, they are headed down a bad path. That may be the case for some, but he is generalizing that to all people who drink. Some people drink excessively and carry on perfectly productive lives. One of the brightest people I know does just this. You have to keep in mind that you can overdo anything that you find pleasurable. For some people they might overdo food, or video games, or gossip, etc.. Just keep mind also that everyone is going to die eventually of something. To some people, they just dont care as much when they might die, so engaging in risky behavior is just more common for them to partake in. Overall, you dont have to drink to have fun, but its just another outlet for certain individuals to do so.
My mother was an alcoholic for most of her life. She never admitted to having a problem but always excused herself and when she returned, she reeked of whiskey. She died in 1998 with 1/6th of her liver remaining. You are not making it worse. It is her choice to drink. She must take responsibility for this. You must take care of your family and protect them from her. Mail her pictures and send letters/email or whatever to keep in touch. See her for short visits without your children present. Leave the second she becomes even slightly abusive. You are quite right, she will not change until she sees the problems she is creating with her abuse of alcohol. Its pointless to argue with her. I cannot stress it loudly enough, it is not your fault.
I strongly suggest you dont drink because you could become addicted, or have serious health problems later on in life. but... Building up tolerance 1) dont drink on empty stomach 2) it takes time but drinking a bit everyday and increasing it every so often will build your tolerance. make sure you eat properly, and yes drinking water is a good idea. 3) i think the recommend amount for a women is 1-2 glasses a day, for a man is 2-3 a day. But it does depend on personal tolerance as well if your a bigger person you will tolerate more then a smaller person, plus more detailed factors which im not going to get into. 4) do not drink and drive.
Alcohol is bad, for humans and animals. It was only originally made to remove bacteria from dirty water without boiling it. It wasnt meant to be drank like a some of people do, who arent very healthy. Anyway, it upsets the cats stomach. And if the cat is licking the can, she may be thirsty. Place multiple water bowls around the house and make sure theyre always clean. Dont leave out beer bottles in reach of cats. If you mom isnt willing to do this, re-home the cat, you can take the cat to a shelter if its old because Im not sure how easy it is to find a home for an old cat. Its practically animal abuse to let them drink it. It can easily kill them, especially if they knock it over and drink a lot of it.
Ive been sober over 19 years and in my experience you will save yourself years of unwanted grief. Cut him loose and dont look back. He may be able to change but dont endanger your own sanity and life for him- its not worth the pain.
Your friend hasnt found a cure, hes just switched drugs. Dont believe that he hasnt used cocaine since then. Hes lying. ALL drug abusers lie. There is absolutely no cure for a drug addiction, whether its cigarettes or heroin. With willpower, help and support you can stop using your drug of choice and become a "recovering" addict. But you will ALWAYS be an addict. You have to make the choice EVERY DAY to NOT use the drug. You will never stop wanting it to some degree.
How you start depends on the theme of the article and what your position is on the topic. For example: What is the article really about? Is your position that drugs and alcohol are bad for society? Is it that drugs and alcohol are bad for health? Is the article about the use of drugs and alcohol by teens? Whatever the answer, you can begin your paper by writing a strong "thesis statement", just as you would for a regular essay. A thesis statement is simply a sentence or two that sums up your topic and reveals your position on it. (This should always be phrased as a fact, because your readers will want to continue reading to find out "why" you believe the way you do.) For example, you might begin an article about why drugs and alcohol are bad for society by stating something like this: "As the cause of destructive events ranging from car accidents to broken families, drug and alcohol abuse is a problem that must be taken seriously in our society today." Or: "Abuse of drugs and alcohol by teens is a growing problem in our community." Or: "Although generations of youth have experimented with drugs and alcohol, only a small percentage of the population can be labled "addicts" or "alcoholics". Because of this, society should view the use of drugs and alcohol by teens, not as a problem, but as a rite of passage." Whatever your viewpoint, you should state it as a fact in your thesis statement, then write a brief paragraph or two offering background information about your topic. Follow this with more discussion of your point of view, providing evidence from various sources to support your position. Finally, conclude by summarizing everything you wrote about earlier and emphasize why you believe your position is correct. Good luck!
Youre not his keeper. He needs to help himself. Stop torturing yourself. If he wont seek help on his own, theres no more you can do. Take care of YOU!.......??
none
none
Alcoholism is not genetic . It is your choice, to drink or not to drink, that is the question. If u do decide to become an alcoholic, you will hurt more people than u can count. My advice, stay away from it. Its ok to drink like once a week, but if u make it adaily thing, u will likely become an alcoholic.
Drinking age is 21, not 18...you are an alcoholic....and its not a good road to be going down at the young age of 18. . Your ex-boyfriend was smart...get help now before its too late.
Memory & liver, if I remember correctly (haha). All will be well if you keep trying to stay off the sauce. sometimes liver problems. I knew a guy whose eyes perpetually looked bloodshot and yellow. Please see a doc to test your liver function, and there are zillions of sites for alcoholism, stay online all day if it will keep you focused. You just type in whatever youre feeling at the moment to better understand ehat you are going through...for instance, " I feel like crap drank all day" get creative as you move into recovery.
It is more likely that you will be sent to jail for up to 90 days for contempt of court. And then you could be placed on even longer probation with alcohol abuse classes.
Maybe if you stop smoking W... they would accept you but when you are sober you are a bitter Old man when high you are stupid and talk way too much **** Now when drunk either way you get sweet in the hole and suppress your true Sexual identity if is V for woman OR P for men is the same thing to you
Yes, it will require additional scrutiny under the alcohol consumption guideline. The guideline is generally concerned with identifiable "incidents" or habitual behavior, and the time elapsed since the last incident or the completion of treatment. Read the ADRs discussion on the guideline, then read all the other guidelines and consider that it is a whole person judgment.
I know more than a few that have turned their life around and stopped drinking. And also a few that never did, never got enough motivation. My dad is 75 years old, has been drinking since he was 15 and has never as far as I know even tried to stop. He has alcohol induced dementia for the last 20 years or so, but that seemed to make him calmer, to not remember, I guess there was a reason that he started all those years ago and now he doesnt know anymore and he still drinks. He doesnt remember me anymore. I dont think he will stop, and I dont think it matters anymore. I have worked with public mental health and substance abuse for a many years and met people who didnt think they were ready to change, but something happened, like child protective services became involved, or a DUI or something else, and that changed the motivation and they got the power from within to stop. You need a reason, maybe not that extreme, but motivation is crucial. It is, as you already know, hard enough to stop, but with motivation it can be done. I currently work with a few people who have stopped and is struggling to rebuild their life, one piece at the time. It is doable. Even for someone who has been doing it for long. Drinking may be fun when you are young and your body can deal with it, but getting older and dealing with the problems that come with abuse is really not that much fun....it is like hard work, this one guy told me, to keep drinking, but to stop is also hard... If you get seizures when you stop you need to be in rehab when you do it, you shouldnt try to do it alone. Remember that it is more difficult to keep drinking though. The fact that you got a seizure shows that your brain is already damaged. But if you stop you can heal. That could be a good reason, that you would like to keep your health, and get back what you have lost.
Get yourself into Alanon, your siblings into AlaTeen, and leave AA pamphlets around for your mother. Shell read them when youre not looking, because inside shes as scared as you are. Shes addicted and doesnt know how to stop, and worse, shes terrified of stopping. Alcoholism is a disease, the only disease that tells you that you dont have it. Dont talk to her when shes intoxicated. Talk to her when shes sick the day after, when shes full of guilt and remorse. Offer to take her to an AA meeting and sit thru it with her. Find the number for the local Drug and Alcohol Counseling Services Center and have her make her own appointment to go. If you do it, it wont mean anything and she probably wont even go. If that fails, call them and ask for a family intervention. Theyll walk you thru it. I know youre angry, anyone in your situation would be. But it may help to know that Alcoholism is a chronic, progressive fatal disease<SEMCOL> the only outcomes are jails, institutions or death, unless she chooses to get help. So remember shes not having any fun out there, she is commiting slow suicide - shes dying. And remember the disease is telling her she doesnt have it. Shes thinking and believing alcohol isnt the problem, everyone else is the problem. Shes thinking alcohol is the solution to her problems, not the cause of them. Good luck to you and God Bless you and her.
The following webpage states: "Greater-than-normal levels of GGT may be due to: Alcohol abuse Diabetes Flow of bile from the liver is blocked (cholestasis) Heart failure Hepatitis Liver ischemia (lack of blood flow) Liver necrosis Liver tumor Lung disease Pancreas disease Scarring of the liver (cirrhosis) Use of drugs that are toxic to the liver"
Using vitamins to cure something makes it a drug. Synonyms for drug is medicine, medicament, narcotic, remedy, dope, cure. You use drugs to cure drug problems. Fix that last part.
last nite as a matter of fact and I was just toasting myself to life ! life is sweet , wonderful and short so make the most of it ! plus its kinda like alcohol abuse to not drink the lovely dark coloured alcohol ! enjoy youre buzz !
Yeah thatll b ok
Never tried it but.... -smells like sh*t -I dont understand why people like to get drunk. Losing control of your body does not sound fun. In fact, it sounds distinctly the opposite -some dumb@ss people deserve to have it taken away because they abuse it(not just in the form of being an alcoholic, but also in the form of drinking when they shouldnt, drunk driving, giving it to minors, pregnant women, ect)
Many people are very different when drinking than they are when sober. And those people who become violent and aggressive and mean when they drink alcohol need to not drink alcohol at all since they have a problem with it. You need to tell her that you can no longer tolerate her behavior when she drinks, and drinking less will not likely solve the problem. People who cannot handle alcohol need to not drink it at all. In fact, you may be in danger from her when she is drinking, so you really do need to decide how you will handle this situation. You cannot have a mature and happy relationship with someone who abuses you. And what she is doing is physical abuse.
Your parents are wrong for letting your brother drink. Drinking alcohol at a young age is not good for your health. A childs brain is still in development at your age. Drinking even a small amount of alcohol can have long term effects on your brain, and its more likely that youll become dependent on alcohol later in life. Right now, its not about what your parents decide, you try to think for yourself and evaluate this decision. If you care about your brain health and its development, isnt it worth it to wait a few more years? To me, you appear as a smart kid(though I may be wrong), and if that is the case then Im sorry to see you getting less smart because of underage drinking. If you dont care, then your body, your choice.
none
No. Ive told myself I never will and I cant afford to get addicted. When I want to escape I do it with excessive amounts of reading, writing and music.
To answer the question, its necessary to clarify alcohol can cause or exacerbate psychotic symptoms: if it is the direct physiological cause a diagnosis of Substance Induced Psychotic Disorder is given. Though it may look like Schizophrenia it often remits with treatment or abstinence and rarely exhibits the chronicity typically seen in Schizoprenia and some other Psychotic Disorders.
The harsh reality of alcoholism or alcohol abuse is that people can and do die from it. As AA says...its either jails, institutions or death...if the alcoholic does not get help for his or her alcoholism. Many times close friends or close family members try, without luck, to get someone sober. The problem drinker has to want help and there can be strong resistance...sometimes because of denying an alcohol problem and other times, someone just doesnt want to change. You may think your friend is the only one who needs help, but you would be wrong to think that as many of us who attend Al-Anon meetings have learned. Whether your friend finds AA or some other treatment program, you need to attend Al-Anon...www.al-anon.org...this is for friends and family members of problem drinkers. Go on their website and find an al-anon meeting in your city/town and try at least 5 or 6 meetings before you decide whether you want to continue attending. Good luck to you and your friend.
Ill use the french as an example, as well as my own parents (I too am a UK resident) Just because its the legal age to purchase, does not mean that is when you should have your first taste. Its like the reason why we have driving lessons, and [most] those take place over a long period. Gets you used to it, before youre legally allowed to do it on your own. With booze, the UK has such a high Binge Boozing culture in part due to the lack of the very thing youre asking about. Ive been blessed with sensible parents, thankfully. And a very irresponsible eldest sibling who taught said parents how to be sensible being showing what happens when they werent in this regard, or something along those lines. Unfortunately, that binge culture is the reason most arent sensible... using the idea that "fixing the booze culture by giving our kids booze" doesnt sound like the responsible thing. And too right, that, so plainly, doesnt sound right unless you know about it takes some getting used to it. Tell your parents, Most people who can handle reasonably large amounts of alcohol at a party (say, equivalent to four pints of lager, or whatever the equivalent wine is) do so because theyve gotten used to it. You dont want to be the kid at that party shunned because he wont drink, or made fun of because when you do, one beer goes to your head. You dont want to get drunk - as someone who probably hasnt, I gotta tell you, its not fun - you just want to be able to enjoy a drink. people who dont get that early experience tend not to enjoy one when theyre old enough to buy it themselves. Ask them, that maybe once a week with dinner, on a friday or saturday night, to a pint of beer, or correctly portioned preferred alcohol, so your system can get used to it and you wont be an ultra-lightweight when you do turn 18 and decide to get a taste. That said, I have no idea what the statistics on this stuff is, Im mostly working it out from my personal experience, so heavy bias there. I dont like being drunk, but I do like the drinking part, so I take my time. edit: also, to the others: people who start drinking at 16 and have alcohol abuse problems do so because they go from one extreme (none) to the other (excessive), and do so essentially behind their parents backs, if they still live at home. Example: my brother. I however, started at an early age. 9, 10, I think. Watered-down booze, basically. Maybe a quarter pint mixed with three-quarters lemonade style gig. I only had proper lager, half pints, when I was 14, and I was okay with it. I once abused it though... trip to greece, I was 15, and drank a large bottle on an empty stomach. Yeuch I couldnt walk straight after also drinking at a bar with my parents before we went for a meal. The food settled me down. (drinking on Empty stomach: bad idea.) Ive had two bottles in the last five hours. Im fine.
For those times when youre dying for a beer but dont want to get bogged down, you can make a beer that is low in alcohol but high on flavor. You dont even need any fancy equipment. Just a large pot (like your brew kettle) and a way to heat it (like your oven).......Read more: http://www.byo.com/low-alcohol-brewing/i   
I think it would be very sad not to be able to enjoy a glass of wine with a fine meal. Alcohol can be abused, but its also a pleasure. I wouldnt want to live without the wine I so appreciate. It would make life less enjoyable. Mind-altering substances include drugs for depression and such things as anxiety disorders. Many people really need them. In fact, most drugs that people abuse actually have important clinical uses. We cant just ban them. Smoking we can do without, and I say that as someone who once smoked. So, no, our world would be worse off without alcohol and many drugs. Edit: Filebuster, you dont seriously think that only America and Europe contain people who drink wine and other forms of alcohol, that only they include people who take drugs for various reasons? If thats what you think, you are quite poorly informed.
Cirrhosis of the liver
1) physical impairment resulting from use of alcohol intoxication 2) the process by which drugs are "processed" by the body is called elimination via metabolism 3) (this one is an exception) which of the following is an analgestic a- amphetamine b- aspirin c- acid d- ecsasy b- aspirin 4) which of the following is classiffied as an hallucinogen ( exception) a- morphine b - heroine c- codeine d- peyote all of em = d- peyote 5) the procces in which a drug is clensed out by the boy maybe you want sobriety as an answer 6) which is a term for a person who lives with and cares for a person who is physically dependant on alcohol codependent 7) which drud is classified as a stimulant ( exception) a - amphetamine b - codeine c- tranquilizer d- barbiturate a - amphetamine 8) process by which etanolis produced is called see #2+5 9) chemicals that affect the CNS and increase the heartrate and respirations a - amphetamine 10) which of the following drug is a derivative of cannibas ( exception) a- ecstacy b- peyote c- shrooms d- hashish d- hashish 11) what are the effects of a depresant drug depression 12) which of the following drugs can be used as a medicine to relieve coughs ( exception) a- tylenol b - codeine c- marijuna d- LSD b - codeine 13) what are the 3 leading deaths in teenagers suicide, death by father, IBS 14) which of the following classifications of drugs is alcohol included ( exception) a- stimulant b- depressant c- narcotic d- hallucinogen e- none of the above b- depressant 15) which of the following classifications of a drug is marujuna included ( exception ) a - stimunt b- depressant c- narcotic d- hallucinogen e- none of the above a - stimunt b- depressant d- hallucinogen 16) which of the following is not associated with long term alcoholl abuse ( exception) b- cirrhosis c- liver cnacer d- fatty liver caffeine found highest in cigarette is a highly addictive stimulant T/F T LSD also called angel dust is a very strong hallucnogen T/F T A Bac of .80 is considered to be the legal definition of DWI T/F ( i think is .08 and if its over that it doesnt count) T Marujuana smoke contains aa higher number of pathogens than ciggarette smoke T/F Currently, F OTC drugs such as morphine are highly controlled substances T All common knowledge.
"Just One" by Lisa Schaffer about a child killed by a drunk driver http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ih6bimPL    "Nothing To Die For" by Tim McGraw about reasons he should stop drinking http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-CuGqJf5    "Walk A Little Straighter Daddy" by Billy Currington about a father who is always drunk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3w5rWaRm    "Whiskey Lullabye" by Brad Paisley and Allison Krauss about a couple that both die from alcohol abuse http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYub1neLZ    "Water Into Wine" by T Graham Brown about fighting alcohol addiction http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Y96-Lmo2    "Sunday Morning Coming Down" by Kris Kristofferson about the loneliness and depression associated with addiction. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDCZCCQVb    "Not My God" by Keith Urban is about taking control over substance abuse "Some People Change" by Montgomery Gentry touches on a woman and alcholism "When The Word Was Thunderbird" by Billy Joe Shaver is about a man who lost his relationship to cheap wine "One Wing In the Fire" by Trent Tomlinson about a father who is an alcoholic whos family prays for his redemption http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiwSIMQb9    Stay Strong!!! Ill keep you in my prayers. So sorry to hear that. "High Cost of Living" by Jamey Johnson is about losing everything to alcohol and drug abuse http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4Earfzxc    "Choices" by George Jones about living with regrets associated with alcoholism http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQMI7TksY    "She Can   t Save Him" by Lisa Brokop is about a woman making excuses and covering up for her husbands alcoholism http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-zkWKcIE   
Becoming an alcoholic is usually due to dealing with stress or issues from the past, however some people are born with an addictive personality (you may have this as it runs in your family) this means you are more likely to get addicted to tobacco/drugs/alcohol. My best advise to you is something I stick to... Dont drink to feel better, only drink to feel even better so basically you can drink but just be aware that you shouldnt be drinking if you already feel down/stressed. I hope this helps.
WHY do you think you drink/use? Once you have uncovered the emotional reasons for the addiction, you can begin to affect a cure. The ONLY reason a person becomes an addict is to MURDER the emotional pain of his sobriety. The alcoholic does NOT want to drown his sorrows. He wants to murder them. Addiction is as close to suicide as a human can get---and still breathe.
This could cause death. The same results of smoking crack and drinking. And even a crack addict knows you dont drink and use crack. You are about to kill yourself.
I have schizophrenia as well.I have read up on schizophrenia a lot.Never have I read anything about alcohol abuse causing schizophrenia.Schizophrenia can be caused by a number of things.Some of them are genetics, head injury, traumatic experience, drug abuse, poor parenting during childhood, or a combination of these.
Alcoholism and its Effects on the Central Nervous System. Mukherjee S. Source Department of Biochemistry VCSG Govt Medical College Srinagar, Uttanchal-246174. sukhes.mukherjee@gmail.com. Abstract Alcohol abuse is a major health problem worldwide, resulting to extensive admissions in many general hospitals. The overall economic cost of alcohol abuse is enormous worldwide. As a small molecule, alcohol can easily cross membrane barriers and reach different parts of the body very quickly. Attainment of its equilibrium concentration indifferent cellular compartments depends on the respective water content. Alcohol can affect several parts of the brain, but,ingeneral, contracts brain tissues, destroys brain cells, as well as depresses the central nervous system. Excessive drinking over a prolonged period of time can cause serious problems with cognition and memory. Alcohol interacts with the brain receptors, interfering with the communication between nerve cells, and suppressing excitatory nerve pathway activity. Neuro-cognitive deficits, neuronal injury, and neurodegeneration are well documentedinal coholics, yet the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. The effect can be both direct and/ or indirect. Inthis review we highlighted the role of alcoholism and its impact on human health. PMID: 23713737 [PubMed - as supplied by publisher]
Thats a rough spot.. my father has been an alcoholic for over 30 years.. As much as he might want to get better he may never be able to.. Alcoholism is a disease and honestly as in my dads case, if he stops drinking it will kill him.. I would say join a support group.. As far as your relationship with your dad, love him from a distance. You need to figure out somewhere else to go.. Sorry I couldnt offer any better advice for you.. =/
no your not addicted,although your body is trying to tell you something,try something else
none
Some people do not like losing control. Even a small amount of something can cause the feeling, and set up anxiety that it may get worse, etc.
Opinions vary, even among the experts, on anything to do with lifestyle and diet issues, so Im not going to try to tell you what to do. However, some diet experts recommend about 5 grams (which is not very much) alcohol per day is part of a healthy, balanced diet, even for quite young kids (but not for little babies or infants.) Most of the studies show that drinking a little alcohol every day, especially a bit of wine with dinner, or a couple of cans of beer before dinner, (with some snack foods, of course) is better than binge-drinking a few times per week or per month. Most governments (and other non-government authorities,especially in the USA) dont want to encourage people of your age (or even old farts like me) to drink, so you shouldnt expect to hear the *good news* that a LITTLE bit of alcohol daily could actually be quite good for your health. Alcohol abuse, which is very common in your age-group, worldwide, is a much bigger problem than the issue of responsible, "under-age" drinking, in my very humble opinion. What do you and others think? Best regards, Adam
Do your own assignments
The site below is the list of approved provider of Traffic Law & Substance Abuse Education Course. It also lists their phone numbers. Some say classroom only, some say classroom/internet, and some only say internet. I would give one or two of them a call to make sure you can do this online.
Find a natural high, like a sport you like to play or a hobby. Dont keep drinking because it will mess with your brain and take away whatever your natural high might have been.
none
Suicide is illegal. Why? Because willful self-harm is a sign of mental illness... The Constitution permits laws to prevent or diminish self-harm... QED Quite apart from which, the Constitution gives the US Congress the power to "make laws"....technically, the Congress could pass a law that makes eating Cherrios illegal, and that would be COMPLETELY constitutional....it is their JOB to make the laws...
You will not have withdrawal symptoms. I have been a pretty heavy drinker at times. I have also served in the U.S. Navy for 6 years. Every once in awhile my ship goes out to sea. There is no alcohol on a Navy ship. We can be out to sea for a few days to a few months without seeing land. When we do pull in, if were not at home port, we go out, find a bar and get smashed. A few days later were back at sea, again with no alcohol. No ill effects aside from the possible hangover that first day.
We are out of place, arent we...but my partner and I do not drink, nor does anyone in our family. Its just never been a part of our lives, by choice. And I never serve alcohol to guests. In business, people think its odd when I mention it, but then I always laugh and tell them that just leaves more for them.
Sounds like my father... I would ask yourself a question, would the Lord want you to be hurt by your father? Would He want you to have to put up with his mindless verbal abuse? No, he wouldnt. There are times where you just have to let it go. My father started off like that, the EXACT same as you. He wouldnt go to rehab, he wouldnt go to therapy, he picked on me, and I was never good enough. He was also an alcoholic and bi-polar. When I was 13, he started hitting me. Four years later, I gave him another chance and he blew it. Now him and I dont speak. Id suggest that you slowly start distancing yourself from him. Some people just need to find help on their own and there really is nothing he can do about it. He will in turn realize what hes doing to everyone and hopefully will change his ways.
From GCSE biology, I know that because the neurones in the brain are extremely sensitive to ethanol, that when alcohol passes through the brain, it damages these neurones, and ultimately causes slurred speech, loss of co-ordination and memory loss. Long term use has a big effect on the liver too, causing fatty liver and chirrosis. The reason why it is bad to binge drink is because not enough of the enzyme (alcohol dehydrogenase) that breaks it down in the liver can be produced in such a short space of time. This means it circulates in the blood longer, and does further damage to the brain. Prolonged usage of alcohol increases the chance of becoming addicted to it, and there is also an increased risk of cancer. That is why drinking alcohol in small amounts and reguarly is better than just drinking 10 pints once a week, because in small amounts the enzyme can break down the alcohol before it can do significant damage to the brain or other body organs. Hope this helps :)
Continue to not make assumptions. Alcoholism is an insidious progressive disease. The best diagnosis is by the individual him/herself, i.e., admitting that they have a problem with alcohol. Those who start running afoul of the law (DUI, domestic abuse, etc.) show clear symptoms, but intervention is best done by an AA member.
Shell get sick and puke it all up and feel even worse than she did then before, plus shell be out of Tequila and thats never good! Tell her to get a grip, its just her young mind messing with her, if its really that bad, like shes being abused at home, then she should get help to fix the problem. We dont hold high regard for our own lives when we are younger, its natures way of making sure we are scared to leave the pack and take some chances, but it can also make a persons thinking all messed up. Theres a chance it could leave her very messed up, and a 1 in 40 chance ( at best) that it would be successful. The odds arent in her favor on any level. She needs to break the cycle of thinking suicidal thoughts, it becomes a comfort zone for the brain, a way to solve problems it cant see solutions to. But almost always there are solutions, it just takes time and more thinking to figure things out.
If you abuse your body it will let you know. Im no doc but my mom is an RN and she always suggest to see a Dr. when something has been hurting. Your body is telling you something.
As a 26 year old who has had experience with nearly every psycho-active substance there is, I can unequivocally say that alcohol in excess is easily one of the worst, if not THE worst substance in maintaining a healthy mind. I have seen junkies of all sorts (smack addict, meth-heads, bong-monkeys, E-heads, etc) and BY FAR the most screwed up of the lot have been alcoholics. I know that when I began to drink a lot, depression and anxiety shot through the roof. Its not surprising as although alcohol doesnt actually kill brain cells, it badly damages the dendrites which are used to conduct messages in the brain. I would go so far as to say that its pretty much certain that if youre a severe alcoholic you will end up with mental illness of some sort.
Alcoholics (and any addict) hide their behavior because if they reveal it, they risk having to acknowledge that their consumption is excessive, which in turn creates the risk of being encouraged to quit. Most addicts do not want to face confrontation about their behavior, because then they have to either defend it, or admit its wrong. Defending it can be difficult, and admitting its wrong usually entails promises of stopping--promises they cant and/or dont want to keep.
worse in order: 1) Booze 2) Butts 3) Pot
Yes, I never advocate calories counting (telling someone with body image issues to count calories is like telling a heroin addict that its OK as long as they dont inject it. But that said, some people can get more than 2000 calories in soda and juice in a day. And if they are drinking that much, lord knows they dont eat kumbacha and soy. Yes, cutting out soda alone will show a dramatic improvement over time. But beyond that exercise is key. I just ate half a pie and a steak bigger than my head last night but I dont gain weight because I walk 15 blocks to dance class after running around a warehouse all day. If you eat 30 wings and drive to the gym to angrily wait for a parking spot to open, youre probably not going to lose too much weight. Everyone wants to lower their food intake but wont do any exercise. And as you can see by looking out your door is, they appear to be doing it wrong.
Please remember that alcohol is a depressant... visit blackdogtribe.com to get online support. Also visit yourlifeyourvoice.org to talk to a free online councellor. Look up exercise and depression, it releases endorfins which improve mood and brain chemistry. Also look up art therapy, channelling what yr feeling into something creative helps yr brain process the negativity in yr head, even if yr not good at art<SEMCOL> a could technique is doodling it brings yr thoughts into the present stopping u dwelling on the past and yr problems. If yr self esteem is low do and learn new things, small at first, this will give u a sense of achievement...Find some volunteer work, helping others or nature builds self esteem, it looks good on yr CV, it gives perspective, u ll meet nice new people and it gives u life experience and something to talk about, the more experiences u have the more empowered u will feel. And volunteer work gives good karma. U dont have to believe in God but finding some spirituality helps and good karma is a good start. When u find things that help come on here and share with the other troubled people, more good karma. Join clubs, groups, classes and activities in yr community were u ll meet likeminded people and have new things in yr life. U could even challenge yrself by joining activities u wouldnt normally be interested in. Also meetup.com or their app is great for finding meet ups of groups who have the same problems or interests as u... Dont be afraid to go to yr doctor and be totally honest, they ll understand and be able to help, medication or a change of medication can work wonders. A journey of self discovery is a good thing to do. Try different ways of living until u find one that makes sense. People have all kinds of reasons for living. And the journey of self dicovery is half the reward. Read The Magic by Rhona Byrne it has helped alot of people. And playing computer games has been shown to help with depression.also technology can be very distracting, there r tones of apps that can take up yr time<SEMCOL> a good podcast is android app addicts is great for finding new apps to distract u from yr problems even if ur not on android also The Moth podcast is really great for inspiring stories.. Good luck
To answer your questions in order: I personally think alcohol is awesome. Its a great way to socialise and have fun with your friends. Also, being drunk feels good. If not, youre doing it wrong. Ive never seen anyone have their life ruined by alcohol, in fact pretty much everyone I know drinks fairly regularly and also leads a successful, happy life. This includes all of my family, and friends of the family. My personal friends are a little too young for it to prove anything yet (we all just turned 18), but most of them seem to be going down the right path, if not all. If you never try alcohol, youre definitely missing out on an experience worth trying. Even the thrill of drinking underage is worth it, not to mention the actual feeling of being drunk. Still, drinking that young is always dangerous because your limits arent high, and you dont know where they are in any case. If youre going to drink, do it responsibly.
why your first option is alcohol? i see that you having a bad time but why alcohol? it will make you feel worse , dont do it to yourself please. The World is Beautiful , try to think about good things , make new friends go outside have some fun or read a book but dont drink and i hope you will find someone that will love you.
All the hep blood tests you had done only show whether or not you have viral hepatitis A, B, C, or D. I dont know if they did one or all on you, but it would just show whether or not you have the virus and nothing else. It would not show whether or not you have any liver damage from alcohol abuse or anything else for that matter. Other testing will show actual damage such as a CT scan, ultrasound or the best test is a liver biopsy. Blood testing that shows liver function can be a clue as to something being wrong with the liver, but its still doesnt show actual damage. It takes more testing than blood work to determine damage. Its like fitting a puzzle together with many pieces being put together that could suggest a person has cirrhosis through blood work alone. If someone has high liver enzymes along with high biliruben, low platelets, slow blood clotting time and high ammonia levels, then that suggests there could be liver damage present, but the doctor would still want imaging testing done to confirm it. A person can have liver damage and never know it since it is usually a very silent disease until it reaches the more advanced stage when physical symptoms show up. I had cirrhosis from an autoimmune disease and had no clue anything was wrong with my liver until 90% of it was already destroyed with scar tissue. The tip off for me was the accumulation of fluid in my abdomen. I was shocked to find out I had serious liver failure and would need a transplant. Any liver damage can usually be corrected and stopped if you take away the cause of it before it reaches the cirrhosis stage. If all your blood work is good in the things I mentioned above, then you most likely do not have cirrhosis.
Memory loss, chronic rage syndrom, physical abuse, depression Alcoholic should attend AA, church support groups and get antidepressants from a dr.
I also grew up in an alcoholic household (a lot more people did than will admit it -- about 10% of us) and so I not only suffered the same emotional and other abuse as you, I also became an active alcoholic. Stayed drunk all through Vietnam and for 14 more years afterward, then quit drinking. Ten years after I quit drinking, my kids mother and I divorced (she grew up in an alcoholic home, too), and then I learned that those of us who grew up in that environment all share several interesting personality traits -- we judge ourselves without mercy<SEMCOL> we either become alcoholics or marry them, we dont know how to make a rational plan and carry it through, we wonder what "normal" is, we have a very difficult time entering into real intimate relationships, we dont know how to trust, and on and on. Theres a paperback book titled "Adult Children of Alcoholics" by Dr. Janet Woititz, which makes these things very clear. I was greatly heartened when I read it -- just to learn that I wasnt the only person who had these characteristics was wonderfully encouraging -- Id thought that I suffered a solitary madness which nobody could understand until reading that book. Your guilt feelings, by the way, are from the "judge ourselves without mercy" syndrome, and your wondering if other parents from alcohol families feel as you do -- that comes from the "wonder what normal means" syndrome. Please feel free to PM me if you like -- Ive been through many years of psychotherapy, long ago, and I have read dozens and dozens of books on the subject too. Ill be happy to share any or all of it with you if you wish.
Sorry to hear that M. Im really not sure if your dad drinks heavily to date, or he used to. Sucks either way. Assuming your question was based on your boyfriends current habit, i believe it CAN become and addiction as he is very young to be drinking this frequently. Is there a reason as to why he drinks? Like constantly partying? Or is he just doing it out of the blues?
Breaking and entering robbery/ theft and possibly damgae to private property
Al-Anon/Alateen is a great resource for you and its free. They are meetings for spouses/children of alcoholics. They have meetings in most cities if you do some research you will be able to find one. AA is also a 12 step program that is free and available to most people if your dad is willing to try it. It took my mom 4 different tries before she finally made friends at her AA program and gave up the juice. 3 months sober!
First of all you have to inform your doctor with everything. Your medication can react to alcohol. Anyway<SEMCOL> I dont think those are "withdrawal" symptoms. Because to be considered as an alcoholic by WHO, you should be drinking every hour of every day. If you drink night to night youre not an alcoholic. So we wouldnt expect withdrawal symptoms. But typical addict behaviour: you may be telling us that youre a social and night to night drinker, even maybe youre telling this to yourself but be realistic. If youre being wasted evernight this is a problem. So it should be considered different. All in all<SEMCOL> those are effects of alcohol probably, but not the withdrawal symptoms. Try drinking less alcohol in the future month. If your hands shake and coordination breaks, go seek professional help about this issue.. Have a nice day.
because they go hand in hand, like love and marriage, you generally cant have one without the other. people usually drink before they do drugs . they also usually drink when they do drugs and when they dont have drugs, plus the counselor is just being open to all types of abuse not just drugs or alcohol.
The danger of seizures occurs when you suddenly stop drinking cold turkey when you have been a daily hardcore drinker for a long time. Once you stop drinking for over a week or two, then the danger of a seizure happening goes away. It usually happens in the initial detox period of the first few days when its most serious. If you have managed to be sober for 2 weeks and not have any seizures, they are not going to happen after 2 weeks. Drinking a bottle of vodka a day is a serious addiction to alcohol that would most likely kill your liver in time. The experts give an estimate of 10+ years for cirrhosis to form in the liver for an alcoholic. It might take less than that for some while it might take decades for someone else since many factors come into play in coming up with a time frame for each individual since everyone is different in their drinking habits and health. When you abuse alcohol on a regular basis, this causes inflammation in the liver and over time this inflammation leads to an enlarged liver and spleen. Its a very slow process that occurs to it reaching the cirrhosis stage which is due to this long term inflammation eventually causes scar tissue to form in the liver which replaces the healthy tissue. Its permanent liver damage that never gets better and never goes away. Over time, cirrhosis can progress to total failure and death. I might also add that many alcoholics think that because they feel good that they have no liver damage. A person can have a lot of damage and not even know it because there is usually no physical signs of a problem until the disease is far advanced. I had no idea I had cirrhosis at all until my liver was already 90% destroyed with scar tissue with only 10% function left. Its a silent disease until the liver failure is already in the more advanced stage. I never had any pain from it ever all the way up till my liver transplant since the liver has very few nerve endings and rarely causes pain. You most likely quit early enough that permanent damage has not formed yet, but you are headed in that direction if you start drinking again. I had cirrhosis myself from an autoimmune disease and had to get a transplant. It nearly killed me and I really dont think I could ever go through that again. You would not even qualify for a transplant as long as you drink. The first requirement at any transplant center for an alcoholic to even try to get a transplant is 6 months of detox under the care of a doctor before they will even begin to consider you for one. You never want to get to the point of having cirrhosis from your drinking. I had 2 cousins that died before they were 40 from cirrhosis of the liver from alcohol abuse. Let this be your wake up call and really get serious about staying sober. You cannot drink at all because you are an alcoholic. There is no "moderation" in drinking when its an alcoholic since they cannot control their drinking. You have to really understand that if you want to stay sober long term. Good luck to you. You are young yet and have a long full life ahead of you if you want. Its your choice to either make it a good one or make it a short sick one. Dont let booze rule your life.
It seems like you are really trying and that is good. The problem is, he sort of moved on since you were having the problems. That doesnt mean you two can never be together its just not for a while, which you understand. I would let someone that fully changed back into my life, especially if I loved the person. I would have never wanted to kick them out of my life but it was for their best interests and I would want them back when they have been able to fix the problems they have. You obviously have to continuing doing what youre doing, fighting your alcoholism as you said you know you have to. I would tell him that you still love him and know that he is in a relationship but also tell him that you will be there and you are fixing yourself. Tell him that if he can ever give you another chance you would love it, though you know it will be a while youll always love him so whenever he can come back is great. Tell him that he helped you by not enabling you and that you love him for that and for all the great things about him, tell him some of the things you love about him. Tell him that your life is automatically better because you knew him and if he could ever give you another chance you would just more eternally grateful than you already are.
Yes. Now, before I go any further I want to say that I believe everyone has the right to ingest any drug whether it be legal or not. Its your body and if you choose to poison it then so be it. This is something that I find very distressing about the current state of affairs in this country. Alcohol is most definitely a drug. It alters your mind and your body. You can overdose easily on alcohol and the damage it does to your liver can be irreversible. People think that because it is legal it is not a drug. Why do we drink? The obvious answer is to get drunk. Some people may dispute this argument stating that they only occasionally drink to "take the edge off" or that they like to have a beer or drink wine with dinner but this is a weak argument. Why drink a harmful substance without gaining some sort of reward from it? The reward is intoxication. Ask the crack addict or the pothead why they smoke. If they are honest theyll tell you that they do it to get high. Alcohol is not an exception. Ive seen more accidents and deaths occur from alcohol related problems than any other substance. In my opinion all substance should be illegal or all should be legal. Its a double standard which needs to re-evaluated. It makes no sense to ban other drugs when you can go to the store and buy a lethal dose of alcohol with a twenty dollar bill. Either we ban everything or we lift all bans. Alcohol is not subject to these laws because of the incredible tax revenues that are generated through the sale of alcohol. Some people say that alcohol is less harmful because it is more difficult to overdose. One syringe of heroine can kill but it takes many bottles of beer to be equally harmful. Consider this: if one were to drink a liter of vodka (which you can pick up cheaply from any convenience store) in one sitting without pause the results would be as damaging as the enormous rail of cocaine or the deadly syringe. All are addictive, all are physically and mentally damaging. Alcohol is no exception. Pick your poison.
Theres many reasons why people drink alcohol. Some people do it out of peer pressure, to be social, to reduce their inhibitions in social settings, for the love of the way a drink tastes, to help them relax, to help them forget about their problems, etc. But the persons who abuse alcohol have an addiction to it and, unless they get help and really want to change, they will continue to drink. And when theyre drunk, they tend to act out in ways they normally wouldnt if they were sober. I cant personally understand, either, why someone would want to drink to the point of getting drunk and getting sick. But for those addicted, the disease of alcohol addiction is so powerful that they have a strong desire to continue drinking<SEMCOL> they build up a tolerance and can have withdrawal symptoms if they suddenly stop drinking. Also, there are physiological and psychological changes that occur with alcohol addiction, so its not a simple problem, unfortunately.
I will reply to your question from a medical standpoint as Im a Pharmacist. So yes, it appears you are addicted to alcohol. Ill first explain how it works, and medications that are commonly used to help stop drinking. First off, NEVER COLD TURKEY off of alcohol or benzodiazepines (the class of drug we will discuss later). Alcohol works by increasing the neurotransmitter GABA, GABA slows down the firing of neurons in our brains which generally makes us tired, impaired, and sometime leads to poor decisions. When someone stops drinking cold turkey there brain has not adjusted to the increased in neurological activity (because GABA is not there to calm it) which leads to insomnia, and the most concerning issue, seizures. A seizure occurs when there is are too many synapses in the brain firing or misfiring. There are really only two drugs you can die from withdrawing from. Alcohol and Benzos. Opioids and narcotic withdraw is painful but not life threatening. You need treatment, and a support system as the medication is only an aid. You need to figure a way to stop the cycle. Its important to note that benzo, just like alcohol are addictive because they produce the same euphoria and effects. Benzos are a controlled drug (level IV) they are in the same class of drugs as Xanax, and Valium. Speak with your Dr about your condition, he may prescribe you Valium (its most common for withdraw because it has a long half-life) meaning it stays in your system the longest. Note, whatever you do, do not mix alcohol and benzos. Benzos are rarely lethal unless combined with alcohol. Also know that benzo will stop working after sometime. Your body can only produce some much GABA once depleted no matter the amount you take, it will have zero impact in your brain. Most sleep medications like Ambien and Lunesta work in the exact same manner and thats why they are not intended for use longer than 14 days.. Firs
Im 17 and I think that all of it tastes like sh*t, especially wine. If youre drinking to get drunk (like I am) I prefer vodka. Theyre cheap and you get drunk fast so you dont have to stand the taste.
The ones that come to mind are<SEMCOL> Anemia and Cancer (Liver Cancer, in paticular). Anemia - Drinking a lot can result in a low number of red blood cells that carry oxygen. This can cause people to feel lightheaded/faint, tired and more. Cancer can be more risky if the drinker also smokes tobacco. Here is a link that tells you about 12 risks of Alcohol, including diseases that you can have due to the alcohol. - http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcohol-abuse/features/12-health-risks-of-chronic-heavy-drinking I hope this helps. :)
Rehab is always an option. Rehabs have privacy laws and will not take your sister away unless your mom reports that she is physically or sexually abusing her. There are also Alcoholics Anonymous meetings that your mom could try. As for you, there are meetings called Al-Anon meetings that help family members live and deal with alcoholics. Good luck!
A lot of factors come into play as to a time frame for each individual regarding how fast they can have liver damage from alcohol abuse. Everyone is different and quite a number of things have an effect such as how much they drink, what they drink, how often they drink, genetics, how well their body tolderates alcohol abuse, body size, whether or not they have other health issues going on which can also have an effect on their liver such as maybe having a fatty liver from eating a poor diet, etc. All these things come into play in a time frame. Its rather rare to see anyone have serious liver damage such as cirrhosis (scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver) when someone is in their twenties even though it does indeed happen sometimes. The experts give an estimate of 10+ years for alcohol abuse to cause cirrhosis to form, but as you mentioned, it can take decades for some people. I had 2 cousins that died in their late 30s from drinking nothing but beer. Any type of alcohol can be abused and cause liver damage.
Below is a link to the DSM IV TR criteria for alcohol abuse and dependence. This is what the psychology community goes to for this sort of thing along with schizophrenia and things along those lines. If your mom meets those then she would be considered an alcoholic according to the DSM. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK443   
"I used to do drugs. I still do, but I used to too." Whats it matter? Do you want to read his dopey diary? Find out when and where he did how much of what with how much of what else?
You should do it. Its fine. Everybody has to experince it. Doesnt matter what age
Weed can be habit forming but is not physically addictive. No one has ever died from smoking weed, unless they were idiots (like trying to smoke a bong while driving stupid). Alcohol is more harmful, much harder on the body that pot. Youd be better off to wait on taking recreational drugs (including tobacco & alcohol) until your body and mind are fully developed.
Essentially both of them split into to answers: Without medication: One or two units a day shouldnt increase your risk of seizures. People with a history of alcohol abuse should completely avoid alcohol as this increases the risk of seizures even with small amounts of alcohol. With medication drinking alcohol may reduce the effectiveness of the anti-conulsant / anti-epileptic medication increasing your risk of seizures and causing other side effects like making you sleepy, drowsy/dizziness. With all medications the side effects are different - you can check then on the leaflet within the box or on the manufacturers site. So its most likely because of the medication!
For some people who abuse drugs and alcohol, the epiphany that they are hurting others never happen. For most of them, there is a point though where they can see it clearly and it can be a very strong motivating factor. It doesnt sound like that has happened with your ex yet. To live with someone who also have a coexisting relationship with a bottle is very hard, and can take a toll on both self esteem and other important factors of life. I dont think I could. My dad have those problems, he is in his late 70s now, he has never tried to stop, never acknowledged that he has a problems. My mom left, bless her for that, but losing his family didnt make him see that he needed to make changes. It is sad. Some like to call it a sickness, and maybe it is, but abuse is a totally different animal than any other sickness I know of. Good luck to you,
none
It will take a hell of a lot of pills to kill him taking Valium. Assuming he does not mix it with other drugs (which he has!), valium is rather non-lethal. A massive over-dose usually results in prolonged unconsciousness, not death.
I think alcoholism is much more of a neurological condition than people like to believe. It was certainly the persons fault for getting themselves to that point by partying too much, using alcohol to relax, or ignoring their genetic history (the same way a person who gets type II diabetes from eating too much sugar). Once a person become an alcoholic though its a real disease that creates a snowball type shift in brain chemistry and judging them is not going to help cure it. Nobody becomes an alcoholic on purpose, I think its more from a poor lack of judgement and peer pressure than anything else. Its never a good idea to kick someone when their down because chances are they will get back up again someday and believe me they will not forget or forgive that you kicked them. I get it though people like to judge others in a worse situation because it makes them feel better about themselves.
There is very little you can do directly other than to support his decision to go to AA, etc, like driving him back and forth. He has to commit to AA for it to work. That means daily meetings. Without his commitment to make AA work, it wont. He will quickly learn the expression 90 meetings in 90 days.
none
No. Whats the point of trying to keep someone alive who doesnt care enough about their well-being to avoid a very preventable condition?
Dont start doing that. Its the easiest way to become an addict. It could help, but if you drunk just a little too much, youll make fool of yourself. And if it helps, youll do it more and more until you feel the need the be drunk to do pretty much anything. After that you become an addict. Be careful. Id suggest you to drink only when youre with friends, preferably in a good mood. For me, alcohol just seems to boost anything i feel. If im upset i will just be more upset lol. And drinking before school wont help, you wont be able to concentrate. After you sober up, you could have a headache. I think there are much better ways to gain confidence. Tell yourself youre cool, beautiful and nice few times a day. Make yourself believe it. You can do it. Also, when with friends, say whats on your mind, dont hold back. Force yourself. If you say something stupid, they wont remember it in a day. Dont be afraid and be spontaneous. And people dont look at you to see whats wrong. Chances are much higher that people will be drawn to good things about you. My advice is that you should learn to be outgoing without drinking, and you can do it. Its not that hard, ive done it. And its much more fun.. Good luck!! :) EDIT: When i said with friends, i meant you should only drink when theyre drinking too. :D
Nice to see you are concerned for your well being. Education is the best way to go. Alcohol will elevate your serotonin levels in your brain while the booze is in your system and then will make the serotonin levels drop the next day.Depression. Doctors dont really tell you much but a therapist told me when my son was drinking a lot it makes the meds not work.He has been through a lot.Hospitalized and his condition got worse from drinking pints of vodka daily<SEMCOL> Do you want to stay well> why take the risk of messing your life up? Not so fun fact : 80% , most persons with a mental condition also have a substance abuse problem AND every depressive episode does a little bit of damage to the brain and takes longer to recover. A little is not a problem just be aware to keep it in check, one 8oz drink should not cause concern and stay well my friend. Question Have you heard of MI, a non profit whose mission is to educate? see www.nami.org Are you aware of the WRAP program? Google WRAP. . Both are free and highly recommended to manage well being. Consider yourself blessed if you are well. It is in your hands.Take care.
Break up the 25mg into as many doses as you can, two or three and space them out as far as you can stand it, meaning dont take it until you feel like crap. You will have withdrawls. You were not on them long enough to have any serious withdrawls, and the withdrawls will last no more than 3 to 4 days. Withdrawl doesnt really get serious until about 24 to 36 hrs from last dose. What will help with withdrawl if you can get it is some valium, but becareful because you should not mix that with alcohol.
Men are more prone to alcoholism, at least partly because they tend to self-medicate when they experience covert depression. Seeking help from others may lead to social ostracism because dependent behaviors are generally thought of as weak or feminine. When they are forced to cope alone, they often turn to self-destructive lifestyles, which may involve succumbing to addictions. "Men, Real concludes, are more likely to self-medicate depression with actions ultimately destructive to themselves and / or their families, many unaware that depression lurks behind and fuels their behavior. Real calls this hidden depression "covert." Statistics show at least twice as many men as women abuse alcohol or drugs or engage in antisocial personality disorders such as domestic violence. When incidents of covert and overt depression are averaged, the total splits evenly between men and women." [source 1] To compound this problem, there may be physical differences in how males process dopamine that make them more susceptible. [source 2]
Every alcoholics parents suffer from their childs addiction to alcohol and your Dad is dealing with it as best he can. In this case hes pretending everythings gone back to normal. Try not to let it concern you too much, Im absolutely certain he loves you. Pop along to an AA meeting. You can voice all your problems there to an audience of people who will have gone through very similar things and every single one of them will show compassion. You neednt feel ashamed or anxious about going, everyone there will be pleased to see you and you wont have to say anything if you dont want to. Just turn up, walk in, take a seat and listen. If you want to talk you can, if you dont you dont need to. Theres nothing you can say to these guys that will shock them and they will not judge you. Youre not to blame, its your disease. Remeber, youre not a bad person trying to get better, youre a sick person trying to get well.
Nope, I personally havent. Ive actually never touched any form of alcohol, drugs or cigarettes in my life. Id like to congratulate everyone who answer this question and honestly has became sober from some sort of addiction though. You should give yourself a pat on the back. Ive never been through it, but I still understand how hard it is to overcome something like that. The fact that you can now say youre clean/sober says a ton! Good for you and keep it up!
Drinking in moderation is wise for everyone, but it is imperative for adults with ADHD. Alcohol can be hazardous to your health and safety. The stimulant medications often used to treat ADHD can intensify the effects of alcohol as well as those of marijuana or cocaine. The amount of alcohol that would typically cause a "buzz" in those who arent taking medication can result in inebriation in those who are. Antidepressants can lead to the same condition. My advice? Just say "no" to more than one beer or glass of wine. Try nursing a drink and then switching to a non-alcoholic beverage. If youre unwilling to confine yourself to a single libation, I suggest skipping medication for the night. Those taking longer-acting medications dont have the same recourse. They remain in your system long after you take them, so talk with your doctor about whether going off long-term medication is wise. Remember, also, that if you skip medication for the evening, you may become hyperactive, inattentive, or impulsive, and act inappropriately or engage in risky behaviors. Ask a trusted friend or significant other to keep an eye on you and to drive you home. Those with untreated ADHD have another problem: using and perhaps abusing alcohol to feel better about themselves. The daily frustrations, job woes, and low self-esteem that can result from untreated ADHD take their toll on emotional balance. Thats why untreated teens and adults are at greater risk for alcohol dependency. Statistical studies show that the likelihood of becoming alcohol- or drug- dependent is no greater for a person treated for ADHD than that for the general population. But there is an increased likelihood of becoming dependent on alcohol if the condition is left untreated. So if you are receiving treatment for ADHD, dont feel compelled to abstain this holiday season. And if youre in the untreated camp, this is a good time to give yourself the gift of a thorough evaluation. Even after reading this your brother will probably still experiment but you will be able to look out for him and watch for any signs of any unusual behaviour from him due to him drinking alcohol.
A judge CAN approve unsupervised visits, but if there is proof of his condition, hospitalizations, hallucinations, etc then I doubt there are many judges who would allow a child unsupervised visits with someone who has such serious issues... Good luck to you...
You can ask the judge is random UA be done before and during visits as well as for supervised visit say under court order or even his family members if you trust them. Your best bet is to find any records of his past and present alcohol and drug addictions issues. Has he ever been arrested or picked up for DUI? Anything that has to do with the law is public information. Many places you can pay to have a background check run on him to see whether he is cleaning up his act or still in trouble. The other thing is ask the court for a psych evaluation to see how stable his is at present. Lastly you can request family counseling so that a professional can see the family dynamics and if he is really sincere in caring for his child while she is in his custody.
none
Leave him NOW. He probably will not ever change, there is a chance but it is a very slight chance. And right now, he has no reason to change, because you are putting up with it. Get out before something even worse happens. What if he hurts you even more than hitting you? Just being with him right now you are risking scars, broken bones...abusive men sometimes end up killing the person theyre with. And worst of all youre risking something happening to your baby-even if it hurts you to leave him, you have to do it for the child. Right now youre risking losing your baby too-all someone has to do is find out and tell CPS and they can snatch that child away from you if they find out whats going on. You do not want to deal with that in your life, TRUST ME AND GET OUT. You will get better even if it doesnt seem like it now. Later on you will say, Praise God that I am out of that situation and me and my baby are safe.
I think she was definitely with you both at the same time and she couldnt decide who she wanted to be with. She thought shed be ok with him but turns out she missed you and came back for a while. You shouldnt take that crap no matter how much you love her, try to move on by spending time with other people like friends and dont talk to her. Its her own fault for having this little escapade and if yous ever got back together thered be no way of knowing if shed cheat again. Hope this helps
You did not mention if your mother is developing fluid in the abdominal area, of which would cause her abdominal area to swell. This could be mistaken for having a beer belly. If she has developed fluid in this area, the fluid could press on her stomach making her feel like not eatting and could also press up against her diaphragm making it difficult to breathe. The doctor can remove some of this fluid by a procedure known as paracentesis of which will give her instant relief and make her feel a little more comfortable. Most Transplant Centers in the USA, require that an addicted patients be detoxed from alcohol for a period of six months (under doctors care) prior to being referred to them for placement on the liver transplant list. This is not written in stone...some transplant centers may not have this rule... Your mother will need you to be there for her. She may not want to talk about her condition or what is really taking place because she may be in denial of what she is learning or because it is natural for some patients not to want to see the pity in others eyes when they find out they are terribly sick. They want to be treated like they normally are and have charge over their own life...though they are losing it. It is very difficult to deal watching what others go through when they are in this condition.. The "being helpless to do anything" feeling can be alot to handle and the watching the suffering is even worse. However, most things in life our out of our control...and if we run away from it... we have to live with the "what ifs" the rest of our lives and the guilt that may be there. If your mother is only considered to be able to live for six months or less by her doctor...and she doesnt want care...the doctor may be able to sign for her to have hospice care. They will keep her comfortable the best they can until she passes on. You may also contact the Area of the AGing and see if they could be of help. They help the disabled many times. United way is another source of help. HOSPICE SERVICES: http://www.hospicenet.org/html/services.    AREA OF THE AGING: http://www.n4a.org/ Patients in advance stages of this disease can develop Encephalopathy because the toxins that would normally be converted so it could be removed from the body easily (ammonia) is now staying in the blood and going pass the blood brain barrier and into the brain. The doctors can start patient on medications to help remove the ammonia...known as Lactulose. If the medications is not taken and she has this build up in her brain...it can lead to her going into a coma. Encephalopathy causes sleep pattern changes, hand tremors, confusion, disorientation, mental problems and other symptoms. This condition can be mistaken for someone being drunk when they are not. Any blood seen in the sputum, vomit, or rectal area is a dire emergency to go to the ER. The blood does not flow well through the liver and backs up into the portal vein and varices... weak vessel that can easily break open and bleed and cause internal bleeding. Also, patients who have liver disease tend to bleed and bruise very easily because the liver can no longer make clotting factors to help the blood to clot. To learn more about Cirrhosis of the liver, here is two links: Medicine Net: http://www.medicinenet.com/cirrhosis/art    Wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cirrhosis Your mother has the right to refuse medical treatment. All they need to do is have her sign a document (which states this) and they can let her go and legally not be responsible for what may happen to her after that if she still refuses care. The only way around this is for someone to have the courts declare her incapable of making her own decision on this matter because of her disease or mental problems. They will then appoint someone to make them for her. It would be best for her to sign an Advanced directive or power of attorney form giving someone in the family the right to speak to her doctors directly and to handle her financial and medical affairs (if she is in surgery, or under the influence of strong medications, etc) The HIPAA privacy laws have made it difficult for even family to have access to their relatives information. Free advanced directive forms: Caring Connections: http://www.caringinfo.org/stateaddownloa    I hope this has been of some help to you.
What a *****! There are nice girls out there, dont let this experience taint you.
I suspect it is closely linked to the fact that people with average to low IQ are likely to be happier. Its not about common sense, its about knowledge and understanding. Smart people know and understand a lot about the state of the world and sometimes choose to escape into drugs and alcohol when that knowledge becomes too heavy a burden. The less intelligent dont bother listening to and analysing the news and considering how it affects the world around them and go about their jolly little lives without a care.
Sweetie.. you need to take a good look in the mirror. First of all you are 13. There are reasons there is a legal drinking age, Im not saying you need to abide by it.. but its dangerous. Addictions are easier to form when people start drinking at a younger age. On top of that, i fear that because you run to the bottle when things are rough, this could also lead to addiction. There are many lessons in life we all learn. One you will come across, is that life will always throw crap your way. Its not just you, and its inevitable. You do however, have a choice in how you handle it. You can make the best of a bad situation, and learn from it, or run from it, and for example cover it with alcohol, which only causes more trouble. Nothing is wrong with alcohol in moderation, and in a safe environment with people you trust. I was in a similar situation as you. A lot was going on in my life, and i found alcohol was an escape. The difference being that i was 17. But it was just as wrong. Some of the troubles i was going through allowed me to talk to a few drug addicts, and they told me that the scariest part in their addiction was looking at themselves, and knowing they no longer had control over the substance. It had taken control of them and they had lost all power to the drug. It may not seem like it, but Im confident that you are still able to control this problem. Also the fact that you are here asking for help is promising. It is tough to stop once you have started, i understand, so if you dont have the strength to quit, at least drink in moderation. There are other things you can do when you are upset with your situation instead of drink. You can go for a walk, write in a diary, learn an instrument, sing, do art, call a friend, talk to someone, "count your blessings", try to find the positive in a bad situation, and even exercise. There are many positive outlets you can choose to take. I really hope you can soon come to see that it isnt too late to turn things around. High school is an important time in peoples lives, and for some can determine their future. I suggest you suck it up, and show up for class. Try to get on the right track before its too far gone to catch up. Teachers just want to see you do your best. They do care if they are inquiring on your current "habits". They are not trying to make your life difficult, they want to get through to you, so you can succeed. Thats not some crap i made up, its true. I remember in grade 9, i had some stuff going on at home. I didnt do my homework, which was very out of the ordinary, and my teacher called me out on it. Other people hadnt done their homework either, but she insisted on calling home only for me, and talking to my parents. I was so mad, and felt like she was picking on me, but really she wanted to make sure i didnt drop school as soon as things got rough at home. My parents werent mad at me or anything lol, but they told me she wanted to make sure i was ok, and that she wanted me to do my best. (the real zinger of that story is it was only art class, and means nothing) but that "lesson" stuck with me throughout high school, and even when things got tough, i stuck it out, and felt even more badass for doing so. I hope you dont mind my long answer but your question spoke to me, and i wanted to make sure i put my 2 cents in. I really hope someone here gets through to you. It isnt too late to turn things around. That power is in you, and you have the ability to control it. Dont let the crap going on at home right now determine your future. tell it who is boss, and be a better person for yourself. xoxo please feel better
It is posible that the excessive alcohol intake at such a vunerable stage in your development has caused permanent damage. Have you spoken to your Dr about your previous alcohol abuse? It is important that they know all these things.
none
Heres an advice bro, avoid it completely, alcohol has various negative effects, and not a single positive effect, there is no reason to drink alcohol, other then a few minutes of entertainment, followed by hours of guilt, sickness, bad breath, and the list goes on, and on. So basically the solution to your problem is to completely avoid alcohol instead of cutting it. Remember alcohol is addicting, and just one cup, will impose on an extremely strong urge to drink again.
to be honest with you , ive never heard of a " recovering alcoholic " drinking again coz theyre bound to relapse back into drinking ! but she didnt get twisted and bent oughta shape after the bottle of alcohol in youre room had gone down her throat .. and neither did she lie or start hiding ! shed like to go with you to a hotel and have a few drinks with her and i think you should fully support her ! dont shut her oughta youre life and make her feel like shes a pariah ! remember " some people abuse the alcohol whereas others get abused by the alcohol " ! sounds like she was dealing with her grief by consuming alcohol and not that shes really an alcoholic ! give her a really big hug !
Ooh Mbg, I am sorry, sometimes we love to be in love and whats shes saying is that she loves you but shes not in love with you. You dont want to settle, plz dont, as you need a women to love you and be in love with you and yes, Love can hurt! I know from reading this, youve been by her side and been through it all but letting her explore? Im sorry, Mbg, that doesnt happen when someone is truly in love. Your giving her the key to go out and your kinda saying in a round about way, I will be here when you come back. Please dont stoop to that level, you sound like you have a pure heart and really love her but sometimes you have to let it go. You cant and shouldnt be in pain like this. Being in Love, takes 2 people! They worry about each other, they trust each other, they dont cheat or lie and they make sure the other isnt suffering or struggling. You will find that one meant for you, it may not seem like it because you believed it was so strong you even bought a ring! she may have fallen back into her drinking and I can tell you that if thats the case, she isnt thinking clearly. Please dont ever enable, all you will do is end up in heartach. If she stopped drinking, shes been upfront & honest and who knows? She may return but this isnt love. Im sorry, someone who loves, doesnt think about their own needs first, they think about each other needs and stay commmited, no matter what. I wish you the best and as I said, theirs a special one, out there thats just for you and once that happens, you will know deep within and wont be coming up with reasons as to why she left, etc... I will be praying for you, her loss, just remember that!
The therapist was choosing the lesser of two evils. Heroin will kill quickly, where as alcohol is more manageable. Will he need help getting off heroin? look to a suboxone doctor.and low cost withdrawal places. It sounds to me that he needs a qualified complete evaluation done and you could look at this place, since he has success treating all kinds of things. He uses SPECT scans to see what exactly is going on in the brain and then other tests. amenclinics.com, a neuropsychiatrist seen on PBS tv Or even PNP center in dallas, fort worth, tx Then you can know more what to do and how to do it. If he can just switch from heroin to alcohol in the mean time , that would be abetter choice than heroin. He could then go get evaluated properly an some better advice. He could also do more quicker to remove the underlying pain and issues with this type of therapy, than the clinical psychologist. eftmasters.com, or combine the two, mastersingeft.com, some of these may work over Skype also . It is a very effective method, and reduces symptoms so that they dont come back, unlike any other therapy. BTW: in regular conventional therapy it may well take 75 Plus years to get nothing done.
none
Shell get hurt, truth is what it is... She may even get defensive, but theres always that one person who cares enough to show no mercy. Good luck
It may just be a way for you to deal with everything at the moment, but things like "alcohol" can easily get out of hand. It can take a sudden turn, and a need suddenly becomes an addiction! See, this may just be temporary, and you might end up being all-right after all<SEMCOL> but i would recommend you highly to stop (now is never to late)! You keep remind yourself that this is only a way for you to deal with being "homesick", but what about finding other (more beneficial) ways to deal with it? I know its hard, but i think you might have to push yourself a little. Go out and try getting new friends and go socializing more! The worst thing you can do is leave all these problems to yourself, and depend on alcohol to solve it for you. Sadly alcohol only gives you a temporary comfort, and thats why the craving increases as the time goes by! And if you ask me, i think you should be enjoying your life as this particularly moment/point. I cant help but think that your description of an isolating, lonely and uncertain life(at the moment), is partly the alcohol to blame. Plus.. you kinda said it yourself! I dont think going to meetings would be a bad idea neither.. in-fact it could benefit you! And as for the amount you drink on what seems to slowly but surely develop into a regular habit<SEMCOL> i dont really think it matters too much.. Everyones different, and some bodies are capable of handling more alcohol than other bodies (genetically proven!). Just think of it as<SEMCOL> with every drink you take<SEMCOL> the more you are reducing your life with! 1.drink = - 1.year It may not technically be correct, but it isnt far from the real picture. Alcohol is dangerous, and ive been very alert of this in the environment i grew up in. However you seem to have family members who have dealt with similar problems, and your view on alcohol might be different and less threatening. Youre ruining your own life, health and mentality in your search of finding happiness.. and its really not worth it. Alcohol hasnt done any benefit for you, but has rather added even more problems to your list. I saw your post about being afraid of turning into an addicted alcoholic 6.months ago, and im sad your progress hasnt been what you anticipated. But you can stop it, and you can turn it around, and you can start by doing it TODAY! Stop delaying it, and just save yourself before its too late.. dont depend on being saved by others. Your life is on the line my friend... and start taking it more serious! And you might fool yourself to believe a change will happen tomorrow, and tomorrow will be tomorrow again, and etc! Tomorrow is not the key to the problem<SEMCOL> today is! So far youve been lucky, but lucky is such an uncertain word.
Bad idea to be a Tramadol user and to drink alcohol as you risk death by seizures. Tramadol is a drug I dont understand, it has only 1/200th to 1/400th the binding ability to the narcotic mu receptor that morphine has, it acts more like Prozac in inhibiting reuptake of serotonin. But tramadol is different from Prozac in that it promote seizures, 400 mg is the maximum daily dose for normal adults. Alcohol, when it is in the body, in normal amounts, tends to suppress seizures, but once it clears the body the brain is super sensitive to any stimulus that promotes seizures, for days. That is why people with epilepsy are not suppose to drink alcohol (doctor often neglect to tell them this or maybe expect their medications to do all the work). My guess is that tramadol has abuse potential owing to marketing, which includes giving it a controlled drug status.
none
none
Its not that bad as long as its responsible. If your parents have let you drink before then, its not that bad. If youre not some annoying little so and so thinking you can do all kind of spirits, its not that bad. If its only for special occasions, thats also fine. Dont drink regularly without parents knowledge or consent though, thats what leads towards alcohol abuse and pretty much throwing your life away.
Find yourself an Al-Anon group and attend their meetings. Cutting off supply is not going to take away your husbands will to drink, and that is true of virtually anything you can do. Al-Anon is for people with alcoholics in their families, and you can learn about the syndrome and what others have done to encourage sobriety of a loved one.
none
Alcohol is not the answer for your situation. The only thing it will do is get you addicted.
To me it sounds like alcohol abuse. If you keep this up until you are addicted and cant stop when you should not be drinking, then you are on the road to becoming an alcoholic. If you have concerns and are questioning your behavior, that is a good sign. Do you have concerns about your health? Has someone told you that you are an alcoholic? Are you drinking to numb yourself from feelings or escape a bad situation? My thought is that 4-6 beers within 2-4 hours is very hard on your liver and other organs and over the long haul will cause a lot of damage to your body. If you do some reading on Chinese medicine you will find that the liver rules the eyes, and people who abuse their liver often times get premature cataracts. Something to consider.
What is going to happen if you keep drinking? You   re going to overload your system with alcohol and develop the effects of alcohol intoxication. In fact, it sounds like they   re already kicked in. The tingling in your hands is probably due to the effect of alcohol on your nervous system. Shakiness and tingling are classic symptoms. Alcohol also causes impaired coordination, poor judgment, and altered perception, perhaps accounting for that zombie-like feeling. What   s most concerning is that you are drinking because you are depressed and feel destructive   and you think alcohol will help you forget. But it won   t! Alcohol is a depressant drug, and drinking it won   t make your problems go away   it will only make you feel worse. As for advice? In my professional opinion, get out of the hot sun, find your family or your friends and talk to them. Tell them how you feel depressed, vulnerable, and destructive. Have the courage to humble yourself and ask for help. (And trust me, nothing would make them happier than having your permission to help you.) You have depression, and you may be addicted. I would advise professional help from a local rehabilitation center or a medical professional. But speaking from one human being to another, I am deeply concerned about you. I may not know you or your situation, but I care about your life, and I want you to find recovery. My father was an alcoholic, so I know how your family must be feeling. No matter what you choose, I want you to know that you have a choice   right now. You have control over your life. You can choose to change. You can choose hope and life and recovery. Stop drinking, find your friends or your family and ask them to help you. If you wont do it for yourself, do it for your friends or your family--and the strangers on Yahoo Answers who also happen to care.
you are not in great health, but lucky for you, your liver can rebuild and recover. but youve got firute out a way to stay sober, not just for a little while but completely, and not find something else to subsitute the booze for. Im an alcoholic, I iwll always be one, period. but ive been sober for over 20 yrs. I first quit drinking in 1982, I got todther, started counciling, and got the bottom of ehy i WANT, NEED to self medicate with booze. i was sober, and happy for 5 yrs, then found out my huisnab wa having an affair. I shocked nad hurt, and decided, after 5 yrs of not drining, and plus i was older now, I could drink, just a drink now and then. within 3 weeks, i was drinking more than i ever had beofre i quit . it took me 3 yrs to stop drinking again. youve got some problems, now is the time to learn what is going on and hwy you want numb yourself. if you keep drinking, even bindge drinking, your healthy with continue to deteriorate, and more quickly than in the past. its gets harder on your body as you get older. i dont know whats going on with your nailsm but it IS directly realted to your health. for me going to AA meeting was fun i learnd to listen to people and listen to what we had in common, not what we didnt have in common. I have a prleblem when people try and force GOD as me, even though they use this world in AA, just skip over it if you need to. all they are tyrhing to get you to understand, is that YOU are not in control, of the world or when your drinking . its just a way of trying to get you to let the walls down. you wil learn so much from these meetings.. staying away from booze for a week or 2 isnt that hard, but saying your not going to drink again, is hard to imagine. so be aware, if you should start drinking again, look for the prgression or the binge drinking. if thats what you see, then go get help get some support. its fun free, and there are no bad side effects .lol there are some really wonderful funny gentle people there. alongs with some real loony tunes lol. the disease of alcoholism, is a disease that can and does affect all levels and classes of society. it does not discriminate. billionaires can become alcoholics,, people that have everything that they could possibly want in the world, still become alcoholics.. they are not bad people, they are good people with an illness. no diff than a person that get diabetis or thyroid disease, you stay away from the foods that make it worse, and you treat with medical care, of some sort of support. ok, im done, i wasnt trying to hound about AA meetings, but you are already saying you have a problems with booze, and your trying to help yourslef, htis is just more way of getting help and its free, and fun, and liberating. good luck! ..,
Im sorry you are having to deal with your mothers drinking. I know its rough. I know its embarrassing. Ive been there. Sounds to me like your mother does have a drinking problem. Shes drinking everyday and she tries to hide it. Even so, I cant say for sure that shes an alcoholic. No matter what your mom says, you are not responsible for her drinking. You cant make her stop drinking. Sweetie, in plain language you cant reason with a drunk. They will only hear what they want to hear. Alcohol controls their behavior and their thinking. They are really miserable inside and they want to make others feel miserable too. I highly encourage your to visit http://www.soberrecovery.com/forums/frie    Read through the forums and check out some of the links. Learn what you can about alcohol abuse and what it does to the alcohol abusers as well as those around them.
If you NEED the alcohol then you most likely have a dependency. If you can go without it then you really dont have a problem. Once you become dependent upon the alcohol then youre more likely to abuse it.
Well my uncle woke up one day and said Im gonna quit smoking and he did. Maybe you can do the same. You could also limit the amount of alcohol and cigarettes a day. Start off with how ever many you normally smoke and then go 1 or 2 less each day until you arent allowed to smoke any at all. My aunt is also doing an electric cigarette thing that she started doing. There are three stages I think. One electric cigarette with high nicotine. One with medium to low nicotine and one with none. As for drinking wise, you can stop any time you want because its not addicting. I suggest switching an alcoholic beverage with juice or tea. If this doesnt help, think of something that motivates you. Maybe your crush or maybe you want to have a nice body. Hope this helps! Good luck!
no. Im not opposed to you & your husband finding a place for him that he can afford & helping him to secure his own living arrangements somewhere but hes an addict & you dont need that trainwreck in your home. if he moves in, youre never getting rid of him. this would be a deal breaker for me. your husband needs to pay a visit to Al-Anon, take him to a meeting before you make any decisions about the son. if you do take the son in, then you need to have written rules of the house that spell out the conditions the son needs to meet to remain in the house & you & your husband need to stick to them & toss him out if he doesnt meet the conditions. but I suspect your husband wont do that.
Yes under the age of 18 it should be considered child abuse, over 18 you should know better and we consider you an adult.
Well, not drinking is never a bad thing (its sometimes a little boring, but definitely cheaper and healthier), but to be honest most people havent tried alcohol when theyre 13, youre definitely not alone. Your parents sound really tight, its very unfair that you get shouted at for mentioning alcohol regardless of context. Im not saying you should shout back at them, but at least tell them that censoring you from saying even certain words that arent rude or offensive because repression like that is tantamount to child abuse. I think its better for people to try alcohol before they move out, it just makes it so dangerous for people who can all of a sudden easily get alcohol and go to parties and drive but have no idea how to handle alcohol.
Hun, my parents divorced when I was four. I know its horrible when they fight, but maybe divorce will be the best thing for them. You will probably get to visit one and other, so it really isnt that bad I promise
As pr my opinion alcohol addiction is in both way. Consuming alcohol frequently may create tolerance to the body this may lead to increase in intake of alcohol and thus people get addicted to alcohol. Globally alcohol is considered as the way of running out from the problems but this is the virtual solution, it actually makes a person mentally and physically weak.
In a way its a worse addiction, because with drink, drugs and smokes you have to go to the shops or meet with dealers and part with cash, but you can crack one off anytime in private.
I like alcohol i drink alcohol every weekend , am not an acholoic , just coz my mum said it dont make me a alcoholic or a whore , am happy and alcohol makes me happy , besides its not like i drink it every day and not attend collage nearly eighteen
none
You probably need to work on your core emotions and self-image. Online Mindfulness Therapy via Skype provides an excellent way of getting help for anxiety, depression and other emotional problems. Please contact me via my website if you are interested in Online Therapy. http://www.counselingtherapyonline.com
He is addicted to alcohol. You need to take him to a de-addiction centre.
Because the tobacco company has so much power and same with the people who are addicted. Same with the alcohol problem since they got tons of money. People who works at a tobacco company actually are mostly non smokers since they know its addicting by the use of nicotine but also its dangerous and its so easy to get money.
Heroin and alcohol like the other answer said are central nervous system depressants-both by themselves when taken in large amounts can kill you but when taken together in just small they kind of make each other stronger and can be dangerous. What both of them do is they slow the heart down and cause respiratory depression (slow breathing) to the point of stopping breathing all together. Dying from heroin and alcohol is not painful it is a lot like just getting really sleep and going to sleep. It doesnt take long. Some people can die almost instantly from heroin. Cory Monteith had a long history of drug and alcohol abuse. Chances are he had been clean off the drugs and alcohol for awhile and then did too much which caused his heart to slow down and his breathing to stop. Heroin and alcohol dont always kill you, the reason people use it is because it makes them feel really good. The only problem is it is really really addictive and taking too much of it can kill you. Look at these links to get more info if you want it.
its in youre sub conscious mind coz youre afraid of the consequencies of drinking too much and you dont wonna get sick for days again ! but thats not how you develop an allergy coz like im highly allergic to chocolate ! it smells s wonderful and tastes delicious and i love to eat it but when i do , my bodys immune system goes on the offensive and causes an allergy attack no matter how minute the chocolate ive eaten ! in youre case you can drink but mentally youre against it ! next time take another sip and wait a while , and another sip ! like ive never done cocaine or heroin and i never will or acid either coz ive mentally blocked those hard core drugs .. so i never ever get tempted in the least bit even though ive carried cocaine in my hand for an ex g friend who was a crack addict !
Abrupt alcohol withdrawal can cause serious medical instability. Thats why you were given Ativan- to prevent seizures. Your doctors office is unlikely to write another prescription of the medication to a person with an addiction issue, however. I cant comment on the advisability of taking sleeping pills without knowing what they are. You should not be doing this cold turkey while home alone. Alcohol withdrawal is only safely done with medical supervision. I hesitate to offer you ways of easing the discomfort, because I dont want to imply approval of you attempting this on your own. Have you considered a treatment program or medical detox center to get you through this stage? Email me if you need some options for substance abuse treatment. rehabadvicejr@gmail.com- or here at YA. I work for a substance abuse treatment center.
We as people... Make ourselves anxious. Its all in your mind, because I know from experience that it takes a lot more than a week of drinking to get addicted to it. Ive been drinking for close to 5 years straight. Mostly beer, sometimes wine... Vodka or Bacardi when I have the extra money. I recently did a year in jail for a burglary. (from December 2011 to 2012) And I didnt get any kind of withdraw feelings or symptoms. I highly doubt that alcohol is triggering those feelings, but on second thought - It does loosen stress, so maybe you are creating a bad habit like I did... By telling yourself you need it to relax.
Yeah, but I guarantee youre not going to like it. First, if youre being neglected or abused, tell a teacher, your school counselor, or call Childrens Services. Second, its your moms life, what she chooses to do with it is her business<SEMCOL> if it is having a negative effect upon you, I refer you to my first statement. You cannot control anyone else, only yourself, regardless of what you want. Take the necessary action to have the authorities look at your situation, or accept it for what it is, suck it up and deal with it. Sorry, its just how life goes. You either do something to fix the problem, whatever it is<SEMCOL> OR, you accept it, live with it, and dont complain about it ... YOU make the choice. If you see something wrong and you choose to do nothing about it, you have no room or right to complain.
You should be fine, but everyone is different. I would say start with 1 or 2 of the oxys and see where that takes you. For a novice user, these drugs can make you nauseous and dizzy, which would mean a bad high and basically a loss of pills for you, so you definitely dont want to take too much and not have a good time. You should expect a euhporic feeling about 20 minutes or so after taking them. This will last for a little while and will then subside in to feelings of complacency, relaxation, warmth, heaviness, and general contentment with yourself and your sorroundings. It should last a good 3-4 hours, maybe longer, maybe shorter. You should also be able to drink again tonight, as the oxy should have worn off by then. The main thing you want to think about it the abuse your liver is taking from the APAP and alcohol. These drugs when taken alone are bad for your liver, and they are even worse for your liver when taken together. Generally 1000 mg or tylenol in one sitting is considered to be the maximum, so you should be fine. I just advise that you allow for a grace period in between alcohol use and high dose APAP use. So take those percs and enjoy your state of relaxation!
yes the one thing you can trust about an alcoholic is that until they reach real rock bottom they can never be trusted - All attempts to save them from themselves will go to pot because they really need to be in the gutter having lost everything before they catch themselves on - and not always then - Underlying mental health problems could be contributing to the decision to self medicate and suicide the painless way. There will be a reason for the drinking and the need to be out of their head But until they are really ready to face it you dont stand a chance. Best thing you can do is get out of the way and hope for the crash to come in time for him to have a chance at a life.
Using drugs to AVOID your problems does not solve your problems and that is a major issue with weed use, many of those that are using have stopped growing emotionally and socially and often become dead weight to those around them. The effects of weed persist for many days, or weeks in those that use often, other drugs like alcohol last for a few hours to a day. Both are harmful, we as a society do not need another intoxicant for those that are prone to drug abuse. "Driving after smoking even a small amount of marijuana almost doubles the risk of a fatal highway accident, according to an extensive study of 10,748 drivers involved in fatal crashes between 2001 and 2003   . - http://alcoholism.about.com/od/pot/a/pot    Marijuana smoke was listed as a cancer-causing agent by California on June 19, 2009 http://oehha.ca.gov/prop65/prop65_list/f    Even after adjusting the figures to take account of the other known risk factors, marijuana use remained a clear risk factor for testicular cancer. Just being a marijuana smoker seemed to carry a 70% extra risk, while those who smoked it regularly, or had smoked from an early age, had twice the risk compared to those who had never smoked it. - http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/7869709.stm Driving under the influence of cannabis was associated with a significantly increased risk of motor vehicle collisions, especially for fatal collisions - http://www.bmj.com/content/344/bmj.e536 Britains most senior coroner is warning that hundreds of young people are dying in accidents caused by their prolonged use of cannabis   .The dangers of cannabis were highlighted , which showed a sharp increase in drug-related deaths... in 2002, British coroners cited cannabis as the major cause of death in 18 out of 853 drug-related deaths. The drug was also implicated in a further 31 out of 1,579 deaths involving a cocktail of drugs. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1    Teens who routinely smoke marijuana risk a long-term drop in their IQ - http://news.yahoo.com/teen-pot-linked-la    Research now indicates that marijuana use increases the risk of depression, as well as schizophrenia. -http://www.health.harvard.edu/fhg/update    Marijuana smoke caused significantly more damage to cells and D than tobacco smoke, the researchers note. - http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/200    The most probable adverse effects (of cannabis use) include a dependence syndrome, increased risk of motor vehicle crashes, impaired respiratory function, cardiovascular disease, and adverse effects of regular use on adolescent psychosocial development and mental health. - www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/articl    Marijuana abuse during pregnancy and adolescence represents a major health problem owing to its potential consequences on neural development. Prenatally cannabis-exposed children display cognitive deficits, suggesting that maternal consumption has interfered with the proper maturation of the brain. - http://www.futuremedicine.com/doi/full/1   
Marijuana will never be legal in the military. Just as employers have the option of banning drug use as a term of employment the military WILL NOT have to follow Federal law if it changes. I was a Navy Drug & Alcohol Program person when the following incident occurred which spawned the Zero Tolerance policy: In 1981 a Navy EA-6B "Prowler" (4-seat Electronic Countermeasures aircraft) crashed while landing aboard carrier. The crash killed 18 and injured scores more. When the Navy completed its Accident Investigation it was determined that all three enlisted deckhands whose actions DIRECTLY started the chain of events that led to the crash all had THC (marijuana) in their systems. There has been no such similar incident connected to alcohol abuse. I foresee a positive drug test in the future if this is such an area of concern for you.
If you look closely, many of those people are very insecure. They need to adulation of others to make themselves feel better. That same personality trait can make one more susceptible to drug and alcohol abuse.
Alcohol is forbidden [an offence of confession] for monks and nuns but for the laity we follow the fifth precept: To undertake the training to abstain from intoxication and heedlessness. This precept includes alcohol abuse. For example, I drink wine and beer occasionally with a meal, but not enough for me to break the other four precepts (which includes harming my body).
Lets take this multi-tiered question in parts... Drinking Trouble I know its difficult for you, as a young, shy person who has unfortunately developed an issue with alcohol. I feel for you. Im quite sure alcohol plays a huge part in alleviating your shyness in social events,and helping you generally feel "normal". Sometimes it can get out of hand, in which alcohol is abused, as well as drugs, and that happens. And if I may be macabre for a moment, in that way, you are "normal"--we all abuse something from time to time, eh? But some of us may have trouble letting that substance go, and therefore, need help. Im proud of you and happy that you are getting help and you have a supportive family that cares for you enough to institute a little "tough love" (ie, not drinking in the home, going to meetings--and if i must say, they actually allow for you to drink socially within limits which is very lenient to my mind--pretty cool rents in that respect). I know it is tough. You feel like a bit of your security net has been removed. You feel a little loss without alcohol. That too is "normal." Just remember, you are stronger today for the restraint and respect you show your parents and loved ones, and the honesty you exhibit in coming to terms with your issues with alcohol and acceptance of your "punishment." So try instead of lamenting what youre going without and refocus on what youve gained by recognizing the folly of a path that might have ruined a less self-awre person than yourself. My Sisters Wedding Im sorry you restricted yourself from the social events preceding your sisters happy day. I dont believe that was necessary unless you felt out of control or that you could possibly abuse alcohol again. And for that I also applaud you. For someone perceiving an immense struggle against "the demon alcohol" youre showing surprising strength of character. But again, as a shy person, you may associate, and remember vividly with great longing, how alcohol made you feel bolder, more present, happier and less introverted. Im sure there are plenty of people out there who struggle with alcohol (and those who dont) who understand your fear and anger. You want to be sociable but feel you cannot without alcohol. But let me throw in this wrinkle. Try to remember that the day isnt about you and how you feel about alcohol. Its not about how inept or clumsy or naked or simply "unnormal" you feel at your sisters wedding. Most eyes are going to be on her anyway, so if you feel a little off, a little overwhelmed, take a moment to step away--excuse yourself to powder your nose or whatever--go into a quiet place, refocus and remember the great many strong and decisive steps youve taken so far to conquer something that has ruined many lives, and often taking them. Remind yourself that you are a survivor. Remind yourself that it isnt the world outside and how awkward you feel in it that is the enemy, alcohol is, with its seductive lure of calm assurance in ones self. You have that in spades already, even if you dont know it. And do not feel obligated to suffer in silence, or even alone. Talk to your family or loved ones about your feelings, ambivalent or not. If theyre making so much effort to keep you alive and out of trouble, the least they can do is understand the hard choices and struggle you face in real time. There are meetings and counselors to help, as you well know. And allow yourself to cry, to grieve. If you step away from the wedding a million times, its going to make you stronger and stronger each time you do it. Remember, youre already strong, youre already doing the work, willingly or not. Just keep doing it. And soon, youll look back and realize your ambivalence fueled a healthier, more stable and wonderful future.
1. Driving under the influence of anger can be as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol. A. TRUE B. 2. The rate of alcohol involvement among drivers involved in fatal collisions was four times higher ___________ A. B. at night than during the day. C. 3. If you accumulate too many points on your license, it will be __________ A. B. C. revoked. 4. The second thing to be affected by alcohol is ___________ A. C. judgment. 5. Once a person has been drinking, they underestimate the risks of being on the road, and ___________ their ability to tolerate alcohol. A. B. overestimate C. 6. A Hospital sign is an example of a __________ sign. A. C. guide 7. BAC stands for __________ A. Basic Alcohol Consumption. B. 8. How much time will you save on a ten mile trip if you travel at 60 mph rather than at 55 mph? A. Less than one minute B. 9. About seven percent of those who try in any one year to quit smoking cigarettes on their own actually succeed. A. True B. 10. Prescription drugs __________ A. C. may be illegal to take when driving. 11. Which of the following is not effected by alcohol? A. C. Sleep 12. The most confusing and difficult lighting exists at what time? A. C. Twilight. 13. When it comes to driving under the influence, the best method for making choices is to ___________ A. C. Neither of the above. 14. Alcohol is a __________ A. B. depressant. C. 15. People who have been drinking tend to ___________ their ability to tolerate alcohol. A. B. C. overestimate 16. A drug user who has developed a high tolerance to a drug could take an overdose large enough to cause death. A. True B. 17. Which of the following statements define withdrawal? A. When a user stops taking drugs and the body fails to function normally because it has compensated for the drug. B. 18. Traffic collisions are the number one killer of children in America. A. TRUE B. 19. Alcohol has to be digested by the stomach and intestines before the full effects are felt. A. B. False 20. The rule that says "Do not go faster than is safe for conditions" is known as the ___________ A. C. basic speed rule. 21. Under Florida law, a driver can refuse to submit to a test for alcohol or drugs without any consequence. A. B. False 22. ___________ like heroin, and cough syrups with codeine, can make a driver drowsy and unable to concentrate. A. Narcotics, B. 23. As a first-time offender convicted of DUI/OWI, you could face __________ A. C. both of the above. 24. Narcotics are pain killing drugs. A. TRUE B. 25. Your driving record __________ A. B. may be available to the public. C. 26. Fifty-six percent of teenage motor vehicle crashes occur on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. A. TRUE B. 27. After suicides and murder, motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for 15- to 20-year-olds A. B. False 28. Even if they are not directly involved in a crash with a drunk driver, sober drivers are still at risk from drunk drivers. A. True B. 29. Alcohol plus ___________ affects short-term memory and tracking ability. A. marijuana B. 30. If you get a headache or dizziness while sitting in a car with the engine running, you could be suffering from ___________ A. carbon monoxide poisoning. B. 31. Drinking a large amount of alcohol in a short time can kill you. A. True B. 32. A speed sign is an example of a _________ sign A. regulatory B. 33. Girls who drink are more susceptible to sexual assault. A. True B. 34. A pedestrian crossing sign is an example of a regulatory sign. A. TRUE B. 35. When people become addicted to alcohol or drugs, there is a cost in __________ A. C. Both A and B
They will get a detailed history of your using history. They will want to know all of the drugs that you have tried- even once, at what age you first used each substance- including alcohol, huffing, legal and illegal substances, the amounts that you used with each, if you have had any health issues relating to substance abuse, any arrests and/or all legal repercussions relating to substance abuse, any substance abuse treatment you have ever had- including 12 step meetings, psychiatric care, counseling and any residential treatment and/or medical detoxification. Bring a list of all current prescriptions with you. Most evaluations include a drug screen. Its an all encompassing questionnaire and interview, and takes time, but is composed primarily of your own background, so its not something you can really prepare for or study up on. It helps to bring any documentation you may have- probation or arrest reports, or proof of treatment. I work for a substance abuse treatment center.
It is not safe to give dogs alcohol. They are affected by it more than people are. It can cause liver damage and poisoning faster than it does in people. To do it intentionally could be considered cruelty to animals.
It shouldnt be hurting her feelings to find out someone is concerned for her well-being. Just tell her how you feel. Youre worried about her because it seems like shes getting addicted to alcohol, and that drunk people arent in the right state of mind. They get taken advantage of. Bad things can happen when shes in that state.
Sometimes you can do absolutely everything you can, and yet it doesnt seem to make a difference. It sounds as if it isnt an issue of picking drinking, doing drugs, and playing video games over you, it seems as if hes trying to cope with himself. I could understand perceiving it as you do, but those three things are escapes from reality. He is trying to run away from something, even if it isnt himself. I wouldnt leave him because it sounds like he loves you but isnt able to show it, but I would bring it up to him and ask him whats going on.
Without researching the statistics, I would certainly say that it is right up there, probably tied with nicotine. However, the social consequences of alcohol are much more far reaching that either nicotine or caffeine. Alcohol is heavily taxed and regulated. It still can cause a life to spiral out of control, although it does have use as a beverage in quantities far too small to be intoxicating. In view of that, isnt really stupid that people want to legalize any other intoxicants? Isnt alcohol bad enough?
Oh you poor darling. For your sake (and his) I hope it passes quickly. You would be able to get some support, advice and understanding by contacting your local Alca-anon. There will be members there who have endured the same trauma as you. Please reach out to some other people close to you for help. Withdrawals, in a physical sense usually only last 1 - 3 days depending upon the level of toxicity. However the cravings may (and usually do) last a lot longer. The person addicted to alcohol may or may not make up their mind to change. Unfortunately there is nothing anyone else can do to make that road any easier. Your father HIMSELF must decided that he wants alcohol out of his life.
Human beings have many basic needs including food, shelter, social interaction, etc. But some could argue that humans (and other animals as well) have an innate desire to experience altered states of mind. Psychoactive (mind altering) drugs have been a part of human culture for a long as civilization has. The most famous, and perhaps the earliest popular psychoactive was alcohol. The effects of alcohol have been known for thousands of years. Shaman in the amazon use ayahuasca, a powerful hallucinogenic tea to communicate with the spirit world. Native americans use psilocybin mushrooms and mescaline-containing peyote cacti as right of passage rituals. Marijuana has been widely used and socially acceptable in India since ancient times, and the opium yielding poppy has been hailed as a miracle plant. No other natural chemical on earth has been proven to be as effective at releiving pain as morphine has. And it is not just humans, but animals in the rainforest often nibble more often at plants that get then high. In fact, that is how tribesmen discovered these psychoactives in the first place. But in present day culture, I think that we are addicted to euphoria. Drinking alcohol is justified with, "I like it because it tastes good, not because of its effects". Specifically, the desirable effects of alcohol on the mind are the euphoria and relaxation brought on by a couple of drinks (or the sedation and numbness brought on by a few too many drinks). If people didnt like these feelings, theyw ould not drink alcohol, whether it tasted heavenly or burned your mouth. But almost everyone can universally agree that these effects are enjoyable. We enjoy having control over our state of mind, and alcohol and drugs are a short cut to good feelings. This obviously becomes and issue when over used, but moderate use of alcohol and responible use of drugs is not always a bad thing. If people had access to real, factual information about drugs, etc, people wouldnt overdose or do dangerous drugs they are not ready for. But, that is just my opinion. My point is, people love euphoria (the feeling of well being, and happiness brought on by most popular psychoactives) and use alcohol to acheive this. And make no mistake, alcohol is as much a drug as heroin is.
The same reason it is rampant in downtrodden, impoverished areas. I dont need a study to know this, because I live in a city part of the year that has a large government housing complex made up of 90% whites and I see it first hand myself. So why is this? Poverty.......poverty is the root of many evils. Depression, lack of education, crime. Add to all those regular societal ailments, generational trauma and a continued quiet genocide by the government and there you have it.Ojibwe4
I can answer a few of the questions: 5. B) Tolerance 16. B) False 17. C) Heroin 20. B) ecstasy 24. A) inhalants On the note of "huffing" (fumes or chemical vapors), my friend actually has a severe BRAIN INJURY from inhalant use at the age of 12, now in her 30s. 37. A) uppers or "speed"
none
Tasting a drink and seeing if you like it will not make you addicted. Some people are alcoholic and pass out the first time that they drink a lot of liquor. Having an alcoholic in the family does not make you one. Just try and drink one or two in moderation, and do not drink everyday. Use common sense and enjoy the drink<SEMCOL> there is no reason to go overboard. You also may find that you really dont care for alcohol as well.
Just leave him. My uncle was a big drinker and used to hit my aunt a lot. Even kicked her in the stomach when she was pregnant once. Eventually, she stabbed him and was charged with attempted murder. She was acquitted based on it being self defence. This is just an extreme example of how this sort of thing escalates. You know what, he never did change either. They were not together after that, obviously, but he kept being a drunken asshole. Im not saying that nobody ever changes, just that if being stabbed in the lung whilst being drunk and hitting your wife doesnt change you, then some people never change. My advice would be to leave him before this sort of thing happens to you. Especially if you have kids. Most of my cousins were not old enough to even know it had happened, but one of them was around 9 and he was there for this whole thing. Thankfully he has turned into a great guy, with a degree, a good job and a lovely girlfriend, but we both know he could easily have gone down another path. Leave before you have to go through anything similar. Edit : I understand, but thats emotional blackmail. As harsh as it sounds, let him kill himself. He wont, of course. People like this are too self centred to harm themselves. However, one way or the other, dont let him blackmail you into staying. Just as a further point, my uncle was a nice guy when he was sober. Most of them are. Its how they get what they want- be it money for alcohol, or whatever else.
By association with other seriously alcohol addicted and drug-addicted people yes, but if you drink reasonably and mix with normal people then no. The phenomenon of binge-drinking easily opens the gate to those who want to sell you drugs at a time when you couldnt care less. In this life there are going to be winners who can hold themselves together and losers who cannot.
Some people become addicted to sex and relationships just as some people become addicted to drugs and alcohol. Love and sex are not necessarily weaknesses in everyone, but for some people, they are a source of weakness.
Speaking from an adults point of view, NO THAT STUFF IS BAD....speaking from my actual point of view yea no harm in trying it everyone does, you shouldnt get drunk off of only 3 sips of beer haha, itll prob take you a couple of them since you sound like you havent drank, if anything the weed will hit you hardest your first time but smoking is pointless, I smoke, I wish I didnt and I wish I hadent started, your missing nothing but a sore throat and a cough along with being less fit :P P.S. I know you said only one puff of a cig but thats all it takes sometimes.
Yeah kind of. Its addictive to some but zero to others. The difference is that you cant actually get addicted to weed, you get addicted to the high. With alcohol you actually get addicted to alcohol instead of the high. But its basically the same thing.
Cannabis (Marijuana) is illegal because it can cause mental health issues. In an ideal world, alcohol should be banned for a similar reason, but alcohol use/abuse is too ingrained into society and culture that the backlash would make it impossible.
No. It leads to badly misspelled words on Yahoo Answers. Silly Troll. Fzix are for trids, No...tricks are for Dids, ....wait Ticks are for Kids...Ya, see I knew I could get it wight! Silly wabbit
Alcoholism is probably the most destructive disease on earth. It destroys everything in its path. AS much as it pains me to tell you this, its time you get out of this relationship. It will end up in a very ugly way if you continue. Been there.
since the hey-days of BSB
Uh, I dont think anyone has ever died of liver failure from watching too much porn.. So Id have to say being an alcoholic is worse..
Id say alcohol is worse, not weed. I dont smoke it myself but I have known many people that do And Ive known many alcoholics, Alcoholics that turn evil when drunk. Who sexually abused, verbally abused and physically. Ive lost friends to drink related deaths. Ive seen people die of liver cancer Ive seen many many fights and voilence and sexual assaults happen under the influence of alcohol. The weed people Ive known - Ive never ever met a person who turns into a physically abusive person when under the influence of weed. Ive known people who are really smart that smoke weed and I mean really smart, and wow they could have mind blowing conversations. kept jobs down, were really creative. Ok so Ive known people that have been dumb who smoke weed but theyve always been dumb not because of the weed. And here is a connection I have made People that end up mentally ill who smoke weed have all had traumatic pasts, where they have witnessed and been through some horrific things, which I believe to be the cause of their mental health problem not the weed. Because the ones Ive known who smoke it and had really good childhoods and things arent affected mentally by smoking weed in any way. So I dont think weed causes mental illness. The reason there is a link Is because people who have been through more in their life are more likely to become addicted to a substance, and because they dont bother getting their heads sorted and just try and block it all out by drugs their mental health worsens but not due to the drug but because they dont bother going and getting therapy or councelling they just try block it out. And also like you say I dont think people who smoke weed are paranoid. And like you said i think alot of them have common sense in not believing everything the media tells them and for being suspicious about things. They think the governments not on their side, ooh they must be a paranoid lunatic then LOL. Sorry this isnt exactly research but this is from evaluating people I know. I dont drink or smoke weed. But yea alcohol Is worse than weed In my opinion. Must be all that FLOURIDE they are ingesting, its doing the job of dumbing them down. Everyone is so gullibly controlled by a television, Im glad Im not. People just dont like to admit that everything has negative side effects and consequences. they like to pick on one thing to justify the things they like doing. well thats what its seems like.
none
none
It sounds like your blood sugar level is off. when you get like that try eating some chocolate I met a woman when I worked at a State Hospital and that is what she did until her body adjusted. BUT, go see a Dr. They might have some medicine that will help balance your sugar level.
Prohibition led to an increase in alcohol consumption and organized crime. The best thing would be to educate and inform the people of alcohols dangers and benefits so that can make informed decisions on whether or not to drink.
Next time her hands are trembling tell her, I notice you shake when you havent had a drink for a few hours, that her condition is dangerous and her life is a crashing plane on fire. Its easier for alcoholics to deny the truth if you pussy foot around the subject.
No. It comes down to individual cases. We can easily seek out and find an better functioning alcoholics then the marijuanalic. The Jeff Spicolis (Sean Penn) of the world are a well earned reputation. Pot is not generally cited in domestic violence cases. Pot is not generally cited in fatal car crashes. I think these are accurate statements and goes to show the abuse alcohol takes from society and law enforcement. In most cases pot can be shown to be involved in both domestic violence and fatal car crashes but it is rarely checked once alcohol has been detected. Alcohol is societies scape goat for all its ills. Well not all of em. Alcohol does not kill brain cells. Alcohol in EXCESS over an EXTENDED time of use can cause brain damage. We have seen brain damage in the pot smokers too. In time with moderate to heavy use a pot smokers becomes lethargic both physically and mentally.
Milk before drinking lines stomach........but Ill be honest the best cure to both is not drinking.....and if your friend as problem try to get them help....my friend died due to liver problems thru being a alcholic....and I tried endlessly to help her but END of day ....they need to want to help themselfs
Yes. My policy in life is to help ever and hurt never. Love ever and hate never. My own brother is an alcoholic. He is absconding. I am seriously in search of him for the last three days. I want to help him at any cost and bring him back to normal or original mental condition. It is not difficult for him to regain the natural qualities of being a human.
Difference between Alcohol Abuse and Alcohol Dependence Alcohol abuse is consumption of large amounts of alcohol disregarding the consequences. Alcohol dependency or alcoholism is a medical disease that describes an individual that is addicted to alcohol. Difference between Alcoholics and Addicts Alcoholics are addicted to alcohol. Addicts are addicted to a substance, which can be anything, including alcohol.
Take him or her to a rehabilitation center. I know you may believe theyre too young to be addicted, but trust me, theyre not.
I suggest you look up cirrhosis of the liver to find out since there is no exact amount. Its a very long process that happens in the liver over many many years of alcohol abuse that slowly destroys a liver from drinking. An 18 year old would be more at risk for alcohol poisoning from drinking too much at one time which can be fatal, but it still does not destroy a liver. It makes a person go into respiratory failure and their heart will stop. Now if a person has been drinking heavy for well over 10+ years, then cirrhosis can form which is permanent liver damage that never gets better. It occurs when scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver. One person might have it in 10 years while someone else might take decades depending on many factors that come into play in coming up with a time frame such as what they drink, how much, how often, genetics, how well their liver handles alcohol, any underlying medical issues that could contribute to the problem such as maybe a fatty liver from a poor diet, etc. There is no one answer to your question, but hope this helps you understand it a bit better.
It depends on what you mean by "a little bit drunk" and if you care about it or not. God looks at the heart. God teaches moderation, but if a believer drinks excessively then it can cause problems<SEMCOL> if they make a habit of drinking excessively, then it becomes a concern and a problem that needs to be addressed / resolved by intervention before it potentially turns into alcoholism. If it reaches the point of alcoholism, then it becomes a significant problem that requires immediate intervention. If a person has a rebellious "I dont care" attitude or they make excuses to drink excessively (habitually or the like), then yes, they are in real danger of forfeiting the kingdom of God. If a believer recognises that drinking excessively is a sin and does not make excuses, but is genuinely repentant and struggling against alcoholism or drinking excessively, then God   who sees our hearts   will take notice of their struggle, and in His compassion and mercy He will forgive them and they will be saved even though they may stumble and fall into sin. What is our motivation for drinking excessively? Its not a requirement to having a good time, and most people have a great time drinking in moderation or not drinking at all   even at parties. So what is our motivation, really? Trying to impress others or do foolish things? You dont need alcohol to do that. Peer pressure? Rebellion? God knows your heart, your thoughts, and your motives. God teaches moderation because He cares about you and loves you, and He knows that abusing alcohol can be destructive and weaken you against other attacks against your body, mind, and soul / spirit. Even so, there is forgiveness, salvation, and a living hope in Christ.
Im far more concerned about your abuse of exclamation points! Stop drinking. Sounds like a plan, yeah?
That sounds like what I went through while recovering from binge drinking. The chest pains especially. My own personal experience is you are dehydrated and have lost nutrients so eat drink and rest and maybe some counseling into why you have been drinking to suck excess. Maybe your or depressed or just anxious and that is where the panic attacks are stemming from. I am no doctor but drinking to the point of passing out is hard on your body and mind and they must recover, withdraw symptoms are possible but either way, see a doctor, you may need to take something for these symptoms. They have medications just for withdrawing from alcohol and changing your life may be hard to do on your own, there are things you need to take a good look at like, "Why do I put my body through this?" and "What was I trying to numb or make easier?" Lack of confidence? PTSD from abuse? There are many reasons I believe you should see a professional but most importantly because some withdraw symptoms are life threatening so its important you receive medical care during this period, hope this is helpful
Im pretty sure its illegal in many states for a woman to abuse substances in such a way that they harm a child in utero. Women are being prosecuted for it. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2000    I totally agree with you about incestuous marriages though. I do not think it should be the governments place to tell two consenting adults that they are not allowed to be life partners or have offspring together.
You have every right to feel the way you do. I can tell your a smart kid as well not the jealous type just feeling a tad bit insecure about this entire alcohol situation. Sounds like a good relationship, just between a rock and hard place is all. She wants to have fun, she wants to drink, she wants to feel alive. Say this.."I know youre happy that you can drink legally now, even though you know how i feel about alcohol. I can be understanding... just dont forget about the ones who truly care about you." Here is the thing, when you arent there, and she is drinking, if she can still text you and call you through out the entire night of her drinking, without acting abnormal, its ok. But, if she cant even handle her alcohol, you need to put a stop to this. ANY person who gets lost out of their own mind with alcohol is bad news. I dont care if nothing happens the 1st or 2nd time, something will happen sooner or later. Some people can really stay conscience of everything no matter how much alcohol (like myself <SEMCOL>) ). but come to an agreement.
They are both bad if abused, or in the case of marijuana, used while in your teens. Want some facts? http://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/dr   
very low ! addiction to alcohol world wide ? ADDITCTION ? very low. sure people drink alcoholic drinks but addiction  ?? very low, less than 1 %
He wont quit unless he has a group to go to. AA is good, but even searching on craiglist for a group that meets to discuss addiction is a step in the right direction. Does he have buddies that are in the same situation? Maybe some that have come out of it? The first hurdle is getting him to meet with people, but the biggest hurdle will be him meeting after hes "stopped" the behavior. As far as smoking, thats a really tough one and being a serviceman I expect hes connected with both acts, but certainly smoking, to more than just the substance. I really suggest you tackle the alcohol first, as this is less of a physical dependence. It would really really help, in my opinion, if you were able to contact other vets in similiar situations...that would help with both the physical and psycological triggers. Good luck man...looking for help is hard. Let you dad know youre trying, and that hes worth not giving up on.
Theyre similar in effects because they both focus on the same chemicals and neurotransmitters in the brain. I would be the worlds most horrible ***** without my Ativan too
He doesnt condemn alcohol usage. He condemns alcohol ABUSE.
No.. A little info I think should be considered about this drug Versed ( Midazolam ) that is used for Sedation for many medical procedures..Sedation and General Anesthesia are not the same and quite a few people being given Sedation think they are being given General Anesthesia! There is simply no good or valid reason to ever purposely induce amnesia during a medical procedure. It is only a recent development in medical thinking that amnesia is somehow a "benefit" to the patient. On occasion some some patients will remember a bad experience. Forgetting does not mean it did not happen!! I feel that if people were aware of the effects of this drug they would Opt For Another Drug! Erasing someones memory of what was done to them is wrong!! In fact, many people who use Versed for " IV Sedation,Conscious Sedation" Twilight Sedation, during a procedure are Awake For The Entire Procedure but remember nothing, often Believing They Were "Out" the whole time. Versed (Midazolam) is an amnestic. It is also commonly used for minor procedures like setting broken bones,colonoscopies,endoscopies, dental procedures like extractions,conscious sedation,twilight sleep, so that patients wont remember pain and discomfort.HOWEVER THAT DOES NOT MEAN THAT THOSE SENSATIONS WILL NOT BE EXPERIENCED!!!! A note from an anesthesiologist I agree that using midazolam alone in painful situations is wrong. Ive heard people getting colonoscopies and screaming, and maybe they remember, maybe they dont. A note I got from someone on Yahoo Answers who did have a bad experience..This is very disconcerting... My sister said she heard me screaming from the waiting room but assumed it wasnt me. When we left we heard another female patient screaming. I did a lot of research since your post, thanks so much for the info. Here is a note from a Dentist Who uses Versed Ive used Versed 1000+ times during oral surgery procedures and Ive never had a complaint. Its a miracle drug because it is safe and it causes you to not remember an unpleasant experience. My answer to him is isnt it better to have not experienced the pain than to have forgot it. No wonder you have had no complaints they have no memory of the procedure..... There is a blog about this drug you may find interesting http://versedbusters.blogspot.com/2005/1    @ Why I post this note.... What got me started on this subject was a few years ago my wife broke her Femur and was in the emergency room waiting to get it operated on. They asked me to wait outside the room because they wanted to set it before the operation.They gave her Versed and the screaming was horrible. I was told she would not remember and she didnt but I do know how she suffered. I feel that when this drug is used for its amnesia effect its abuse. I complained and the head of emergency services called me he agreed with me that something for pain should have been given. I spoke to the surgeon on a follow up visit and asked him about what had happened,his remark was she does not remember so what. Other experiences with this drug I know people who had had colonoscopies and do remember having pain and yelling during the procedure,so I guess amnesia does not happen to everyone. Most every time a Doctor tells a patient to have a colonoscopy they say you wont remember it and not you wont feel anything or suffer. I feel that giving a drug for amnesia is cruel I would not want it done to me! It is only a recent development in medical thinking that amnesia is somehow a "benefit" to the patient. On occasion some Patients will remember a bad experience!
Its just a reason they to use to excuse their bad behavior,
none
If this guy has cirrhosis of the liver from alcohol abuse and says he does not have a drinking problem, he is lying or in total self denial. It takes many many years, even decades of heavy drinking to cause cirrhosis (scar tissue) of the liver to form. Quitting for just a month is nothing at all. He is definitely an alcoholic even though not an active alcoholic right now, but he is going to be an alcoholic for the rest of his life. That means he cannot control his drinking which means he must stay away from all alcohol and cannot just a little like other people do. He has to avoid ALL alcohol. It will be a struggle for him to not drink and if he says he doesnt even have any urges to drink, that is a total lie because he would be the first alcoholic in the world that did not have urges. He would have to be sober for at least a year and preferably several years before you should get into any serious relationship with him. A month is really nothing at all. You dont know this guy at all. It would be very foolish of you to even think about marriage at this point. You need to get to know a person before you would ever consider marriage. Havent you ever heard about all the horror stories from people who meet men online only to find out they are nothing what they say they are. This guy could be a serial killer and you would never know it. His drinking problem with cirrhosis is a huge red flag to stay away from him. Be warned. Who is arranging this marriage? Your parents? Why would you even consider an arranged marriage in this day and age. I cannot imagine ever being in an arranged marriage ever. I didnt know people did that today except for maybe third world countries that still live in the dark ages. Never ever go with a guy you met online until you get to know them very well and never believe anything they say including drinking habits and even having a good job. You need to be with them for at least 2 years and I mean with them by seeing them in person on a regular basis with dating and then maybe you might know them well enough to think about marriage. You are too trusting and you need to get smart and start using your brain about this instead of your wish to have a wonderful husband and live happily ever after. That only happens in fairy tales. You could do something you will deeply regret if you dont smarten up.
Yes, it is, if you have many older relatives who are addicted to, or abusers of, alcohol. There is a known, (although speculative) connection between family history and alcoholism. Try reading this article, linked below, and make up your own mind if you want to be a drinker... Best of luck, whichever way you go!
Well, lets analyze ..... Alcohol: When you get drunk, there is a likely chance that you will hop into a car, start driving, and crash. Which may result with death or a severe injury that can be life threatening. You say things you would never say out loud. You get addicted. Drugs: You get highly addicted to, it costs a ton of money, and if you are caught using or buying some illegally, you will be sentenced to jail. Its brain damaging, and death is a colossal side effect. So, to wrap it all up, both are addictive substances, and are life threatening. However, using drugs in my opinion, is worse because it is even harder to break free from, and it damages your brain and keeps you under depression or dopey behavior for a longer period of time. However, alcohol can kill the innocent people around you. And that is more tragic than killing yourself. ~Emmaline?
none
I agree with the previous posters: youre addicted and you need help. You need to tell somebody--anybody--about how youre feeling. This is the most important thing right now, even more important than trying to stop drinking. In the end, your family and friends will find out anyway, and its not going to be any easier to tell them in the future. If you take the leap of courage now, you will save yourself (and your family) a lot of pain, guilt, and health consequences in the end. Youre probably not considering it now, but start thinking about getting professional help at a rehabilitation center. Quitting isnt easy, and staying sober is even harder. Many rehab centers offer a short-term program (even a 7 day program) that can significantly help you towards sobriety. Consider it now, consider it early--before alcohol ruins your relationships, your health, and your future. Rehab has helped my dad, and it can help you.
Sometimes, its hard to talk to people about the way they act. It sounds harsh but you cant make anyone do anything they dont want to do, or in other words, she needs to decide for herself that she is ready to quit. You can offer support, but for her to truly conquer her addiction, she has to be willing herself to fight it. Because addition is a real battle. Youre fighting to keep your life. Ask her, what kind of life is this, to always give in, to not defend your life and your happiness, to continue to let something run your life for you? It sounds harsh, but thats the reality of the situation. Remind her that she is strong, that she always has a choice. Life is tough, but we at least have a choice to lead our ship in the direction that gives us the best chance. and even if she gets off course, and slips up, its only a slip up, dont make make yourself feel guilty and give in, just jump right back on course. Like I said, it may still be hard to talk to her, maybe show her a movie, like Flight, or something simillar, because people tend to connect more with seeing other people in the same situation and what happens to them. The visuals could touch home. And for you, dont let yourself get overwhelmed. I know its stressful to see her like that, but also dont forget to take care of yourself as well. Be a good example for her.
youll be fine. some people (not gonna say i do it lol) take pills while drinking and dont die. it just makes the effects better
What? I never drink.... and my friends do it on occasion I know girls and guys alike who drink a lot... I have no idea where you are getting your sexist views from.... maybe you are hanging around the wrong girls...
Alcoholics abuse alcohol. They cant live without it. People who drink a few glasses/bottles/cans a week use it to cope with life. Its the amount that changes.
pros... can make you more sociable, make you feel relaxed, help you expand your way of thinking. cons... can make you ill, paranoid, act like an idiot, create social barriers, lose friends, damage to your health longterm physically and mentally, you can become addicted, costs money, can get you arrested. lol... the cons seem to outweigh the pros in all honesty... the key is moderation... as with most things... if you are using drugs and/or alcohol daily in your life then you are either an addict through repetition, a habitual user which is not so bad, but when it comes down to you just getting high because you feel you have to, and you are thinking only about getting high all the time, that is when its a problem and you need to stop, or moderate. there are too many hardships in life and life without some form of escape soon becomes mundane and lonely ... laughter is the the best medicine as they say... and drugs (weed) and alcohol coould be considered catalysts for the body to get happier, faster...
No. Absolutely not. I take 0.5 mg klonopin too each night and it has a label of no alcohol on it. It is meant for anxiety. I have tremendous amount of anxiety due to being unemployed and it has done a lot of damage to my health over the years. For this reason my doctor prescribed me. it is also known as clonazepam.
Your symptoms sound correct to your situation. People who have an alcohol dependency normally experience headaches and nausea but this would not explain your extreme thirst. Extreme thirst is actually a sign of uncontrolled diabetes. Your doctor should have given you something for your diabetes as well. If not I suggest that you seek another drs help for controlling your diabetes. Endocrinologist specialize in diabetes management but they are pricey and family practice doctors are capable of properly managing diabetes. Genetic diabetes can come at any age so it doesnt really matter that youre only 32. The dr gave you a prescription for diazepam but this is a addictive medication so I would use it with caution since you should be coming to the end of your alcohol withdrawal. People who have one substance abuse issue are more likely to get others.
none
Well, if you happened to be on medication for a diagnosed disorder and then had a drink, Id say no, but if the person is mixing the two to achieve an altered reality, then yes, they are abusing drugs and alcohol.
Yes you should be honest. Otherwise you risk fraudulent enlistment and MEPS does not have to catch it. I just had a guy in my unit get sent off with a dishonorable discharge for fraudulent enlistment after 5 years of service. It wont disqualify you for anything, so fess up! Also if this comes out that you lied in a security clearance interview through another person telling the investigator about it, is discovered, or is picked up on polygraph youre screwed. There are plenty of programs in the service which helps service members battle alcoholism. The Army has "ASAP" or the Army Substance Abuse Program and guess what not only do self enrolled soldiers free from negative actions but they get points toward promotion for completing the class!!!
Vicodin is Really Dangerous When Taken With Alcohol Alcohol and Vicodin are both Central Nervous System (CNS) Depressants, which mean they both slow down the brain and spinal cord. Most importantly, they slow down the hypothalamus, the part of the brain that controls breathing, blood pressure, heart rate, temperature, and various other important functions. When working together, the additive effects of both substances result in greater CNS depression, creating a dangerous effect that could stop breathing altogether. Taking these two drugs together can easily result in overdose, especially since it is hard to keep track of doses and drinks. Learn about other dangerous drug combinations. Even    harmless    and    careful    amounts will intensify adverse effects, such as impaired judgment, clouded thinking, and incoordination, which all increase the risk of physical harm both to you and others around you. Driving can be especially dangerous since the individual thinks that he or she    didn   t drink enough to get drunk    so driving    is no problem.    In reality, Vicodin has similar effects to a couple of more drinks, making driving or other activities just as dangerous   and deadly. Vicodin Is Dangerous Because Acetaminophen Kills Your Liver When most people think of Vicodin overdose (OD), they assume death occurs from the opioid hydrocodone (the active ingredient in Vicodin). Little do they know that acetaminophen   our innocent, everyday Tylenol   is the cause of death! Vicodin is a combination drug, a mixture of acetaminophen and hydrocodone. A typical dosage contains 5 mg of hydrocodone and 500 mg of acetaminophen. So in a single pill of Vicodin, the acetaminophen content is 100 times greater than the amount of hydrocodone! People also mistakenly think that acetaminophen (Tylenol) couldn   t possibly be as harmful as hydrocodone   after all, it has none of hydrocodone   s addicting properties, nor does it depress the CNS. How could it possibly kill? Acetaminophen kills because it is toxic to your liver   the organ that has over 500 crucial functions. Taking 1000 mg (1 gram) of acetaminophen at one time could cause permanent liver damage if done regularly. More than 4000 mg (4 grams) could poison you and cause severe adverse effects<SEMCOL> over 7000 (7 grams) will definitely kill you. Any more than 2 tablets every 6 hours could potentially land you in the hospital (if these are the standard 5/500 Vicodin pills). So don   t even think about taking as many pills as you can until the hydrocodone    high    is satisfactory<SEMCOL> the acetaminophen overdose will land you in the hospital way before you reach that point. Other points to consider: Alcohol can also damage your liver, and people drinking more than 2 standard drinks of alcohol a day should limit acetaminophen consumption to 2,000 mg (2 grams). Be cautious when you take other drugs that contain acetaminophen (Tylenol, Percocet) along with Vicodin. The amount of acetaminophen you take per day should not exceed 4,000 mg. Which drugs and alcohol combinations dont mix?
I have written and made several speeches on alcohol (wine mostly). The speeches seemed good at the time, but to sober listeners and to me the next day, they seemed not so good. That aside, I suggest - We ban party drugs because they are harmful and dangerous, yet we sell alcohol in supermarkets. Does anyone here think it is a harmless ? Governments are addicted to the tax revenue is why. Adults wanting kids to not drink is a classic case of "do what I say, not what I do". - The real question is not how to prevent young people from accessing a substance any fool can make with water, sugar and yeast, but why this drug is acceptable (even revered, as in fine wines and aged whisky) in society when we all know it makes people consistently stupid and often violent. The same advertising that is used to get adults to drink particular brands of beer is being seen by the kids. If the advertising is any good, the kids will want to drink too.
A lot of people who are bipolar try to medicate with alcohol, but if shes taking medication that will only make her condition worse. The most you can do is encourage her to seek professional help for both her bipolar and alcohol abuse. Make sure shes sober when you talk to her<SEMCOL> its clear shes suffering and needs professional help.
There are 3 parts to every thesis statement. 1) The topic of your essay 2) Your opinion on the topic of your essay 3) The reasons for your opinion. (have 3 reasons why you think this.The objective of this is to persuade your readers to believe your opinion) It should generally go near the end of your introduction paragraph. Heres an example. Topic: Shopping at Walmart Opinion: Everyone should shop at Walmart Reasons: 1) Walmart has a variety 2) Walmart has a large inventory 3) Walmart has cheap prices Now, lets write the thesis statement. You can write your points at the end or beginning of the statement or in the next sentence.Choose whatever prompt you like the most to use in your paper. Listed at the end of the sentence: Everyone should shop at Walmart because they have a variety,large inventory, and cheap prices. Listed at the beginning of the sentence: The variety, large inventory, and cheap prices at Walmart are why everyone should shop there. Points listed in the next sentence: Everyone should shop at Walmart.They have a variety, large inventory, and cheap prices. You should create a strong thesis statement. Dont make it weak. Heres characteristics of a strong thesis statement     Answers a specific question     Takes a distinct position on the topic     Is debatable (a reasonable person could argue an alternative position)     Appropriately focused for the page length of the assignment     Allows your reader to anticipate the organization of your argument Characteristics of a weak thesis statement. You should AVOID doing this.     Vague: Raises an interesting topic or question but doesn   t specify an argument     Offers plot summary, statement of fact, or obvious truths instead of an argument     Offers opinion or conjecture rather than an argument (cannot be proven with textual evidence)     Is too broad or too complex for the length of the paper     Uses meaningful?sounding words but doesn   t say anything
Most drink because of peer pressure. Many are addicted. Also ppl like the drink. Others to forget their miserable lives.
I am fairly confident that taking Xanax and alcohol together is what caused this episode. Xanax and alcohol are both CNS (central nervous system) depressants. Separately, and in small amounts, they are not that big of a problem. But together, even in small amounts, they are a big problem! I dont know the specific mechanism of how, but they increase the effectiveness of each other enormously. So much so that it causes severe depression of the CNS. Severe CNS depression can suppress your body so much that it causes scary things like respiratory failure, incoherence, loss of consciousness, and even coma! Vision problems like vertigo definitely would fall into the category of CNS depression too. Also know that you shouldnt take more than your doctor prescribed, I know it sounds like Im a stickler, but honestly there is a reason they have a Medical degree. And when it comes to medicines like Xanax the doctors and nurses will understand. A simple call to ask if a dose increase is ok, (if the prescribed dose is not working well enough) would be completely understood. Lastly, if you have been on it for a really long time, your body will begin to build up a tolerance to it and a dose increase may be appropriate, but again, only if approved by your doctor. Hope this helps!
none
Yes. Just keep your mind off drugs/alcohol, tell. But its all about will power, if you really want to stay of off that stuff just get off and stay off. You dont really need it but your brain tells you that you do. God bless and hope you make it!
Being an alcoholic doesnt mean that you drink over a certain amount of alcohol in a day, it means that you are addicted to the alcohol and cant stop drinking, in the same way that a smoker can be addicted to tobacco and cant stop smoking.
none
Most people think drinking alcohol is needed in order to "let loose" or to "have a good time". There are many different reasons/excuses given/used in order to justify drinking frequently. A lot of the time people will use alcohol to change themselves. It numbs most of your senses and makes you think differently. Ive come into contact with many homeless people who are alcoholics. People will sometimes drink because they are depressed, even though alcohol is a depressant. Some people are just stuck in the mind-set that they hate their lives so much that they must constantly put themselves in an altered state of mind. I have know people who had good jobs, good lives, families, the works. They become a little to dependent on alcohol and they end up losing everything. And by everything, I literally mean everything. Its the same story as a homeless drug addict. It breaks my heart to see these people begging for money just so they can buy a fix. But they can only help themselves when they want to be helped. Bottom line: Theyre usually addicts.
> Shouldnt Alcoholics Anonymous be classified as a government cult .? Yes and no. The overwhelming legal opinion is that AA is a religious organization, and even a casual glance at their doctrinal literature confirms that it is a religious organization. So the legal system does, in theory, recognize AAs nature and does not give it any sort of sanction. In theory, that is. In practice, AA is sometimes given government sanction in the form of alternative punishment for DUI offenders, et cetera -- that is, offering a convicted drunk driver a choice between spending a month locked up or going to AA for six months. To be fair, that sort of thing happens less often than it used to, but it still does happen. @yamnnjr, who said, "I suppose, if you believe that those who have their success are just cults." Oh yes, lets all cheer for AAs 2% success rate. Yes, there are quite a few people who credit their success in kicking an addiction to AA, but thats only because AA is very good at marketing itself and has drawn in millions of people. Two percent of millions is quite a few people, but the bottom line is that its still two percent. And yes, it is a cult. (To be more specific, AA is a cult devoted to the worship of alcohol.) There are all the same claims of exclusivity<SEMCOL> intimidation of members through "leave and youll die" tactics<SEMCOL> commands to proselytize<SEMCOL> abuse of members (the "thirteenth step," "fourth step suicides")<SEMCOL> etc that youd find in more run-of-the-mill cults.
No, alcohol is not forbidden under the Law. There is counsel against strong drink and drunkedness, but nor against drinking alcohol. Anyway, if you are a Christian you are not subject to the Law anymore! In the gospels, Jesus turns water into wine and it is described as being the best, better than that which was served at the beginning of the feast. The Greek word here - oinon means wine! The same word is used elsewhere in the NT where the reference is clearly to alcoholic drink. The parable of the wine skins would make no sense if it just referred to grape juice, since it was the fermentation process which could destroy an old wine skin . Paul counsels Timothy and Titus concerning the qualifications for overseers that they should not be addicted to much wine. I dont think he was talking about grape juice! Gregory, you are wrong on two counts. Firstly, the scripture you quote makes a clear distinction between wine (yayin in Hebrew) and strong drink (sekar). They are not the same. Secondly, this section of Leviticus is specific to the High Priest, not to the people generally.
You know that alcohol and medication can have a terrible result like getting drunken faster, or that even the medicine isnt working, so you should avoid to drink excessively on the weekend, but some should be okay. It wont harm to much if you skip taking it on the weekend, but than it takes longer until you have success with the medication. Hopefully youre not to long on accutane because it is a kind of drug, you know that? So the liver can stand it for a while, but using it for an extended time you might get addicted to it..
Some people like the taste of alcohol. It doesnt make most people in to monsters, you must just have crappy friends.
Doesnt work. Drug addicts and non-addicts often have trouble in relationships, as their priorities are different. When you then combine the takers of two different drugs, who do so on a regular basis, they get even more out of sync. Alcohol is often an active drug, the drinker gets more manic, more excited. (your daughter really isnt just a couple of drinks drinker, this is just what she tells you) It draws people who drink to get wild. This is why alcoholics frequently cross over for the up drugs such as cocaine. This is why drinkers frequently dance. Drinkers want to go out, to do things. Pot smokers smoke to be quiet, to withdraw. Theyre looking to get mellow. This is why pot smokers watch tv, play video games and nod out. They want to stay home. From a sexual standpoint it may work out as drinkers frequently drink to lower their inhibitions, while pot smokers smoke to enhance their own pleasure and slow down the experience. But for straight out compatibility, different drug preferences spells doom as they have different preferences for past times. Not that youll be able to tell them this or for that matter, not that its any of your business.
Although it is obviously a great idea to find something to take your mind off your cravings for alcohol, there is one thing that you will need to be careful of. People who have an addictive personality may find it difficult to not getting addicted to other things other than their "substance of choice." So make sure that you dont end up getting addicted to video games. Although it is healthier for your body, it is not healthier for your mind. The pleasure that you feel is a release of dopamine. It is the same release that follows anything we enjoy: sex, watching a funny movie, eating a good meal, and addictions. So, yes, play video games. But I would also suggest either AA or private counseling in the mean time. It sounds like you are emotionally ready to work on your addiction, so now would be a great time to deal with it. It would also be a great idea to find other interests to get involved with to avoid getting addicted to something else. Spend time with people who dont drink and avoid the situations that have accompanied your drinking behavior in the past. Sit down and write a list of things that tended to make you want to drink and avoid them. Good luck! :)
maybe0
...brain and liver damage, and early death. btw...rather than "misuse" you could substitute "abuse".
Throwing up, vomiting, regurgitation are the bodys natural reflex to self preservation. The body<SEMCOL> your God given temple, is always communicating with you! Not everyone listens to the body, but most human temples are opposed to alcohol and drug abuse if your body is expectorating then you HAVE A PROBLEM!!! See a doc for more life saving information!!!
The depression could be a side effect of the Zoplicone. Drinking is not good for mixing with any medication. Life is too short. You have the rest of your life to live, before you die. Becoming dead will come on its own, so enjoy life now, while you are 19. Ask your Dr.about getting you off the medication.
none
Other than better money and better health, MUCH better peace of mind. The anxiety of just buying, using, and the feeling of NEEDING the drugs gets really intense for some. After you stop, your teeth, face, throat, lungs, and everything begin to look nicer, and more clean. More appealing, that is, as well. Plus, if you live where its illegal, theres always the chance to get caught. Most people dont, admittedly, but if you do, the fines range from a few hundred to thousand. Plus jail time. So... Thats all I got. Live your life the way you choose.
alchohol and drugs are addictions to a substance, which does affect the brain mental health is stress and anxiety related, which also affects the brain but everyone is different, so the approach top treatment will be individualized.
My moon is aqua 12th...I am one.. edit: My brother is a scorpio with Taurus moon and gemini rising...We both were born full moon opposition sun...His is in the 12th house and he is an addict as well...We both share the same mother...We both have the same issues with her. Neither of us have a mercury sign that matches our parents...Im virgo mercury and he is scorpio mercury..Our parents both have Aries mercury. I think it makes sense now that we both have our moons in the 12th house...I just realized that haha.
I care. I have said a prayer for you.
No. It is so easy to judge others. Let him deal with his own problems
none
I wish I could help you man I really do.. I dont know exactly what to tell you except a story. Im not a bad kid and neither is my friend. We smoke weed every once in a while, some alchohol here or there. But I can honestly say that if you went to school here and my friend read this, he wouldnt let anyone do anything to you. Hes not a churchy, cookie cutter good person, he smokes weed here and there but he would stand up for strangers even if hes gonna get his *** kicked by a 200lb mma fighter he would stand up for people. There are good people out there willing to help. You just have to find them. A lot of times the guys that may seem kinda rough are the ones that will really have your back and be honest. You need to get off the addiction, you will find people that care and will have your back through stuff. And im sure your friend wants you to get better and will help you through it however she can
We live in a very materialist society, constantly bombarded with promises of happiness through consumption, buy the right clothes, cars, cosmetics, electronic gizmos, and happiness will surely follow<SEMCOL> when it doesnt, our consciousness for the need of happiness is heightened, so another provider is sought. Alcohol and drugs are readily available , cheap and work, they provide two useful states firstly euphoria and then oblivion, feeling good and feeling nothing, both divorced from the real World and the elusive pseudo happiness that only money and possessions can bring. The dilemma for most people in the UK is not where do I get the money, because the Nation is awash with it and accessible via credit, nowadays it is what can I buy to make me happy and the answer is nothing, but the lie shouts from every High St store and magazine advertisement, here is happiness for you. Armed with the money, with all the possessions that failed to deliver happiness residing in the bin, what is left? Alcohol and drugs! So the circle goes round into addiction.
Hi there You have clearly had to cope with your mums drinking and difficult behaviour for a long time and this is a lot to carry, particularly when you are young and trying to get on with your own life. Im sorry that she has said horrible things to you and hit you. Alcohol can make people change and like the other person said in their answer, your mums drinking is never your fault. It sounds like your family all have different ways of coping and for some of them perhaps their method is to try and ignore it which is just leaving you with extra weight on your shoulders. Alcoholism is like an illness where the person has lost control over their drinking. There is help available but they have to realise they have a problem and accept this help. Understandably all the worries at home are an extra stress you really dont need when you already have the heavy workload of doing your GCSEs. It is not selfish to put yourself first and it is really important to make sure you dont bottle your feelings up. Whilst you say you are the youngest at home this doesnt make your feelings any less important. Do you think you could talk to your dad or perhaps someone at school about how its all making you feel? Perhaps it may also help to go to the library or a friends house sometimes to do your homework and get some quiet time away from the chaos at home. There is a charity called Nacoa who provide support to people affected by their parents drinking. Their website is http://www.nacoa.org.uk and you call (0800 358 3456) or email (helpline@nacoa.org.uk) their confidential helpline for support. You dont have to be alone with all this. Take care
Alcohol, once in the body, leads to a reduction in endurance and aerobic capacity. It can hinder the bodys ability to metabolize fat and build muscle. It can even affect the nervous system and brain. If used long-term, alcohol abuse can cause severe deterioration of your central nervous system. Even in the short-term, nerve muscle interaction, muscle strength and athletic speed can be lost. Once alcohol reaches the blood cells, it can damage them. With alcohol drinkers, the inflammation of muscle cells is very common. Over a period of time, some of these damaged cells can die, resulting in less functional muscle contractions and decreased strength and speed. Not only will the muscles be less functional, but they will require greater amounts of recovery time after training.
Why do dumb potheads always ask this when they know the answer? Alcohol has been around for forever as a celabratory thing. Weed has been around forever as well but didnt gain popularity the same way. When marijuana got noticed it was associated with blacks and mexicans and was seen as a negative thing because of someone called the white man. They brainwashed people into thinking it made you crazy and stupid and able to commit murder while being high. Stupid? Yes. Sadly some people are still brainwashed and think its bad and that its a gateway drug(i think alcohol is more of a gateway drug if you ask me). It can be to morons who are dumb enough to want to do hard drugs. But most are just content with good ol harmless maryjane. Like myself. Have a good day. P.s. Weed does not cure cancer...it helps with the symptoms of chemotherapy. If it cured cancer then it would. But it doesnt, just a helpful herb. bob marley died of cancer and pot didnt save him. And it doesnt hurt your lungs. Ive smoked for years and dont even have a smokers cough. Look into better sources
Try a 12-step program like Alcoholics Anonymous or Narcotics Anonymous. It can really help to have this kind of support and they can also point you towards more help in your community. There are always free social programs to help those with substance issues. It also might help to start studying up on what the physical effects on the body are- knowledge os power, There are tones of great books in the library and lots of info online. Good luck. 11.5 years sober.
Its called a "using dream" and they are typical- even expected while you are going through recovery. They are disconcerting, and you might well feel all of the guilt and shame that you would if you had actually relapsed and used. Talk it out at your Celebrate Recovery meeting- Ill bet you that every person there has had them! Dont worry- it doesnt mean that you are in danger of relapse, or even that you want to go use<SEMCOL> its just part of your recovery. I work for a substance abuse treatment center.
Smooth Endoplasmic Reticulum Quoted from this site: http://www.bscb.org/?url=softcell/er "Smooth ER - the detox stop Smooth ER also plays a large part in detoxifying a number of organic chemicals converting them to safer water-soluble products. Large amounts of smooth ER are found in liver cells where one of its main functions is to detoxify products of natural metabolism and to endeavour to detoxify overloads of ethanol derived from excess alcoholic drinking and also barbiturates from drug overdose. To assist with this, smooth ER can double its surface area within a few days, returning to its normal size when the assault has subsided" Another quote from the same site: "Smooth ER is devoted almost exclusively to the manufacture of lipids and in some cases to the metabolism of them and associated products. In liver cells for example smooth ER enables glycogen that is stored as granules on the external surface of smooth ER to be broken down to glucose. Smooth ER is also involved in the production of steroid hormones in the adrenal cortex and endocrine glands" NOTE: Alcohol is known to cause fatty liver disease (the build up of fat inside the liver, which can also damage the liver cells) Lipid is fat. Best wishes
This is extremely bad and you should stop immediately! Alcohol consumption of ANY kind in adolescent is linked to everything from stunted growth, delayed mental development and recently even early onset cancer. From what youve written it should like you are addicted, addiction can also be genetic so you are even more at risk than others. You should see a therapist, they actually do help.
Yes, I dont drink much anyway so it would be no hardship. Providing this request was not symptomatic of other controlling behaviour. I would look carefully to see what other effects the alcohol in the family has had on him, especially if it was a parent. Children of addicted parents will carry deep psychological scars which could make him a difficult person to live with and he may have addictions of his own, in other areas. But if hesotherwise ok he may grow to be more relaxed about it provided you dont actually get drunk.
Here<SEMCOL> http://treatment.psychologytoday.com/rms   
To each their own. People love alcoholic drinks because the drinks are awesome and rewarding, plus they taste oh so good. I have had many good times while drinking. The fact is that 99.9 % of people that dink are not turned into monsters. The fact is most people that drink are responsible and happy. If its not good for you great, more for us. People enjoy alcohol for many many reasons something you will come to understand with maturity. Source(s): Nice story. lol
none
I somewhat know what you mean. Im so addicted to caffeine that Ive actually quit for over one year but found that I was no longer able to produce my own adrenaline without it. Also, my world seems so much happier, upbeat and almost everything seems easier to deal with when I have at least 2 cups of coffee per day. In the end, I know Ill probably suffer a heart attack or something by the time Im 50 because of my addiction, but I can live with that because I feel the alternative would be more risky. You never know how essential adrenaline is for survival until its not there anymore. Plus, Id rather die happy but soon rather than live a long but unhappy life. Thats how I choose to live. If you have any doubt at any time that youre happier and more functional with alcohol than it ever was and ever could be without it, then maybe you should quit just to find out for sure. The first thing to get out of the way is any uncertainty you have about how your addiction affects you, your job and people in your life. The only way you can be 100% honest with yourself is if you quit for long enough that the cravings go away. Then you need to take some more time to seriously evaluate the situation. If you find that alcohol didnt help you substantially more than it hurt you, then you should probably stay away from it. If you drove away friends or family or lost your job because of your attitude, actions or words, then you should definitely stay away from alcohol. No doctor will tell you this, but you have a right to be happy if youre not hurting anyone. I know from experience that addictions arent always bad as long as youre honest with yourself and can truly tell the difference. The mind can play tricks on you and its important not to be tricked. It really is up to you though, and I hope you get to the bottom of this. I know thats not advice that will get me any thumbs up, but its my honest answer and its what I know to be true. I hope this helps you.
12-steppers would likely say you were an alcoholic. I personally think that many people who self-medicate with alcohol, (or whatever else) are doing so because of a chemical imbalance as well as the person not wanting to admit to having social anxiety, depression, bi-polar disorder, OCD, ADHD.. whatever. Sometimes people are raised in a family where its just not acceptable to have mental disorders/emotional issues and instead of dealing with it (head-on), working through it with a therapist, possibly getting a Rx for an antidepressant or anti-anxiety medication.. they opt to self-medicate. (not just booze but some will guzzle hand sanitiser. Some huff metallic spray paint)..Some are so afflicted with major depressive disorder that they go way past self-medicating and drink all of the time.. pretty much just going for numb. In my opinion, before you start worrying about being a full-throttle alcoholic who needs to hang out with the 12-step crowd.. you should consider finding a nice therapist to talk to. Not forever and it doesnt mean youre crazy or anything like that. But working through this stuff with a therapist (even a few sessions).. and speaking to an MD re: anti-anxiety Rx meds may really help you to get past this. Of course drinking more/self-medicating on a regular basis (every time youre meeting & greeting new people) isnt going to work. Alcohol is a depressant. It can actually cause depression symptoms to worsen. If a person feels sluggish, lethargic, unmotivated, lackluster about everything and everyone..spends all of their time sleeping and eating.. theyll notice more of that if/when they start drinking. An anti-anxiety medication that helps with social anxiety, as well as working through everyday issues (and learning better coping skills) from a qualified therapist (aka life coach to some).. may serve you well. Alcoholics cant just have one drink.. or even a couple of drinks once a week. Alcoholics are generally compulsive about many things in their lives. An alcoholic cant cut themselves off. One drink = drinking until they literally pass-out/black-out. It sounds as if you can take it or leave it.. but since youre still continuing to feel anxiety (and possibly panic attacks) when in certain social situations, youre opting to have a drink instead of learning more about anxiety and what to do about it.
You are an alcoholic if you cannot go long without alcohol. I suggest you break the habit quickly.
When it comes to sport intoxicant substances must be kept away from this.Sport is healthy exercise , avoiding such banners and logos not only will spread awareness around the world but also encourage players to stay from drugs.Will make them to understand the seriousness of it especially to those who are addicted n habitat to drugs n in toxic essence. Good things to professional sports will come when it loses alcohol advertising. **There will no longer be a career path for over-developed players who have collectively been indulging in behaviors which the society frequently criticizes And they will get real jobs for their efforts and role model to their fans. Well thats an - Overall WIN! ** Sport will be more professional and an increased involvement by other citizens will make it neat n clean **And sport will no longer be known for notorious act and recover to its tribal nature which may lead to an increased its fame and fans. Already all Pakistani players including Amla Fawad Tahir sikander Raza have gone against. It would be more appreciating when board join their hands with them.
Cat ....I see where your going with this. As an x-atheist I can say atheists are no more or less sexually immoral , drug addicts or drunks that many claiming to be Christian & many are just as charitable .
Azif, This is the only thing that I could find: " Alcohol, specifically, has effects on homeostasis that are both immediate and long-term. In the short-term, the liver and kidneys must work overtime to process even a single glass of wine or beer. Most peoples bodies are well-equipped for this challenge. More daunting problems arise when the use of alcohol crosses the line into abuse. A single night of over-indulgence places stress on the nervous, digestive and excretory systems. Thats why a hangover has multiple symptoms that may include headache, digestive discomfort, fatigue and altered patterns of hunger and thirst. People may experience shakiness from the nervous disruption or from reactions to an influx followed by a deprivation of sugar. Most often, the body sorts out these acute responses within a day or two and returns to homeostasis. Chronic alcohol abuse, however, may seriously impair the bodys ability to stay balanced. Cirrhosis of the liver is one well-known consequence of alcoholism wherein the excess alcohol causes scar tissue to replace healthy liver tissue, eventually impairing liver function. Without a healthy liver, homeostasis is impossible because toxins build in the body and attack every other system, eventually leading to death. Several studies in the journal "Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research" have pointed to long-lasting imbalances of hormones that control the bodys fluid and electrolyte balance, even after an alcohol abuser has stopped drinking."
Al-a-Teen for you, Al-Anon for your Dad. No one can do much, if anything, about someone elses drinking. All they can do is look after themselves so they dont get sucked down with your Mom. That is what those groups are for, to teach family members how to deal with having an alcoholic in the family. Your Mom isnt going to stop drinking until she is ready, and theres no telling when that will be. You cant save her. Save yourself.
yep, without question, and never mind alcohol, weeds safer than most things, you couldnt overdose on weed by smoking the plant whereas you could possibly kill yourself from drinking too much water (extreme example, but my point is one things practically possible and the other isnt), even when you smoke weed it doesnt damage your lungs in any real way, and studies have actually shown that moderate use (i.e. this effect wasnt noticed in either sometime smokers or heavy smokers) makes your lungs stronger, what else.. hm.. itd be quicker to name the ill effects that weed may cause haha because the list of what it wont do is longer than anything .. right, what it can do is gradually cause your brain to become permanently rewired.. this could be a benign thing or a positively bad thing, depending on how young you are, the younger you are, the more plastic your neural structure will be, i.e. the easier itll be for your brain to reshape itself (because when youre young you need to be able to learn a lot of things), and thats pretty much the only thing, the possible danger of schizophrenia in young weed smokers with a family history of schizophrenia .. now im not going to try to put alcohol down because i love a drink myself, but understand that alcohol is literally poison, whereas weeds been described by some as an essential nutrient, like vitamins, this isnt a very popular opinion to be fair but its certainly arguable not exactly airtight logic youre using there, amin khalid, but have a thumb up anyway hahaha
none
none
you will know by the way they act,. they will steal so they can get money to buy, they will lie to you. if you ask them they will deny they have a problem. they cant be trusted with any thing you have of value , they will steal it, sell it and deny they took it from you. they are lost in life doing drugs, if they would only stop to see what they are doing to them selves ruining their lives and possibly die from doing them. just wasting a good life doing that stuff.
Tax problem and lack of awareness Medical Marijuana: Marijuana is the word used to illustrate the dried flowers, seeds and leaves of the Indian hemp plant. On the street, it is called by many other names, such as astro turf, bhang, dagga, dope, ganja, grass, hemp, home grown, J, Mary Jane, pot, reefer, roach, Texas tea and weed. Alcohol: Alcohol is categorized as a depressant, meaning that it slows down critical functions resultant in indistinct tongue, wavering movement, distressed perceptions and an incapability to respond swiftly. Marijuana vs. Alcohol: 1. Cannabis is far less addictive than alcohol. 2. Deaths from the two substances. There are hundreds of alcohol overdose deaths each year, yet there has never been a marijuana overdose death in history. The consumption of alcohol is also the direct cause of tens of thousands of deaths in the U.S. each year. 3. Alcohol is one of the most toxic drugs, and using just 10 times what one would use to get the desired effect can lead to death. Marijuana is one of if not the least toxic drugs, requiring thousands times the dose one would use to get the desired effect to lead to death. This thousands times is actually theoretical, since there has never been a recorded case of marijuana overdose. 4. Long-term marijuana use is far less harmful than long-term alcohol use. 5. The United Kingdom   s Science and Technology Select Committee considers alcohol far more harmful than marijuana. 6. There has never been a documented case of lung cancer in a marijuana-only smoker, and recent studies find that medical marijuana use is not associated with any type of cancer. The same cannot be said for alcohol, which has been found to contribute to a variety of long-term negative health effects, including cancers. 7. Studies find alcohol use contributes to the likelihood of domestic violence and sexual assault and marijuana use does not. 8. Studies find alcohol use contributes to aggressive behavior and acts of violence, whereas marijuana use reduces the likelihood of violent behavior. 9. Alcohol use is highly associated with violent crime, whereas marijuana use is not. 10. Alcohol use is a catalyst for domestic violence in Denver. 11. Alcohol use is prevalent in cases of sexual assault and date rape on college campuses. Marijuana use is not considered a contributing factor in cases of sexual assault and date rape, as judged by the lack of discussion of marijuana in sexual assault and date rape educational materials.
"The biggest if not only difference is that the War on Drugs effects almost exclusively people of color" - FALSE Since ending prohibition more people in the US have died in alcohol related accidents than all the US citizens killed in all the wars the use has fought. Prohibition was quite successful in much of the country, it lowered crime and deaths except in some areas. May counties and cities remained dry (alcohol free or heavily restricted) long after prohibition ended, prohibition was ended nationally because it became unpopular.
Good question...u know A/D its addiction like fb.as u said so many youngsters addicted toA/D because of stress it may bcz of studies,love...if a girl is so beautiful,attractive most of youngsters thinks it is a love they attracted to physical appearance only but its not real love...to avoid this youth must have one goal,they must take any role model..."strive hard for their victory makes history"
Get help. Go cold-turkey (i.e. completely stop) now before it becomes a super serious problem, because if you are not completely addicted now you WILL be. It may be tough to stop completely, but trust me, its worth it. I had an alcoholic father and he was too far gone to be able to stop without getting very sick. His mind was affected by the alcohol even when we was not technically "drunk". So consider yourself fortunate to be catching this early, when it is possible for you to stop completely, no matter how difficult it is at first.
FACTORS THAT CAUSE ALCOHOLISM By Leah DiPlacido, Ph.D. Alcoholism is a chronic disease characterized by persistent abuse of alcohol. The National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) reports that alcoholism is a disease that includes four symptoms: craving, loss of control, physical dependence, and a high tolerance to alcohols effects. Alcoholism is a chronic disease, meaning its effects are long lasting and cannot be simply cured like other diseases. Though there is no direct and definitive cause, recent research has identified certain factors that contribute to alcoholism. GENETIC FACTORS The NIAAA reports that certain genes may play a role in causing a person to become an alcoholic. Genes are passed down from parent to child. Much the same way other diseases have a genetic component, alcoholism also seems to follow this pattern. If a father, uncle or grandmother, for example, is an alcoholic, there is a much greater chance that the person himself will become alcoholic. However, there is no evidence that having one type of gene causes alcoholism. Furthermore, if a person has a family member with alcoholism, it does not mean that that person will definitely become an alcoholic. The NIAAA reports that even though having a family member with alcoholism increases a persons risk of becoming an alcoholic himself, "risk is not destiny." SOCIAL FACTORS There are several social factors that may predispose a person to develop alcoholism, according to The Mayo Clinic. The media often projects an image of drinking in excess as having little or no consequences. Furthermore, heavy drinking of alcohol may be more prevalent among certain groups of people. For example, college students are a group of people who have higher than normal alcohol use. A task force created by the National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism published information on college drinking. College students were significantly more likely to engage in binge drinking than their non-college peers. Alcohol abuse long term is also another risk factor for developing alcoholism. PSYCHOLOGICAL FACTORS According to the Mayo Clinic, certain psychological factors may contribute to the development of alcoholism. These factors include: high stress and/or anxiety levels, emotional pain, low self-esteem and depression. Drinking under these circumstances is often called "self-medicating," because the person is abusing alcohol to "treat" one or more emotional and/or psychological problems. Having these psychological issues makes a person more likely to become an alcoholic, but does not necessarily mean that the person is definitely going to become an alcoholic. REFERENCES The Mayo Clinic: Alcoholism: Causes The National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism: What Colleges Need to Know The National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism: FAQS for the General Public
Some people do, rarely anyone does permanently. But the problem with alcoholics isnt the alcohol, its the alcoholic. Liquor or wine in moderation is completely fine. A glass or a 2 day is harmless. But when you start drinking like 20 beers a day or some ****, than youre gonna get heavily addicted and you will shorten your life. Kills brain cells, destroys your liver, etc. And societys views on drinking dont mean ****. In some countries, its frowned upon if you dont drink a lot, in some societies its illegal to drink at all. Society can be extremely stupid sometimes. Make smart decisions on your own.
none
Warfarin is a poison as is alcohol and if you drink to much it could kill you! A condition called hypo-toxaemia ie<SEMCOL> "blood poisoning" for pulmonary embolism garlic in either powder / tablet- -(white" or raw will thin the blood and break down the blood clotting agents! At 18yrs old you should be ashamed of yourself eating crap food ie<SEMCOL> "fast food" it will do no good I expect you have a high cholesterol level eating what is known as convenance foods!! and possibly high blood pressure too! No wonder you have this condition. I am 68yrs old and have never ever had any serious illnesses in my life because I eat a healthy balanced diet and herbs and so should you!! Advice from a herbalist and nutritionist
moderate drink of alcohol on a daily basis is very good for health and its abuse (5 or more) drinks daily is bad for health. You can go out on Friday and have 6 drinks and return to a better (lower) total daily amount on Saturday and this is still good for you. Its only daily abuse of alcohol that can and likely will be bad for us. For other issues such as anxiety ask in the health section and better consult a medical doctor.
As you said by your own, this is not the best and healthiest way to relax. Smaller quantities of wine will be better and healthier for you and will still calm you down, you dont need to drink the full bottle. And about alcoholism, no, you are not an alcoholic. Alcoholics cant live a day without alcohol and you on the other hand CAN, you only drink on weekends. Now from the scientific view.. You drink to relax, and what relaxes you is the morphine released in your brain when you drink. There are other things you can do to get the same result that are healthier. Endorphins, that make you feel good , are released in your brain when you are having a good time, eating some good food, etc. Adrenaline can also be good to forget your problems and feel good, try doing some sports!! And to solve the problem with your parents, try having some professionals help them, you should not be harmed by this, you should live your own life, if not you could be affected by all this very badly. Hope I helped you
Yeah, people can drink and smoke to beat stress. That goes for occasional drinkers/smokers - if you get addicted to either, youll be drinking/smoking because you need to feed the addiction, not to beat stress. And, of course, some people smoke and drink because they like to, it has nothing to do with stress. What causes stress? You could write a book on the subject, and not even scratch the surface. Its all about what is happening and how people handle it. Some people just let things wash over them, and not really get too stressed about it. Or, they handle it without smoking - listening to music, walking, singing loudly, just being quiet, reading a book, and so on. As a practical example - me. I find things happening too quickly or without proper planning stresses me out a bit. I like to know whats going on, and in advance, if that makes sense. So, when that stresses me out, I escape, read a book, put on some music. Or, if Im in a group, we all might have a beer and take a break from it. I also like to drink as a way to catch up with old friends, no stress involved. A couple of beers and a chat. On top of that, I enjoy the occasional (tobacco) pipe. Because it tastes nice, and gives me a chance to get away from everything else around me. Sometimes it helps if Im stressed, sometimes I just fancy a pipe. See, its really not a clear cut answer!
When your mum is sober try explaining your difficulties with her, it may be easier to get through to a sober mum then a drunk mum. Explain to her with your brother and sister how youre all suffering from this situation and that if she doesnt get help you may be taken away or have to move away. It obviously doesnt help that she has a drinking buddy at home (your mums boyfriend). Just keep getting it into her head that shes destroying you. If this doesnt help, go to child services website and choose the online councillor, this is a great way to receive advice. My mum was an alcoholic 3-5 years ago, but me and my younger brothers managed to get help her due to this website. DONT TELL THEM YOU HAVE BEEN ABUSED OR THEY WILL RING THE POLICE! but explain about your mum being an alcoholic and you want to help and they will give great advice, and even when you just want to chat with them it takes your mind off things. Hope this helped.
These are not signs of alcoholism. But you should be careful about mixing medications and alcohol, of course. And you can find better coping mechanisms -- what would work well for you, instead?
Usually alcoholics drink because of "Other" issues they have that they will never admit to. Many of them can have personality disorders such as "Narcissistic Personality Disorder" (please research this term as more Narcs are addicted to substances than any other and these people are potentially dangerous) They usually use the alcohol as an excuse for treating people poorly. With the above disorder these types of people never change there is no cure. It would ultimately depend on why he is drinking (what mental issues are lurking behind the bottle), this is what is meant by an alcoholic drinks for a reason. Why do you drink is what AA will ask him. As alcohol itself is not the addiction, the addiction can be the mask that alcohol gives to protect the abuser so they can keep doing what they are doing. It works! It has worked so far and it will keep working for them Narcs dont treat people like crap initially they are smarter than that! they charm you like a snake hypnotizing the victim and not knowing it, in the beginning of the relationship they look like the PERFECT mate, your SOUL MATE, but over time they devalue you, slowly sometimes it can take years. First it starts with name calling not often just now and then, then goes to grabbing and arm during an argument. These are the potential women beaters. Look up "Narcissistic Gas lighting" as well Please look up the symptoms of this at least you can start there. For example: A narc will keep drinking (not because they are addicted) but because it allows them to act a certain way and get away with it. A man with Narcissistic Personality Disorder calls his wife or girlfriend a derogatory name, but blames it on the fact that he had a few and that it wasnt HIM saying those things, it was the drink. Or he says that he doesnt remember saying such things and blacks out this also gives them an outlet for hiding behind the bottle. Same thing goes with physical abuse it is easy to say to the victim that they dont remember b/c the "Drink" made them do it, when in actuality it is the mental disorder lurking behind the bottle that is. There is no proof that alcohol is addictive it is a medical theory. Ultimately a theory is just a guess and not medically proven. So basically a ultimatum never works because of the fact that the alcohol is a symptom of a mental disorder not the cause, they use it to mask this. Some alcoholics are able to get off the alcohol but more than not replace it with some form of addiction such as drugs, gambling, sex addiction, porn addiction etc. They usually pray on people that never drink b/c they know that non-drinkers dont realize this one important fact..that they usually all have a mental disorder they are covering. And more than not it is a serious mental disorder that has no cure. Narcs love to pray on the "innocent" the ones that dont know about them. I would suggest to RUN.
Not really..
Assalamualaikum, 1) Apart from Islam, even Christianity and Judaism address the problem of alcohol (makes sense because they are basically the religions of Allah). But in Islam, the problem addressed is very strict and not as lenient as in Christianity and Judaism. 2) Besides, Christians and Jews today mostly do not follow that rule and have formed ways and verses to avoid that rule. For example, Christians quote this verse about Jesus who said that anything you eat/drink now (after becoming Christians) will all be good for you. Although many Muslims also today dont pay heed, the maximum number of people who stay away from alcohol is Muslims. Hope I helped.
Why do people have sex outside of marriage, why do they fall in love when they are married to someone else, why do they drive too fast, or engage in dangerous sports? Why is life not perfect for those who dont abuse drugs alcohol and tobacco? How about if you eat too much? Or too little? How about we leave hikers to die when they are stupid enough to hike into the mountains alone? Or divers who dive where they know there are sharks in the water? They all cost us money, not to even mention the people who build and rebuild after hurricanes and tornadoes and fires and landslides. There is nothing you can do that will guarantee you dont become ill, or your property wont be hurt. And there is nothing that will make it a sure thing that you wont need help in someway, whether its health care or rebuilding. Time to stop thinking that you are something special, we all need to help each other, because one day it might be you, and youve run out of alternatives.
No. Youre only an alcoholic if youre addicted and cant quit at will...although drinking alcohol everyday is a sign that you might be addicted. Try quitting cold turkey and see how that goes.
A Cavalier will be fine. People do fine there with all season tires on front wheel drive cars like the Cavalier. My daughter gets on fine in that area with all season tires. Also, drug and alcohol counseling is a big city thing. There is little demand in the less populated areas.
Absolutely not! People do struggle with habitual alcohol use but like any habit it can be broken and changed. You will not end up like your uncle and do not let people put that mentality in your head. Social drinking in moderation is fine.
Holy ****, 8 to 14 liters? I hope youre mistaking ounces for that... If you continue doing this, you will die.
Im a bit confused by your last paragraph, do you actually have a neurological condition where you are unable to smile unless you are drunk? Or was this just a metaphor? At any rate, if you do have this condition you should definitely seek out medical help for it. I am sure there are neurologists who specialize in stuff like this so there must be some therapies or medications that would help you. If this was just a metaphor, then it seems as though alcohol is not the problem but you have social anxiety, and should consider getting psychological help, because being dependent on alcohol or anything else in order to function in life is never ideal or healthy.
Not necessarily, I think it really depends on how they go about doing it. My parents were extremely strict about alcohol. To this day I have never had a single sip of alcohol, and I never intend to. On the other hand, my husbands parents were pretty lax about it. His dad was an alcoholic, and allowed him to have alcohol from the time he was about 14. He got totally drunk one time, and decided he was done with alcohol for the rest of his life. Ive known other people who were raised like I were who are heavy drinkers now. I also know people who were raised like my husband was who are also heavy drinkers. There really is no way to predict who is going to grow up to be alcohol abusers and who wont be.
Neither are addicting.At any given moment you have the power and control to stop drinking or drugging. I would be more concerned with the side effects that drugs and alcohol can have on your body and organs. There are risks with both including physical withdrawal symptoms.Also never mix alcohol and drugs together. Just know you have the power to stop using !
oh yeah, because every woman dreams of marrying a drunkered who will will beat his wife and abuse his children -_- lets just put it this way, most women like that are sheep who feel too insecure about themselves to be with someone who is against the grain. They worry about how others will view them if they are with someone who acts opposite of what the stereotyped male does<SEMCOL> they worry that others will think they chose a weirdo. But there are those that like alcohol a lot themselves so its a big part of their lives that they cant share with them.
none
I dont think the government should make it mandatory. If a company wants to risk hieing a drug addict, thats their loss.
There are different reasons why people slide into alcoholism. Scum is not the right word for most of them. Some people have problems that they cant cope with mentally. Not possible for strangers to judge your Mother properly. She could seek help, if she has the will to do it. http://www.helpguide.org/mental/alcohol_    http://www.selfgrowth.com/articles/Alcoh   
Yes! It reduce mans T horomone level so that he do not want sex.
Yes it is true that alcohol enhances the effect of lorazepam.. and it potentially can cause too much sleep (to coma and death).. It depends on how much alcohol did you drink.. a sip is not a problem.. a glass is potentially bad.. more than that is deadly.. Call 911 now and have a paramedic come to your home.. they should be able to relay your question to a better authority on drugs interaction with alcohol.. Most modern ambulances have antidotes for drug abuse like Morphine..
Well, I think you answered your question yourself. From what I read, you are not an alcoholic. You dont crave it. When I moved to a new country with a new job where I didnt know almost anyone, I drank every day (moderately) for 3 months and partied every weekend. After 3 months I didnt drink for 3 months instead because I simply didnt feel like it. If you drink a lot but dont have any issues stopping, then I would say that you dont have any alcoholic tendencies. Its when you constantly crave the alcohol that you should start thinking about whether or not you need help.
Nobody can say, but I do think alcoholics have a different type of reaction to alcohol. They just dont when to stop, have no off switch in their brains that tells them theyve had enough. Some people are alcoholics from the first drink, for some it is more progressive as they build up tolerance. They need more for the same buzz and in the end, there is no buzz at all but you drink to stave off the withdrawals and your brain chemistry is so screwed, you are programmed to drink. Drink gives you a short, initial buzz but overall it is an antidepressant. I had to quit drinking eventually because it gave me anxiety attacks and depressive episodes. Im a reformed alcoholic, my life is far better without it. Getting over the cravings at first was very difficult, I am still tempted sometimes but if I drink at all now I am really sick from it and behave like an idiot, I can manage the temptation.
It is the plus that is the problem here. This is codeine, each nurofen plus contains 12.8 mgs of codeine, and this is the addictive component. Buried in the instruction sheet is this gem of information: If codeine is taken regularly for long periods of time, the body can become tolerant to it and it may become less effective at relieving pain. With prolonged use, the body may also become dependent on the codeine. As a result, when you then stop taking the medicine you may get withdrawal symptoms such as restlessness and irritability. You need to take your wife to see her GP and discuss her codeine addiction. BUT like all addicts she needs to agree she has a problem, she needs to agree to go and she needs to agree to accept help. If she doesnt she cannot be helped.
Yes, substance abuse is considered a mental illness. And those with a drug/alcohol addiction do qualify for subsidized benefits. I can understand your point in bringing up video games, overeating, and TV. In the future, (well, now) those will have to be addressed. Ive some first-hand experience with addiction, but was never addicted to video games. Do gamers live on the streets to support their habits? <sarcasm> Sorry, but the gamers in my complex may have some form of addictive process, but I think if separated from their devices they would probably enjoy the break. :)
i like those taxes and hope they tax junk food and soda as well.
You dont say how recently you stopped the drink/drugs, but it can take a long time for these things to get out of your system. Toxins from the drugs will have been stored in all your vital organs, to be slowly released into your bloodstream now its no longer on overload. This will all take time and you can spend a long time feeling the effects of your time of drug abuse. I have the feeling that you feel in turning your back on your old lifestyle, things should feel great but the reality is that it was the first (but most important) step of a long journey back to wholeness. You can help the process by eating a really healthy diet. The stronger you are physically, the better able your body is to detox the drugs. Think of it like convalescing from a long illness, which it a sense it has been. So eat little and often, but very nutritious food, lots of fresh fruit and drink plenty of water, 1-1.5 litres a day. Dont go too long without food as low blood sugar will affect your mood and give you cravings. Dont get overtired or physically exhausted. But do try to incorporate a lot of exercise or sport in your life, which will get you fit and give you mood-enhancing endorphins. Take up something like yoga or meditation. If you can find or rediscover an absorbing hobby that would be great but if you are depressed you might find it hard at this stage to connect with anything that used to bring you pleasure. It might be a good idea to get some counselling to uncover whether anything in your past led you to leading this lifestyle, which could have been a form of escape, denial or self-medication. You speak in terms of negatives about where you are now, but this is your depression talking. Reading what you have put, it sounds like you made a brave and courageous decision to change your life and now your whole future lies ahead of you. You cant change the past but the choices and decisions you make in the present moment will determine what kind of future you have. Theres plenty of time to go back to school, get qualifications or train in something that inspires you. You might decide eventually to go back to the drug world and be a counsellor or inspirational speaker in schools or colleges. You do have a future, but right now you have to continue with your convalescence of ridding your body of all the drug toxins and getting your head clear. After that, there is plenty of time and opportunity to become all that youre able to be. In the meantime, getting off drugs and turning your life around into good health is achievement enough to make your family proud, relieved and happy. Theres plenty of people out there still living the drug life, and you could have been one of them, but now youre one the statistics of people who found the strength and courage to change. Never allow the depression to diminish that achievement. Some parents spent years hoping and praying their adult children will get off drink/drugs and the related crime, and eventually have to stop hoping and accept that their child is as good as dead, but your family are no longer in that group. Every day you remain free from that life, is a day to celebrate as far as a parent is concerned. As for feeling again, you will, and I do understand how pointless life feels when your emotions are numb and you feel like you dont have a self or a soul. You just have to keep on every day, and eventually normality slowly starts to return. But it could be as long as a couple of years. Just be kind to yourself and let the process take as long as it needs.
You will determine your own future. If you do not want to become an alcoholic or a drug addict, set your goals in life and strive hard to achieve them. Start by focusing on your studies, doing what is right and good, and getting a good job in the future. While your loved ones struggled with their addiction, always remember that you have a lot of good years with you. No one can dictate what will become of you. If someone is pushing you down because of your familys history, prove them wrong and be successful. You can also help your family by learning more about addiction and convincing them that it is not doing them any good, not doing you any good, and not doing your family any good. That is the sad reality that they need to realize. There are drug rehab centers and alcohol detox centers so they can go through treatment, be sober, and avoid relapses in the future.
Needing a drink every day (dependence) to function would indicate alcoholism - something requiring intensive rehabilitation and lifelong support. On the other hand, binge drinking (abuse) can be overcome simply by making the decision to stop..
No, I dont. But if you call you closest AA office, and ask them to help you find a place, they usually keep a list for just such reason. The Salvation Army was founded for no other reason than to save drunks and addicts (surprise!) - so they might be able to help you as well. Also, call your local community health department. No one should risk their life because they are stuck in hell.
It works by blocking the enzyme acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, which is responsible for converting acetaldehyde (a kind of chemical cousin to formaldehyde) to acetic acid (vinegar, which is harmless to the body). The body naturally metabolized ethanol (alcohol) to acetaldehyde...and then to acetic acid. When disulfiram inhibits acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, acetaldehyde builds up the more you drink ethanol, making you sick. So, it works by negatively reinforcing (deterring) alcohol use/abuse.
youre not addicted on binge drinking. trust. 3 liters in five days is light weight status. youll be fine
Well the only real answers is to get the booze issue under control so AA, or rehab. Until he stops gettin drunk and wasting money on that he will never hold a job, all money will be gone, and at this rate it will just kill his kidneys. And as a close friend of mine said happened with er family, her sister was a drunk like this and always drank and blew out a kidney. But since it was self inflicted and she wasnt going to change, the hospital refused to give her a transplant. So if you dont somehow someway force him to back off the booze, he will probably just die. Also use some more therapy methods if he is much of a talker. No one just randomly becomes an aclohol addict out of nowhere. If he just sleeps all day it could be a depression based or "no point in life" type base and drinking is just his distraction.
I think that you might accommodate this guy under the following rules: Tell him that he can stay for a LIMITED PERIOD OF TIME. Do you expect him to move out by Christmas or sooner? Then you need to stipulate that. If he comes to your home, it is with the stipulation that he will find his own place in a few months and move out. Secondly, because he has a problem with RX pain killers and self-medicating with booze, your home has to be a booze-free zone. Dont keep alcohol in the house and tell him that he cant bring it into your home while he is there. He either keeps this pact or he will have to move back with his wife. Thirdly, tell him that you understand his depression. However, you will be calling 911 or the police to take him immediately to the local ER if he threatens suicide while at your home....this is non-negotiable. Sure, I feel sorry for this guy and his injury and lots of people have serious injuries that they have to deal with but they dont self - medicate with alcohol. Alcohol CAUSES DEPRESSION....and so this guy is throwing gasoline on a house fire....he is making himself WORSE! And so he needs to go to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings or speak to his primary doctor about inpatient alcohol treatment. IF you care about this guy you shouldnt be shy about talking the truth. If you value your own home life, you should be shy about setting these limits.
undoubtably you need a doc being an alcoholic for long periods of time is as bad as being addicted to heroine u can die from quiting alcohol all at once from the withdraws but doc have medicine to make sure withdrawal wont kill you dont be ashamed to try and get better liquor is one of the most dangerous and addicting substances on the planet 85% of Americans are addicted to it and 70% of them dont even know it at least your smart enough to realize you are
some drink to numb inner pain
none
EuroTrip
Because youre not getting any younger, and you cannot continue to abuse your body like this without eventually paying for it.
Two years is not long term. Long term is ten years and up. If you quit drinking after only two years, your liver actually has the capability of healing, as long as you dont keep abusing it.
Its not easy to know how many more years <SEMCOL> her liver will take this [ alcohol ] Some people are very strong and resistant to disease
I dont envy your position at all. And I know it wont be easy, but you need to be to the point, yet gentle with your sister. You need to let her know that her behavior is not only damaging to herself and her martial relationship, but also to your mother and the baby. I would let her know that if she is unwilling to seek treatment (with your help, of course) that you will be forced to call child protective services, etc., etc. This is hard and I know that there is the potential for your sister to ultimately ignore your pleas for her sobriety, but this is the best thing for everyone. You can also try talking to a professional interventionist to see what the best approach might be.
Alcohol is a drug like any other. It is a toxin to the body that is why the liver has to work overtime to eliminate it. It also damages the brain and exacerbates depression. The Government is hand in glove with the alcohol manufacturers. Why would any sane Government allow White Ciders at High Strength to be made, or those Super Lagers? These are the drinks of Alcoholics and Street drinkers, made purely to get drunk and fast. No moderate drinker would think of enjoying a nice chilled glass of White Cider. Stop these cheap drinks. We need more help for those addicted and a ban on these drinks!
It might be a combination of all things you mentioned, so you might try another experiment when out off stress and than drink some alcohol. If that gives you the same feeling than you know you cant stand it and the best is quit it right away. Youre anyway not really someone who is addicted to it, so there are so many drinks without alcohol, you can choose those. What about medication, in some of them is alcohol inside, can you stand these? Just in case than it might be as well a bit in your mind..
Youre not an alcoholic since you only drink alcohol on few occasions. Alcoholics drink A LOT (some start right when they wake up and keep going till they pass out). If you get really stressed the urge to want to drink isnt really unusual. Its a natural response because your body wants the stress to stop. However, it is NOT a good idea to always indulge and drink as a response to a stressful situation.
No one can answer something like that on the internet. Id suggest asking his doctor, and even a doctor who sees your dad might not be able to say.
Its great in moderation, not so good when abused..
Living with an alcoholic is not very easy but you can help make things better especially when you love the person. Do not blame yourself for the situation since it is not your fault that he is an alcoholic. Also do not take it personally when he does not keep his promise not to drink again. Like any other disease, he needs help for his addiction. All you can do for now is encourage him to do better, guide him make the right decisions, and stay away from bad influences. Soon he might realize that he needs help. There are alcohol detoxification centers where well-trained professionals can help your boyfriends through inpatient or outpatient treatment approaches. There, he will be equipped with the skills and right mindset to get rid of his vice, be sober, and avoid relapses.
They drink more and more to get that feeling as it takes more and more as your body grows a resistance. So yeah they get buzzed but there might be more to it depending on who the alcoholic is. I think it depends on the person but to some people its about stress relief, some its escapism and not wanting to deal with their problems or not knowing how to. Maybe some people just like getting messy and feeling drunk. Some people are addicted to the sense of power it gives them or it makes them feel some how stronger by lowering their inhibitions.
Drinking to numb pain can ABSOLUTELY cause alcohol addiction and alcohol dependence. Substances of any sort, whether drugs or alcohol, will have a further negative affect on your self-confidence and self-esteem and will only make the problem worse. Turning to substances to make yourself feel better is a path to addiction and dependence. If you are feeling low about yourself try scheduling an appoint with a therapist or counselor. Those are much better options than turning to any substance. Remember, alcohol is a DEPRESSANT, it will make you feel even lower and will not change the way you feel about yourself. Dealing with your emotional issues in a healthy way, like by talking to a therapist, is much better than resorting to substance abuse.
none
he might taught that you are a drug addict.
You must be joking. At 13,you insist that you are going to go to a party with drugs and alcohol, get high ,and have sex no matter what. Then you want advice on what to do to achieve those goals.You will get nothing from me except to not go.If you do go and display your obstinate,juvenile,asinine ,irresponsible behavior,then be prepared to be drunk,get high (which you have said you want to do anyway),and have sex, be ready also to be arrested for drug use,alcohol use,sexual abuse ,maybe caring for a child(with no education,job ,housing,or money) and many more problems.While I hope nobody here will take you seriously,I also hope that you are just joking.
Talk to your doctor about this and make sure codeine inst addictive and tell him about your addcitions.
People will think what they think whether they are drinkers or not. Some people accept the decisions of others. Some people view others as being weak or immoral if they drink. Others think non-drinkers think they are better than non-drinkers. Some drinkers wish that they did not drink, themselves. If you wish to not drink, stick to your guns. Be polite, but firm. After a while the others will accept it. if worse comes to worse, you may have to avoid certain people or large family gatherings. Recovering alcoholics often have to make this decision, if family pressure is too great. Some people are the same about food and insist that you should eat or eat more. Offering food and drink is common courtesy. It is also courteous to respect the wishes of those who decline.0
Cannot recommend it. Putting yourself at risk with anyone on booze, drugs, etc. is never a good idea. When it is quite obvious that alcohol abuse has occurred, thats the time to get him the help he needs. Informing him of your conclusion wont work. Asking him face-to-face why hes trying to get you to leave would be a valid question given his behavior. Dont believe much of what he says, though. When he upsets you, you can say two things: - this isnt working for me. - do you want to talk about it? See what he does.
none
Abuse both verbal and physical, depression, physical injuries, health. The list can go on and on. Achohol can actually make depression and anxiety worse. Here is a link with some information its just a quick general read. http://www.pbs.org/thisemotionallife/top   
The danger with trying to drink moderately as an alcoholic is that "I can have just one, then stop." is a classic justification for falling off the wagon. Having even one drink is just too dangerous. In your relatives case "5 or 6 beers within like 30-40 minutes" is way past just one. According to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA): "Binge drinking means drinking so much within about 2 hours that blood alcohol concentration (BAC) levels reach 0.08g/dL. For women, this usually occurs after about 4 drinks, and for men, after about 5. Drinking this way can pose health and safety risks, including car crashes and injuries. Over the long term, binge drinking can damage the liver and other organs." Your relative is already binge drinking. Proof that he cant handle drinking again. Lifelong sobriety is the only safe way.
Physiologically, alcohol alters the balance of chemicals in the brain. It affects chemicals in the brains reward center, such as dopamine. The body eventually craves alcohol to restore pleasurable feelings and avoid negative feelings. People who already suffer from high stress or psychological problems such as low self esteem and depression are at higher risk for developing alcoholism.
Are you his girlfriend or his mother? Trust me you do not need this poison in your life.
Honey you cant change him. If he doesnt want to be fully clean then he wont be. And youll just be throwing your money away trying to make him do something. He is the only one that can help himself. Best to not be with him. And give it another year and you wont love him like you do anymore. Love takes work from both sides and I dont think he has it in him.
because you DIDNT SHUT THE !@#$ing DOOR!! but seriously - its there are a couple of factors that are involved. There are alteration in brain chemistry. That is to say regular intake becomes addictive. They miss there drink - brain reacts the same way most addicts brains react - anger, psychosis, rage and what ever it takes to have a drink. Secondly - its the social exclusion. Alcoholics tend to be less involved in life around them. Lack of daily progress, an y kind of achievement and exclusion from social life leads on to feeling of anger. Alcohol highness these emotion making it easier to over react to problems in burst of anger. As most addictions sense of shame is involved. Many alcoholics feel ashamed of there inability to take control or falling off a wagon. Mix those and there is your perpetual anger cycle. Alcoholic feels shame due to his inability to take control. His brain crave a drink. Shame turn to anger in an addicted brain, blaming people around him. After all, its easier to shout at others who just exclude him from there lives. Unable to deal with this stress he take a drink. Emotions are heightened and he is further angered. Next day he is ashamed again that he was unable to take control of his life. etc etc. How the sense of shame turn in to random undirected anger is a different question. ... its mostly unconscious.
You are right that there can be an awful lot of pressure and judgment laid on people who dont drink by people who do. And its a shame, because in my mind, one of the main privileges of adulthood is being able to think and choose for yourself - nothing to do with alcohol. The people who are hyper focused on drinking, and who get wasted, are the ones with a budding alcohol problem. Theyre not cool. By definition, if you neeeeed something in order to have a good time, it means youre dependent on it. Thats a problem. And the ones who judge are not nice. So dont worry about cooliosity. There are people out there who arent drinkers. Some of them are addicts who realize they have a problem and stay clean, and others just dont like it. Some people pretend to drink just to keep people off their backs : virgin mixed drinks, nonalcoholic beer, or soda. But being around drunk people is depressing, IMO. I can enjoy alcohol, but Ive got more going on than drinking, yanno? So take courage, be yourself, and keep looking for friends without attitudes and alcohol problems. ...
Both are bad for teens, as both can have a negative effect on the developing brain. Most teens are smart enough to stay away from abusing either.
none
Not every alcoholic will "lie, steal, cheat, and crawl on their knees." Alcoholism is a spectrum, and to focus on the extreme cases ensures that early stage alcoholism and periodic abuse will continue to be swept under the rug. Thanks, AA! End PSA. To answer your question, yes, thats a common symptom of alcoholism and it means the problem is progressing. It can also happen to people who are not "alcoholics," per se, but abuse alcohol frequently enough to suffer rebound anxiety, which they will then medicate with more alcohol. I wouldnt say Im an alcoholic, but I rode that merry-go-round living in a frat house. I already had severe anxiety, though, but its definitely a slippery slope.
Many people just like the taste and drink it socially maybe with a meal or a few glasses with friends. Sadly there are many people that use it has a prop, a way to help them face social events and meeting people. It can be abused and become addictive especially when people rely on it to get them through difficult situations. Have a drink but remain in control and dont use it when feeling down. Alcohol is a depressant it may feel that it makes you happy for a few hours but on a regular basis it can change your mood and leave you feeling pretty low.
What worked for me was simply not buying alcohol for home consumption which yes does leave weekends to partake if you go out for the night. Other recommendation, perhaps try weed in its place. Yes I know its a different sort of high but unless you are drug tested it is an option. I live in a state where it has been legalized. Dont know what the situation is in the UK with regard to weed.
Maybe, spirits. And maybe, malignant spirits, rather than the poison of - just thinking (with the help of thesaurus.com).
Absolutely! Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t believe anyone that says no. As long as you&#x27<SEMCOL>re not forming a habit then you&#x27<SEMCOL>re good as gold! Sounds like you gotta great career ahead of ya. Also look into natural medicines for helping your disease. Most western medicines have some harsh side affects.
I find it quite interesting what a great number of people seem to be unable to concentrate long enough to read a few short sentences. According to researchers, the average adult in the United States has an attention span of eight seconds. A goldfish has an attention span of nine seconds. While sometimes I quite honestly wish I had an intellectual capacity no greater than the average, when I think of all the things that I would not have experienced, all the things that I would not have been able to do, I am most grateful for the gift that God has given me. While the evidence seems pretty straightforward that there has been alcohol abuse in the Jehovahs Witnesses organization, I do not believe that there exists any religious organization that is completely without those who abuse drugs and/or alcohol. And that includes the Bahai Faith. When I see the problems that alcohol has caused, I am thankful that I can offer the Chungue in teak comment that I quit drinking alcohol and taking recreational drugs the month before I was conceived. And on a more serious note, when I was in eighth grade and many of my classmates were starting to experiment with alcohol, I sat myself down, had a little talk with myself debating whether or not to be one of those experimenters. I came to the conclusion that drinking alcohol was something that can lead to alcoholism, and seeing what devastation an alcoholic uncle of mine visited on my aunt and his family, I decided to make sure I never, ever did that to any of my loved ones. And the only way to make sure you never become an alcoholic is to never take that first drink. I consciously made the decision not to drink and while at times it was hard to attend business meetings and be the only one not drinking, Im thankful that somehow I managed to always say no. As a safeguard against intemperance [ a Bahai] does not drink wine or spirits. Bah  ull  h has said it is not good for a sane man to take that which will destroy his health and sense. (Abdul-Baha, Abdul-Baha in London, p. 56)
No. STDs are infectious- theyre viruses or small life forms like bacteria or lice. Alcohol related diseases are things like cirrhosis of the liver, chronic pancreatitis, that sort of thing. Its also not uncommon for alcoholics to have malnutrition.
Alcohol abusers overindulge in alcohol but can function without it. Alcohol dependency is when a person cant function normally without alcohol in his/her system. If a person experiences withdrawal symptoms upon sobering up, that person is likely an alcohol dependent.
You sound addicted to alcohol. You may need to look into this deeper. People who become dependent on a drug do this.
No! Alcoholics are weak minded, irresponsible people who think only of themselves. They dont care about what they do to other people.
I am no expert but wouldnt recommend it. Addiction to one thing probably means easily addicted to another. Good luck and keep up the good work. Chew lots of gum?
G Most humans have an evolved tendency to redice the amount of thinking. Alcohol is one of the ways in which we accomplish that. Religion, politics. sports fandom, bridge clubs are a few others.
Will they stop their addiction because you cut them from their lives? Probably not because the only thing that make a committed addict stop is their decision to stop. This is usually comes a last resort, life-or-death decision. That is, they think "I can keep doing drugs, alcohol, etc and die, or stop doing it and live." But IMO, having fewer people support their self-destructive lifestyle can bring them to that decision sooner..
Youre very much at risk w/alcohol, but the whole picture you paint suggests you might be self-destructive. That would make you at risk of a lot of things that you might choose to do.
none
Please understand that depression is a chemical imbalance in our brains, and is in no way any fault of your own. Our brains for what ever reason it may be just stop producing the chemicals needed for that "happy, feel-good" feeling we need to be happy. This requires medication to jump start our brain into producing these needed chemicals again. You say your parents dont believe in mental illnesses, but they are very much a medical condition. They are like any other illness that requires medication to become better. No one asks to be sick, nobody wants that, but when we do become sick in most cases we need medical help to get better. Depression is no different then that. The reason that you feel happy again after mixing the two together is because they are creating your brain produce these chemicals again, only it is in an over abundant amount of them. Which is dangerous. In the long run it does more damage to our brains. You should see a doctor and get on an anti-depressant to help jump start your body into making these chemicals again in a safe way. It may take a bit to find the right medication or to find the right dosage but you will know when you do, so dont get discouraged in the process. Your parents need to start doing some research into this... they need to learn the facts, and realize how dangerous it is to leave depression untreated. You should stop drinking and taking medication at the same time, this is VERY dangerous! You may kill yourself with out ever really having that intention. If drinking has become a problem for you, (are you drinking everyday or drinking large amounts?)or you are abusing or taking medication that is not prescribed to you then yes you need to go to rehab and fix that issue as well. Good luck to you!
none
Alcohol is a recreational drug...a legal one for most folks, provided you are of legal age. Prisoners are not allowed access (technically) to recreational drugs. Many of them are already there because of substance abuse issues and violence perpetrated while under the influence...allowing them to drink alcohol would create many dangerous conditions for both the inmate population and prison employees.
you are well on the way to become addicted, if you are not already. find a substitute and most of all get counselling quick. Alcohol is okay in moderation and not daily.
I think vodka leads the pack, followed by beer. Hardcore drinkers want something with minimum breath odor, no color clues, quick alcohol jolt and reasonable price. Vodka meets these criteria, and is 80 proof (40% alcohol) while beer proof maxes out in the 20s.
none
even though cigs are more addictive than smack they are not a gateway drug. to be a gateway drug it must do one of two things, lower inhibitions which means you make dumb decisions and can be influenced easier by others and/or to be able to buy the substance you have to put yourself in an environment where all sorts of drugs are around. Booze definitely has one of those conditions and is the number one gateway drug. mary jane used to meet the second part, but since the legalization of it in several states and is legal to buy in a safe clinic, none of that other **** is around to tempt you, thus MJ aint a gateway drug
She was dead for 10 days and a surgeon examined her body? You mean like for an autopsy? They had kept her in the morgue for 10 days? You know they keep the morgue refrigerated so the bodies dont rot. They dont normally keep bodies in the morgue for 10 days. I would think since her body did not reek or show obvious signs of decay after 10 days of being dead, the surgeon did not have to examine her for very long. But to answer the question, yes. A person that has a meaningful experience that motivates them to quit drugs, still needs substance abuse counseling or Narcotics Anonymous meetings. Staying clean long term is a serious proposition that will require support and help along the way. Counseling and  can help a great deal.
I drink about once to twice a week... I would say 3-5 times a day is way excessive. Yes, I think you should cut back... a LOT.
It is most certainly an illness. Every alcoholic I have ever met does not choose to be one. And TexHabs, if you met half of the ones I have known in my years, you too would be empathetic and sympathetic to their situations. Alcoholism is classified as a substance abuse disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-III). - See more at: http://www.bettyfordcenter.org/treatment    The American Medical Association (AMA) had declared that alcoholism was an illness in 1956. In 1991, The AMA further endorsed the dual classification of alcoholism by the International Classification of Diseases under both psychiatric and medical sections. (this is the first line from wikipedia). The World Health Organization estimates that there are 140 million people with alcoholism worldwide. Alcohols primary effect is the increase in stimulation of the GABAA receptor, promoting central nervous system depression. With repeated heavy consumption of alcohol, these receptors are desensitized and reduced in number, resulting in tolerance and physical dependence. It can also be genetic, so if your family has a history of alcoholism, please drink responsibly and remember the key is moderation.
You perhaps should relate this to a doctor, your body and not your head may be telling you something.
Your aunt has an illness that only she can cure, unless she admits to herself she has a problem she will never get help. You cannot help her, your mom, family member, etc. cant help her only she can do that. Your family needs to let her know that until she cleans up her act you will have no further dealings with her, its called an intervention, she can go to a facility that will help her, but she has to want the help. Stay away from her, its painful but if she continues it will be more painful for you and her. Unless she gets the help she needs, this will go on and its not fair to anyone. Dont feel guilty or bad, its not your fault, its a disease that only the person who has it can cure.
These are very different questions. If society wanted to reduce the amount of alcohol abuse, then there would need to be a restructuring of society. Part of what facilitates so much alcohol abuse is the shitty conditions and lives that people live in. . If youre looking at societys role in alcohol abuse, its these things that promote it the most. Unhappy people = substance abuse.
Not really . Since alcohol tastes horrible. Unless ur in a withdrawal stage ..0
Overcoming an addiction to alcohol can be a long and bumpy road. At times, it may even feel impossible. But it   s not. If you   re ready to stop drinking and willing to get the support you need, you can recover from alcoholism and alcohol abuse   no matter how bad the addiction or how powerless you feel. You don   t have to wait until you hit rock bottom<SEMCOL> you can make a change at any time. Read to get started on the road to recovery today.
seriously y dont u experiment it on urself before asking dont worry ill tell u by taking these 2 thing together increases the uptake of alcohol in blood which results into irrational decisionsmultiple cancersbecoming addicted etc howewer this is not that dangerous trust me u wont die by this. just as we say in typical hindi, daru ka nasha ache se chadta hai so now i think u should try this
Your name fits. Alcoholics do not have any universal personality traits. The only thing that is universally true about them is that they are addicted to alcohol. You cannot be an alcoholic who is not addicted to alcohol. Unless you mean an alcoholic in recovery staying sober.
enjoy in weekends and bachelor parties i.e like frnds b day and vaccations
Alcoholic. Booze is cheaper and not illegal so I wouldt have awful financial difficulties or drug dealers coming after me because of debt and I wouldnt get in trouble with the law. I think its also easier to quit alcohol than heroin. Not sure though since I dont have personal experience on either.
An alcoholic is one who is addicted to alcohol to the point they cannot control their drinking and the detriment of their health, welfare and social life. This can mean just about anything, but it generally means someone who cannot control their drinking, who have to drink every day. It can mean one or two drinks a day, it can mean one or two six packs or a fifth of Jack a day. Generally, an alcoholic would have to drink enough to affect his/her ability to control part of their daily life, so I would say a good low average would be more than three beers or glasses of wine a day and more than two simple mixed drinks or shot drinks a day, every day(no one really uses just one shot in a shot drink).
Because, its normally caused as a way of dealing with things too much for the individual to handle so that feeling they get becomes addicting (its like a compulsion) and before you know not only are the addicted to the feeling but the alcohol itself. They cant just stop because they have things (emotions) they want to get rid of so badly.... It also has a lot to do with brain chemistry. But you can look that up, I dont know what it is.
Man, be honest with yourself. You lied to your fianc  ! A big lie! How can she trust you if you think its okay to do that? Now, what you should do is give up alcohol. Go back to her, and tell her that if she takes you back you wont drink again. Think! You lost this beautiful girl because of drink. She was going to be your wife! Now, if you gave up there might be a chance you could get her back again. So, which is more important to you? Remember that you cant lie again, she will find out.
none
Alcoholism isnt necessarily a disease in the sense that some think of the word disease. Its more of a mental disease or disorder. You can have a genetic predisposition to abuse alcohol, but for the most part it seems to be a personality disorder. You will notice that someone who gives up one addiction often trades it for another, healthier addiction because they are just built that way. There is no biochemical or physical way to test for alcoholism because it is a personal choice, because even if you are predisposed to it you may choose to avoid it, much like being predisposed to being violent and taking anger management. It is also unclear as to the genetic loci involved, but Im guessing it is a culmination of a lot of genes and that it may take a while to find a real indicator of an addictive personality.
You are VERY unlikely to experience health problems from withholding alcohol. Just try other ways to keep your stress level down. Travel and a little exercise are good alternatives.
Oh defensively NO. But its not recommended for a 14 year teen. You must be atleast 16 year old. Drinking Alcohol once in a week wont spoil you on growing. It shouldnt be a habit, Try once and leave it. Dont get addicted on it.
During the rehab process, a recovering addict will focus on drug/alcohol detoxification as guided by well-trained professionals, go through rehabilitation where he will meet other people struggling with addiction, get education to be fully aware of what happened to them, and go through counseling/therapy. Once he has gone through such process, your friend will be able to move to a halfway house. These are facilities for people who are able to stay sober and trying to reintegrate to society. Here he can enjoy recovery without feeling too isolated, enjoy company with friends, and do recreational activities as well.
This was already tried, and it failed. The crime syndicate just took hold of the liquor market, so it didnt get rid of drunks, it just turned them into criminals. Oddly enough, people cannot see the exact same thing is happening with all recreational drugs. If you did the same thing with all these recreational drugs that was done with alcohol, youd make them safer, less available to minors (because dealers dont ask for ID), and also, youd put the criminals out of business. The drug war hurts much more people than it helps, if any at all. Ive only seen evidence that if someone wants to use illegal drugs, theyll go use them, get themselves a criminal record and then locked up, but once theyre released, they have less of a life to go back to, so good luck finding work, and, they never made the decision for themselves to quit, which means you can lock up an addict for 7 years, but when he or she gets out, theyll start using again. We need to stop punishing people for using these drugs, and only punish them if they assault someone, steal from someone, etc. It makes no sense that were punishing the victims of the drug, but as soon as they start hurting other people, they are no longer victims, and deserve punishment to the fullest extent of the law. Intoxication is not a reason for leniency in court. That how it should be in a free, and open society, which advocates personal responsibility.
Because Hemp was a threat to the Cotton Barons... And because back when it was still legal, it was seen as something that "Non-Whites" used and affiliated with Latinos and Blacks and so there was an extreme racist component to it that was exploited by those that wanted to get the Hemp part banned, too. ? The History Channel - Hooked: Illegal Drugs and How They Got That Way http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/illegal-d    ? Grass The History Of Marijuana [1999] http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/grass/ <edit> 343guiltyspark has no idea what theyre talking about. </edit> ? Legal history of cannabis in the United States https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_hist    Regulations and restrictions on the sale of Cannabis sativa as a drug began as early as 1619. Increased restrictions and labeling of cannabis as a poison began in many states from 1906 onward, and outright prohibitions began in the 1920s. By the mid-1930s Cannabis was regulated as a drug in every state, including 35 states that adopted the Uniform State Narcotic Drug Act. In 1973 President Richard Nixons "Reorganization Plan Number Two" proposed the creation of a single federal agency to enforce federal drug laws and Congress accepted the proposal, as there was concern regarding the growing availability of drugs. As a result, on July 1, 1973, the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs (BNDD) and the Office of Drug Abuse Law Enforcement (ODALE) merged to create the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). On December 1, 1975, the Supreme Court ruled that it was "not cruel or unusual for Ohio to sentence someone to 20 years for having or selling cannabis."
Since you are using words like "beginning" it seems like you would like to one day reach "advanced". I can write you a list as long as my arm of guys I know who wish they could trade their advanced standings to go back to a point to where they could listen to the protestations of their bodies against self-abuse. I am not meaning to be preachy, and I am not telling you not to drink. I am saying be moderate, take cues from your body fighting you, and remember this: in fifteen or twenty years, if you take the advice I am offering, you will be one of the people actually enjoying themselves hanging out with your friends in a pub, not the strung out old creep arguing with the bartender about being cut off or sitting alone thinking about better times or a desperate alcoholic struggling to find the life he had before he forced himself to take another drink despite his body fighting valiantly against it in those fleeting moments of youthful fun.
none
none
Because the drug money is laundered through the big banks who have taken over the country through the issuance of counterfeit notes known as "federal reserve" (public dispensary) notes. The excess and secrecy allows for the laundering. Check out "wachovia launders 378 billion dollars" and given fines around 150 million. Prohibition Statistics     Alcohol Prohibition (MSNBC) A) Arrests for drunkenness and disorderly conduct up 41% B) Homicides, Assaults, and batteries up 13% C) Number of Federal convicts up 561% D) Federal Prison Population up 366% E) Total spending on penal institutions up 1,000% Host "We have the same exact kind of enormous jumps in incarceration, crime, and prison expenditure under this current pot prohibition."     "The prestige of government has undoubtedly been lowered considerably by the prohibition law for nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced. It is an open secret that the dangerous increase in crime in this country is closely connected with this." -Albert Einstein "Prohibition will work great injury to the cause of temperance. It is a species of intemperance within itself, for it goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a mans appetite by legislation, and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes. A Prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded." - Abraham Lincoln     Each year the United States spends 350 billion dollars on the war on drugs.     On any given day in the United States 1 in 9 African American males between the ages of 20 and 34 is incarcerated.     Mexico declares war on drug cartels in December of 2006 (BBC) A 2006: 270 drug related deaths B) 2009: 16,337 drug related deaths     Judge Jim Gray (Reason TV) - In 1990 we were only half as successful in prosecuting homicides as we were in 1980 due to the Reagan administration ratcheting up the drug war. This due to prosecutorial resources being devoted to drug related "offenses". - In Holland marijuana use is legal for everyone 16 and older. Coffee shops include marijuana. The minister of health recently held a press conference in which he stated that marijuana use within his country was half that of the United States both for adults and teenagers. He claimed that they had succeeded in making pot "boring".     Drug offenders in prisons and jails have increased 1,100% since 1980. Nearly 6 in 10 persons in prison for a drug offense have no history of violence or high-level drug selling activity (not that it would be a problem. Just a fact. / November Coalition)     According to the UN, drug prohibition has seen increases in the use of opiates, cocaine and marijuana to the effect of -Opiates 34% -Cocaine 27% -Marijuana 8.5% (Worldwide presumably. CNN)     Prison Population (BBC) -United States: 2,193,798 -China: 1,548,498 (overall population 1,344,130,000) -Russia: 874,161 -Brazil: 371,482     According to DEA: (Google Tech Talks) -4 million drug users in 1965 (2% of overall population) -112 million drug users in 2003 (46% of overall population)     Wholesale cocaine costs 60% less / Heroin costs 70% less (Google Tech Talks)     Heroin overdose rate: (Google Tech Talks) - 1979 = 28 deaths per 100,000 users - 2003 = 141 deaths per 100,000 users     Approximately $30,000 per year per inmate     39 Million drug arrests under drug prohibition     1914 = 1.3% addicted to drugs/ 2002 = 1.3% addicted to drugs (Google Tech Talks)     % of crimes resolved by arrest or other means (Google tech talks) - 1965: Murders 91% - 2006: Murders 60.7%, Forcible rape 40.9%, Robbery 25.2%, Aggravated Assault 54.0%, Burglary 12.6%, Larceny-theft 17.4%, Motor vehicle theft 12.6%     Decriminalized Drugs 1. Netherlands 1976 2. Portugal 2001 3. Mexico 2009 4. Argentina 2009
Alcohol addiction, or alcoholism, wreaks havocs in an individuals life as well as loved ones. Alcoholism can lead to relationship problems, health problems, school or work problems, money problems, and more. Those effects are all indirect results of alcoholism, and direct results of alcoholism can be just as destructive. A common contributing factor to alcohol addiction is depression. Unfortunately, alcoholism only worsens depression. Somebody who is addicted to alcohol will lose control of his or her emotions. An angry person will become angrier and more violent, for example. Also, alcohol abuse has a negative impact on motivation. An alcoholic will show low performance in school or at work, and will eventually stop participating in life altogether.
Drinking alcoholic beverages during social functions is a common practice among adults. Occasional drinking poses no treat to health but sometimes the occasional social drinking can progress over time into alcohol abuse. Alcohol abuse has varied effects on our bodies and chronic drinking can pose major health risks. Alcohol affects the brain and the nervous system by slowing down the drinkers reactions and making him feel tranquilized and relaxed. Alcohol dulls the brain. When someone takes alcohol, his inhibitions are lowered making him more aggressive and hostile. When taken in higher dosage, alcohol can cause mental block out, impairing the persons concentration and ability to judge situations properly. This will also create distorted coordination and emotional reactions. The liver is one of the primary targets of chronic alcohol abuse. Alcoholic hepatitis results when the liver cells are damaged due to recent heavy drinking. On the other hand, liver cirrhosis is a result of a long-term excessive alcohol use wherein large areas of the liver are destroyed or scarred. Damage to the liver may become extremely serious and life threatening.
none
Its ugly, my friend, its ugly. Its better to quit early. http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcoh   
I would say tobacco, actually. A drug is defined as a chemical that causes a physiological change. Technically speaking, water and oxygen are drugs.
http://www.al-anon.org/ This website may help answer your question probably better than I can. A family member who is addicted to alcohol has an illness. The person who drinks will lie, steal, change personalities, harm a family member when drunk and hurt everyone close. Financially, the drain on the family income to support the illness can leave the rest of the family struggling with bills and finding enough food to eat. Dealing with a drunk can leave life long scars and emotional trauma usually requiring some type of therapy to help heal and deal. Hope this helps.
It means a person drinks a lot of alcohol to the extent of injuring their body. But they are not dependent upon it, meaning they are not alcoholic and can stop drinking if they wish.
none
COMMON MYTHS ABOUT ALCOHOL MYTH: Alcohol gives you energy. FACT: Actually, it   s the opposite. Alcohol is a drug. It   s a depressant and slows down your ability to think, speak and move. Even at low levels, it affects your perception, coordination and judgement, long before any physical signs of impairment occur. MYTH: Switching between beer, wine and spirits will affect you more than sticking to one type of alcohol. FACT: Wrong. Your blood alcohol concentration or BAC     the percentage of alcohol in your blood     is what counts, not the beverages consumed. Alcohol is alcohol. MYTH: You   ll be more affected by spirits than by beer or a wine cooler. FACT: A drink is a drink is a drink. A 12-oz. bottle of beer (5% alc./vol.), a 5-oz. glass of wine (12% alc./vol.) and a 1.5-oz. serving of spirits (40% alc./vol.) are all equal in absolute alcohol content. MYTH: It   s just beer. It can   t permanently damage you. FACT: Any kind of alcohol, if consumed irresponsibly, has the potential to seriously damage your digestive system. Alcohol abuse can damage your brain, heart, liver, stomach and other critical organs. Not to mention that it could also take years away from your life. MYTH: Everybody reacts the same way to alcohol. FACT: Everyone is different. There are dozens of factors that affect reactions to alcohol: your gender, body weight, body chemistry, time of day, how you feel mentally, fatigue     and the list goes on. MYTH: Eating a big meal before you drink will keep you sober. FACT: Food in your stomach only delays the absorption of alcohol into the bloodstream. A full stomach doesn   t prevent the effects of alcohol or intoxication. MYTH: You can drink and still be in control. FACT: Alcohol impairs your judgement, which increases the likelihood that you will do something you   ll regret, such as having unprotected sex, being involved in crime, damaging property, or being victimized by others.* MYTH: The worst thing that can happen when you drink too much is ending up with a raging hangover. FACT: If only. For one thing, if you drink a lot of alcohol quickly, it can build up in your body so much that you can die from alcohol poisoning within only a few hours. As well, you   re more prone to injury, which can be serious or fatal. You may also end up getting behind the wheel of a car and severely injuring or killing someone     or yourself. Definitely much worse than a hangover. MYTH: One drink won   t affect your driving. FACT: People have trouble judging how seriously alcohol has affected them. That means many individuals who drive after drinking one drink think they can control a car     but they   re wrong. This can have deadly consequences.* MYTH: A cold shower and a cup of coffee are good ways to sober up. FACT: Although they may make you feel clean and awake, nothing sobers you up but time. Coffee is a stimulant     it   ll keep you awake but won   t sober you up. MYTH: If someone passes out after drinking, it   s best to let them sleep it off. FACT: If a friend or a guest passes out, never leave them alone. Have someone call 911 for medical assistance. Be sure to roll them onto their side, with their head on its side as well, until help comes. MYTH: There is no point inpostponing drinking until you   re 19. FACT: Research showsthat the longer you postpone drinking,the less likely you are to ever experience alcohol-related problems. Plus, it   sagainst thelaw.* MYTH: Teens can   t become alcoholics because theyhaven   t been drinking long enough. FACT: Youcan develop alcoholism at any age. Itdependshow much andhow often you drink. MYTH: It   snone of my business ifa friend is drinking too much. FACT: If you   re a real friend, it is your business.You can   t make them change, but you can be honest. Who knows? Maybe they   ll listen. You might even be able to help them decide to get help. MYTH: Drugs are a bigger problem than alcohol. FACT: Alcohol is a drug     and one of the deadliest. Alcohol misuse and abuse costs Ontario millions each year. These costs include health care, law enforcement, fire and property damage, and productivity losses. MYTH: Alcohol makes you sexier. FACT: Alcohol clouds your judgement and makes you less inhibited.You could end up engaging in something you hadn   t planned on,includingunprotected and/or unwanted sex.Thatputs you at risk of unwanted pregnancy and contracting sexually transmitted diseases (including HIV).Definitely not sexy. MYTH: People who drinktoo much onlyhurtthemselves. FACT: Everyone who drinks has a parent, grandparent, sibling, friend, boyfriendor girlfriend who worries aboutthem. And what if the problem drinker flunks out of school or gets behind the wheel of a car and kills someone? To learn more aboutalcohol and its effects, call the Centre for Addictionand Mental Health   s Drug, Alcohol and MentalHealth InformationLine at 1-800-463-6273. In Toronto, call 416 595-6111 or visit their Web site at www.camh.net. You canalso call the Drug andAlcohol Registry of Treatment (DART) at 1-800-565-8603 or check out www.dart.on.ca to find out about treatmentservices in your community and throughout Ontario. Adapted with permissionfrom the AmericanAcademyof Pediatrics       Debunking the Myths of Alcohol       2000    American Academy of Pediatricswith the exception of those marked *which are adapted with permission from the NationalInstitute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism   s    Top Ten Myths About Alcohol   . 2
I think that most nonalcoholics can identify a person who they think has a drinking problem as an alcoholic. Usually, they realize this when the alcohol usage interferes with the alcoholic or alcoholics family. People who dont realize it and those who try to hide it or ignore it are sadly ignorant and hurting the person. The big issue is that most alcoholics do not realize they are alcoholics and dont see a reason to quit drinking. Drinking is their fix. If you know someone who is addicted and in need of help, please encourage them to go to rehab. There are many wonderful rehab facilities that insurance covers. Best!
Shakes grumpy - aggression vomiting depression (wont last forever dont worry) cravings - strong to mild headache possible diarrhea Most of those symptoms will only occur if you are a frequent heavy drinker. None of these things will last however! Unlike the damage excessive drinking will do to the body. Such as increasing risk of cancer, liver disease, premature death, tooth decay, mental and psychological damage, addiction etc.
Depends on the specific terms of your probation.
Your keeping it safe bro just drink occasionally if you dont want to build up a habit im in H.S and i drink alcohol like once a week but i know my limits not to get stupid or anything like some people do I usually have 3 16oz of just beer and I seem quite fine I dont feel addicted or anything I just enjoy having a good time with buddies to take the edge off of going to school everyday
Depends on how much you are drinking, but if it really one day a week you shouldnt have a problem. If you dont drink yourself stupid the night before you will be fine. Alcohol in excess amounts used more than twice a week DOES raise your estrogen levels, which is counter active to your weight lifting. All in All, if its one day a week you shouldnt have a problem at all.
    Alcohol Prohibition (MSNBC) A) Arrests for drunkenness and disorderly conduct up 41% B) Homicides, Assaults, and batteries up 13% C) Number of Federal convicts up 561% D) Federal Prison Population up 366% E) Total spending on penal institutions up 1,000% Host "We have the same exact kind of enormous jumps in incarceration, crime, and prison expenditure under this current pot prohibition."     "The prestige of government has undoubtedly been lowered considerably by the prohibition law for nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced. It is an open secret that the dangerous increase in crime in this country is closely connected with this." -Albert Einstein "Prohibition will work great injury to the cause of temperance. It is a species of intemperance within itself, for it goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a mans appetite by legislation, and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes. A Prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded." - Abraham Lincoln     Each year the United States spends 350 billion dollars on the war on drugs.     On any given day in the United States 1 in 9 African American males between the ages of 20 and 34 is incarcerated.     Mexico declares war on drug cartels in December of 2006 (BBC) A 2006: 270 drug related deaths B) 2009: 16,337 drug related deaths     Judge Jim Gray (Reason TV) - In 1990 we were only half as successful in prosecuting homicides as we were in 1980 due to the Reagan administration ratcheting up the drug war. This due to prosecutorial resources being devoted to drug related "offenses". - In Holland marijuana use is legal for everyone 16 and older. Coffee shops include marijuana. The minister of health recently held a press conference in which he stated that marijuana use within his country was half that of the United States both for adults and teenagers. He claimed that they had succeeded in making pot "boring".     Drug offenders in prisons and jails have increased 1,100% since 1980. Nearly 6 in 10 persons in prison for a drug offense have no history of violence or high-level drug selling activity (not that it would be a problem. Just a fact. / November Coalition)     According to the UN, drug prohibition has seen increases in the use of opiates, cocaine and marijuana to the effect of -Opiates 34% -Cocaine 27% -Marijuana 8.5% (Worldwide presumably. CNN)     Prison Population (BBC) -United States: 2,193,798 -China: 1,548,498 (overall population 1,344,130,000) -Russia: 874,161 -Brazil: 371,482     According to DEA: (Google Tech Talks) -4 million drug users in 1965 (2% of overall population) -112 million drug users in 2003 (46% of overall population)     Wholesale cocaine costs 60% less / Heroin costs 70% less (Google Tech Talks)     Heroin overdose rate: (Google Tech Talks) - 1979 = 28 deaths per 100,000 users - 2003 = 141 deaths per 100,000 users     Approximately $30,000 per year per inmate     39 Million drug arrests under drug prohibition     1914 = 1.3% addicted to drugs/ 2002 = 1.3% addicted to drugs (Google Tech Talks)     % of crimes resolved by arrest or other means (Google tech talks) - 1965: Murders 91% - 2006: Murders 60.7%, Forcible rape 40.9%, Robbery 25.2%, Aggravated Assault 54.0%, Burglary 12.6%, Larceny-theft 17.4%, Motor vehicle theft 12.6%     Decriminalized Drugs 1. Netherlands 1976 2. Portugal 2001 3. Mexico 2009 4. Argentina 2009     Marijuana use by tenth graders in Netherlands: 28% / Marijuana use by tenth graders in the United States 41% (Google Tech Talks)     Marijuana use: U.S. lifetime prevalence = 37% / Netherlands = 17% (Google Tech Talks)     Heroin Use: U.S. lifetime prevalence = 1.4% / Netherlands = 0.4% (Google Tech Talks)     After decriminalization, Portugal drug use by ages 13-15 decreased by 25%/ 16-19 decreased by 22% - Heroin overdose deaths decreased by 52% - HIV infections reported by drug users decreased by 71% (Google Tech Talks)     Netherlands homicide rate per 100,00 population: 1.5/ U.S. homicide rate per 100,00 population 5.6 (Google Tech Talks)     United States imprisons more of its own population than any country in the history of the world. (TV Show "QI") Cited video titles are listed as follows: 1. End the Failed War on Drugs -- Cenk on MSNBC 2. Did You Know -- War on Drugs Edition 3. Portugal Legalizes Drugs. Crime Usage Falls. 4. Mexicos War on Drugs: War on Drugs Edition 5. United States of Prison 6. CNN: Time to End the War on Drugs? 7. Drug War Failure in Mexico 8. What Happened When Portugal Decriminalized Drugs? 9. The War on Drugs has Failed 10. Stephen Fry on American Prison Facts 11. Jim Gray on The Six Groups Who Benefit From Drug Prohibition Prohibition Statistic Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL   
You dont get addicted to something until after you try it. I was gay before I ever even kissed a man. Therefore it is not an addiction. The APA and many other psychological and medical experts will tell you the same thing. "It is important to distinguish between out-of control sexual behavior (sexual addiction) and ones discomfort with their sexual orientation. A trained therapist should be able to help separate the issues."(sash.net)
I am so very sorry about your mum & your situation but I dont have good news when addiction is involved. You cant make her stop drinking nor can anyone else. Lock her away involuntarily for life with no access would be about the only way but the only way she (or any addict) will stop is when THEY want to & even then it can be very difficult. Youre actually very lucky to have your grandmother & that she has raised you. Generally people grow up to do the exact things they hate about a parent when theyre kids & though they vow they will never drink like that or whatever you grow up & tend to "go with what you know". Your mother loves you but from everything I know about life & its struggles addiction to anything is so very hard to stop. It doesnt make anyone less of a person though far too many in life look down on addicts as less than a human life form....these people have no right to judge anyone its not their job. I honestly dont know what the best way would be to help you mum get pointed in a direction with no alcohol in her future but I do know you need to continue to be as supportive of her as you can, let her know you love her but you also need to spend more time on you & worrying about you. Take care of your things because worrying about anything or anyone only causes problems for you, nobody else & its too stressful. I dont know if you can go to anyone in any agency of authority or who deals with addicts to explain exactly why youre so worried about something happening to your ma but if theres anyone/anyplace I recommend you go to them & explain everything because its possible they can at least keep an eye out for her & be extra watchful for her & others to make sure her situation at least doesnt get worse. I used to have neighbors who were severe alcoholics with a little 5 year old boy my sons age at the time & it broke my heart to have him beg me to make his mom stop drinking. I (and you) cant make anyone do anything except for myself. And change your reaction to others but you cant change others Im afraid. I really hope you are able to accept the situation as it is right now & get your life together as you have your whole life ahead of you & plan to make good use of it & I also hope your mom is able to make the decision to stop & gets the help she needs to do so. Your gmother needs to stop obsessing about the daughter shes already lost & her fear of losing another. Obviously she cant do anything to change anyone but herself or she would have by now. Love each other & take care of each other. Get on with your life because you need to simple as that. Good luck & I know none of what Ive just said is what you want to hear but I know all too well how hard the truth is to deal with but until you do accept it & deal with it you cant even do anything for yourself. Id very much love to know how things are going in the future & hope someday Ill be able to read somewhere how your mum finally was able to stop drinking & that you are doing so well in your chosen career! Life is so much harder than I ever imagined but that doesnt mean it hasnt been worth every second
Yes, but I tend to wax too lyrical in these circumstances. It is well known that one of the great poems of the romantic era, Kubla Khan, was written under the influence of opiates. The author, Samuel Coleridge, was an opium addict and apparently many of his inspired moments came to him whilst under the influence. His friend, William Wordsworth, disapproved of his opium-eating and advised him to burn Kubla Khan so that it would never be published. He even rummaged amongst his friends belongingwhen he was away to locate the manuscript so that he could do the immolation himself. Luckily he didnt find it. Are you planning on writing a masterpiece?
none
none
Thank you for asking about Islam.Islam is for the preservation of life !!! Almighty Allah forbids us in the Holy Quran from using any substance that causes intoxication and makes us loose our minds and senses,be it Alcohol,Drugs,Chemical substance abuse etc.Reffering to Alcohol Almighty Allah tells us that Alcohol does have some benifits[ use of industrial Alcohol and Pure form of Alcohol for antiseptic/surgical /medicals uses] but the negative aspects of Alcohol are More !!!. We see what havoc the efects of Alcohol consumption plays on societies..As we well know that most Evil actions are done under the influence of Alcohol and drugs.Families are destroyed, Crimes Comitted, deaths and sucides and accidents ,diseases of the liver,importancy ,loss of self respect etc.Also in Islam we pray fimes times a day and cannot pray under the influence of Alcohol,as it is Handy work of the Satan.Islam wants mankind to live a healthy life style and for a person to always be in control of his/her faculties and senses.!!! Most Modern Religions also speak against Alcohol,But they are afraid of loosing popularity with their followers and therfore have not made it a prohibition.
There are a lot of family-environment factors that might make the child of an alcoholic an alcoholic themselves, but most kids avoid that fate. Things like "learning" to use alcohol as a crutch, just not having supportive and with-it parents and sometimes real anger/trauma/etc, and not having good role models or other satisfying ways to spend time, can predispose anyone to alcoholism. The "tendency" to become an addict of *something* (not necessarily alcohol) does tend to have at least some genetic component though. And actually, recent studies also tend to show that more male children of alcoholics will become alcoholics later than female children, but thats only an increase in the ones who do go on to become alcoholics. .
Alice, its a subject difficult to talk about, but if it helped to resolve issues in memory, more good can come with facing truth. Your dad struggles likely, and your mom is a hero, and you are a remarkable young lady, just imagine being able to talk about this now. It can only get better for all involved, so keep positive thoughts alive and believe in tomorrow.
You really should be off the oxycodone period before you have your toast. You are still needing it daily (even if its not OxyContin. it doesnt matter) and should chill until you dont need it daily, even though Im sure youre feeling its doing very little at this point. You still never know how alcohol is going to mix with an opiate. They had this drug, I guess it was about 5 years ago now, called Palladone. It was a long acting form of Dilaudid, a drug a little stronger than oxycodone.. But everybody from the patients, the FDA doctors, DEA doctors and hardheads, the drug Czar, I mean everybody was happy as a flying pig with the way this drug worked. Then, like usual, somebody with too much time on their hands and too little else on his mind figured since it was billed as "abuse-proof" a couple brews would help kick this Pallidone up a notch. They figured all this out at his autopsy.. But since it was a fair bit of beer and a good abuse size dose of this Palladone, it was just another druggie thinking he could handle whatever he put in to his body. Nobody following doctors directions and label warnings had kicked the bucket and it was a good useful pain drug. So they let it ride. Even after the DEA had their usual rabid message to ban all opiate analgesics. Then normal folk, patients following doctors orders just trying to deal with everyday pain that would put most non-patients running to the ER, began having problems. People going out for their yearly anniversary glass of champagne or their Xmas egg-nog (yuck) spiked with a shot of whiskey, ended up in the morgue. Turns out while Palladone could handle stomach acid all day long. just a little bit of alcohol damn near liquefied the damn pill, dumping the whole days dose (and it was a 23 hour pill that really went that long) all at once, straight in to the unsuspecting patient Fortunately most people on that heavy duty a drug had a pretty tough tolerance and they just got unexpectedly bombed for a day or two. As usual the DEA screamed out "MURDER" and had it yanked off shelves just a couple months after the pharmacies made room for it. They should have stuck with it and tried to fix it, but the big box warning wasnt enough to satisfy the DEA, and away it went, the best one a day pain pill ever created. Just cause alcohol was too easy, in their minds, to mix with this one drug that very few outside of real patients were hearing about. I guess the abusers would have ruined sooner rather than later as with most things, their bad choices are always more important than a serious medical need. Honestly, youd probably be fine if you just kept it to one toast to your recovery.. But after all that hard work and pain coming back to the real world, do you want to roll the dice tonight? Work hard, taper it so its not an every day drug give it 12 hours from your last pill and toast in the new year. Wake up New Years Day, if youre hungover, take a couple motrin and go back to bed. When you wake up if you need an oxycodone, go for it. Youll feel better than most people by kick off of the football game (unless youre a Washington fan). Good luck
//.*.CDT BLOOD TEST FOR ALCOHOL ABUSE {CARBOHYDRATE DEFICIENT TRANSFERRIN) IS A BIOMARKER TEST: How it works: Transferrin is a protein which carries iron through the bloodstream.Normally, transferrin has 4 carbohydrate groups attached to it. In the presence of excessive alcohol, alternate versions of transferrin can be found with fewer carbohydrate groups (therefore called "carbohydrate deficient transferrin or CDT). Cdt levels become measurable after 2 weeks of excessive alcohol consumption averaging 50 g of ethanol per day. CDT levels remain elevated for 2 to 4 weeks after abstaining from alcohol. ///*GGT BLOOD TEST: Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase http://www.rnceus.com/lf/lfggt.html ///* BAC TEST: BLOOD ALCOHOL CONCENTRATION or SALIVA ALCOHOL TEST ***http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_alcoh    ///*FAEE HAIR ALCOHOL TEST How it works: Hair grows from the root (1 cm) per month. Deposits can be detected at 2 to 4 weeks. The distance from the hair follicle allows them to estimate the time drug abuse occurred. ( stable in hair treatments, cosmetics and sunlight) It gives them a detailed view of consumption over the past weeks or months. Alcohol is not directly deposited in the hair, they look for direct products of ethanol metabolism: Alcohol is oxidized in the human body. It releases carbon dioxide. One part of alcohol reacts with fatty acids to produce esters.The sum of the concentrations of four of these fatty acid ethyl esters (FAEE): ethyl myristate, ethyl palmitate, ethyl oleate and ethyl stearate are used as indicators of alcohol consumption. ///* EtG(Ethyl Glucuronide Ethyl Sulfate Alcohol Drug Test) /URINE TEST can detect alcohol in the body up to 80 hours after the last drink. However, it takes up to two hours for the alcohol to show up in the persons urine ///*/Alcohol Screening tests: (tests: Cage, T-ace,Audit, Raps4, Tweat, Mast, Fast, Paddington, Saast and different adolescents tests.) http://alcoholism.about.com/od/tests/a/t    ///* Liver enzymes known as AST or ALT, the AST level is higher (almost double)than the ALT in alcoholics and combined wth the Red blood cell test: MCV is over 100. ///MORE TESTS : Apolipoprotein A1 is advocated by a French group as a way of telling drinkers with cirrhosis from those without. Include serum laminin, serum N terminal procollagen II and serum type VI collagen. N terminal procollagen III has found a role as an alternative to liver biopsy in patients on methotrexate,so long as it remains normal, fibrosis is very unlikely ///* High amounts of enlarged mitochondria in alcoholics The mitochondria is the energy production section of the living cell. They can see this in pathology. This include the Blood and other types of testing that I have found. Can they see this by damage to the liver:? YES.alcohol is one of the causes of damage to the liver cells in different ways: 1.If someone overconsumes alcohol, it doesnt give the liver cells time to make the necessary enzymes to convert the alcohol completely.The alcohol and its byproduct can become toxic to the liver cells and damage them. 2. Consuming alcohol over long times periods can cause the build up of fat inside the liver...this can be seen on an ultrasound or other film testings. Fat causes pressure in the liver and damage the liver cells. 3. Some people are allergic to or intolerant of alcohol. 4. Taking medications with alcohol can cause an interaction between them to instantly damage the liver cells. So what takes place in the liver: The liver cells are damaged, the immune system of the body will respond to this damage and cause inflammation in the liver which leads to the liver enlarging in size and taking on a spongy texture. If the cause is not stopped...it can lead to where the liver cells die off, form scar tissue inside the liver which blocks the flow of blood in the liver...This is Then Cirrhosis. The liver is dying inside a living patient. It shrinks in size and takes on a hard texture. I hope this information has been of some help Best wishes found.
This is exactly what AA is for. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s about learning how to deal with these things so you can have relief from the distress you&#x27<SEMCOL>re having now. Have nothing to lose...give it a shot.
Alcohol addiction is more in the mind then in the body. Saving faith supernatural changes the way of thinking, and open the mind for an understanding of Scripture. 2 Corinthians 5 17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation<SEMCOL> old things have passed away<SEMCOL> behold, all things have become new. 18 Now all things are of God, who has reconciled us to Himself through Jesus Christ, and has given us the ministry of reconciliation, 19 that is, that God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself, not imputing their trespasses to them, and has committed to us the word of reconciliation. The word addiction has two basic meanings. The first definition, and the one most of us are familiar with is    to cause to become physiologically or psychologically dependent on a habit-forming substance.    Those who are addicted or    given to much wine    (Titus 1:7<SEMCOL> 2:3),    drunkards    (1 Timothy 3:3) or    heavy drinkers    (1 Timothy 3:8) are disqualified from teaching or holding a position of authority in the church. It   s clear that church leadership needs to be sober and self-controlled so that, by their example, they can teach others to be the same, for we know that    drunkards . . . shall not inherit the kingdom of God    (1 Corinthians 
No . A good practice is to put some food in your stomach before drinking. This is a good habit (food) in the long run. However , if you are depressed , this should be addressed first. good luck.
Depends on the "drink" you have. Beer has less alcohol content than vodka, whiskey, Canadian Club, etc.. Stop drinking and you can avoid all that and also not get "addicted" as Alcohol damages your Liver and Brain cells or can cause other diseases later on.
Stay away from anything that has acetaminophen in it as chronic use can cause liver failure. The thing about liver damage is that it all adds up, making for scar tissue that impedes blood flow through it since the scar tissue shrinks around the blood vessels. When enough of that happens your liver begins to weep a watery egg white like fluid into your abdomin. Google up images of Ascites to get an idea of what chronic liver failure looks like. TV shows and Movies promote drug abuse just as much for the rehab and psych drug profits as for any other profits connected with this tragedy. So I would give up the Cymbalta and the Alcohol, but at least with the Cymbalta there is really no great magnet making you want to take it.
Here mental health is only given highest predominance. All other things can wait. If it is urgent, please tell me immediately about your present.mental health problems. We will discuss leisurely about rest of your problems. Dont worry. Be always optimistic in life. It is really a good venture from your side and I really appreciate your genuine concern about homework.
Your GP sees alcoholism on a routine basis. They will probably have blood drawn, to test for liver function, but generally the liver is remarkable in its ability to tolerate this, though it will not put up with abuse forever. You are in Australia, I gather, so I dont know the differences in protocol. Here, it could vary from prescribing anti-anxiety medication, to suggestions of 12-Step programs (Alcoholics Anonymous), or referrals to therapy via clinical psychologist or psychiatrist. I recommend the therapy route. Find out why you drink compulsively.
Yes, alcohol is a very nice addiction. We here on Yahoo Answers BWS highly recommend alcohol addiction.
Firstly you need to define abuse. In medicine abuse approximately refers to non-medical or recreational use of a drug. Therefore any use of alcohol that fits this description is technically abuse, even one drink. In many social situations introverted people are brought to life by alcohol, this allows them to do things that they would be too socially anxious to do whilst sober. Some PTSD patients find that alcohol is one of the only things that helps them. It damages their health, but increases their perceived quality of life. This is just an idea or two.
Jewish answer: yes. Abusing alcohol is discouraged
Is it fair to characterize the pain as a chest pain, and the breathing difficulty as shortness of breath? These symptoms, if they occur when you drink anisette, an alcoholic liqueur that is flavored with anise seed, may mean you are "allergic" to anise. Its not an uncommon allergy, and shortness of breath is a common symptom of it. Please click this link for confirmation (and look at the paragraph labeled Allergic Digestive and Respiratory Reaction): http://www.livestrong.com/article/393739    Do you also have these symptoms when you drink something like whiskey or gin? Chest pain with shortness of breath would raise concerns for cardiomyopathy, which is impairment of the muscle of the heart to pump enough blood to your lungs to get oxygen into the blood. There can be a different medical issue causing this symptom--this is just one common possibility. Alcohol, particularly heavy or chronic alcohol use or abuse, can contribute to cardiomyopathy or trigger its symptoms. Needless to say, its a risky condition. You can read more about the connection of alcohol to possible cardiomyopathy here (particularly in the paragraph labeled Heart Complications): http://www.livewellwinona.org/get-the-fa    Now if you only occasionally have a drink or two, but primarily feel these symptoms when you do this, it may or may not represent a heart condition that requires a doctors care. I would recommend having your heart checked by a doctor just to be sure. Its possible that youre just very sensitive to alcohol and its triggering a change in the size of your blood vessels and causing your symptoms--you may be one of those people who just shouldnt drink alcohol, and if you avoid it, or drink something less strong like just one glass of wine, youll avoid these symptoms and be fine. Its less likely but still possible, though, that you do have a serious heart condition--if thats the case, you want to find out whats going on by having your heart function checked by a doctor.
No, being an addict causes you to crave benzos.
Go without the alcohol for 28 days. If you cant handle going with out it for that length of time without giving in, then you might indeed have a problem with alcohol.
"Drugstore Cowboy", with Matt Dillon.
I dont find anything wrong with alcohol, some people just abuse it. But, I smoke weed pretty much everyday. Being high is so much fun. I just love drawing, listening to music, etc. It makes things better and I feel so positive. I drink every now and then, but I dont like being real drunk. And yes I think about it often. Its not like anyone has died from a Marijuana overdose. LOL.
Check out alanon meetings in your area. People attend who struggle not only with family members, but friends suffering from alcoholism. They will help guide you how to set limits for yourself, and you will meet a host of new people who completely understand what youre experiencing. And its likely you may find lifelong friends there, too. You cant save your friend, as much as he cant save himself, without his willingness to seek help and stay clean - one day at a time. No talking is going to help, until you learn through Alan on what true communication is with an addict/alcoholic.
quite a few things rise from alcohol abuse. liver and kidney problems/failiure, diabetes, premature aging of the skin, forms of brain damage such as dementia. heart problems. blood pressure problems. thyroid problems. erectile disfunction. incontenence. the list is quite wide.....makes me want to go and have a beer!
Only you can decide because its not comparative to others drinking habits. Alcoholism is an obsession to control and maintain a certain level or high from alcohol. It doesnt matter how long you drink or how often. Only that when you do drink you feel a euphoria like an addict would feel. You feel like its something you wouldnt want to live without. Thats alcoholism in a nut shell.
There are many reasons for why people drink alcohol. Some people like the taste. Peer pressure its most likely the reason kids try it for the first time. Or just to know what it feels like to be drunk. People get addicted because of the effects alcohol has on the human brain. It numbs it. It numbs memories, hurtful remarks. But it can also enhance happy feelings. The addiction is a disease that can be explained by a biochemist
Even though alcohol-free weddings are fine, and you certainly have a valid reason for wanting one, it always hits me wrong when someone says the reception "is about us and not them". Actually, its the opposite. The reception is to thank your guests for being part of your day, so its about THEM, not you. Im hardly saying serve alcohol, but rather dont go around stating it this way. Youre smart to aim for a wedding earlier in the day, but then when you mention a "cocktail hour", I guess I read that wrong. Have you considered a luncheon wedding or a brunch type one? Dont do this if you dont like the idea, but it might make it easier. On the board games, if youre sure everyone invited would love to see this, it might be ok, but overall weddings dont usually go overboard to compensate for not serving alcohol. I go to weddings to visit with people I havent seen in awhile, not play board games (and I love board games! Just not at weddings). Also, if there are any guests you think might be rude enough to bring alcohol into an alcohol free wedding, this is unbelievably crass. Your options are to not invite them, or else make it clear ahead of time that they will be escorted off the premises if this happens. Another way to handle it is pick a venue that doesnt allow alcohol. Lots of them dont, and then it becomes not only a social violation, but a legal one, as well. PS - @cammie, sorry to butt in! But Im a substance abuse counselor and what you say isnt always true. Ive known people 30 years sober who still avoid any situation where alcohol is present. The important thing is for the person to identify slippery places and people, and her fiance has done this. It needs to be respected, and thats why its so unconscionable that some guests might bring alcohol into the wedding. Personally, I would tell them our relationship/friendship is over if they do something like that.
They are addicted to the drug alcohol and consume it by drinking. This is not because of excessive thirst but because they need to get the drug into their system. Its kind of like when people drink coffee because they are tired. They probably arent drinking it because they are thirsty but because they want the caffeine to wake them up. That being said, alcohol use can cause excessive thirst because it ravages your kidneys and liver. But, the answer to your question is that they usually drink without being thirsty.
Jesus occasionally drank wine, recognizing it as a gift from God. (Ps. 10
Theres relatively little you can do for her. The decision to get off alcohol has to be hers. You can talk to her about it. Mention how it affects you. Tell her that if she opts to get help, youll be there to support her and see her through the process. After that - its solely up to her. Good luck.
I write a blog about gastric bypass and addiction and malnutrition. I know you said your blood levels are normal but typical serum blood tests tell you very little about your nutrient status. It only measures the amount of certain compounds in the blood on that day. Yes, it can measure iron and D. But is unable to measure magnesium, calcium, copper,niacin, thiamine, etc. The body makes sure the serum blood level maintains the required level, even if it has to leach from bone and tissue. Add to that the alcohol which inhibits absorption, I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t worry about over-doing the vitamins. Instead I would suggest you start the day with 40-mg protein, take a good soluble multi-vitamin and multi-mineral, liquid mag chloride, liquid B complex and B-12 injections. The RNY procedure quadruples the risk of developing alcoholism, substance abuse, mood disorders and suicide , but not restrictive (lap band). Perhaps the malabsorption is related to your issues.
A lot, i think Stalin became the man he was because he was bullied as a child and abused by his alcoholic father.
Officially, alcohol is not really an accepted part of military culture. In actuality, it is a HUGE part of military culture. Many servicemen end up having abuse issues with alcohol after the military due to its presence while they were in the service. Many bases have restrictions on the kind and amount of alcohol that a person of drinking-age is allowed to keep on base in the barracks. Sometimes it is one 6-pack, maybe more at other bases. But in reality, most people keep hard liquor and larger quantities of beer than allowed and in practically every base there is a lot of underage drinking, which is usually overlooked. Usually the officers dont care as long as it isnt flaunted in their face, it does not impact your job performance and you dont get in trouble doing it. Drinking while on the job is NOT encouraged or accepted. And sure, its dangerous to drink and operate machinery, I agree. And I also agree that alcohol can and probably to some degree would affect the performance of an officer during combat. But that said, history is full of alcoholics, drunks and inebriated people who performed greatly under great pressure. Winston Churchill basically ran Great Britains war effort for a decade and was known to have been snickered a time or two on brandy and whisky (some of his speeches had to be written for him because he was too drunk to do it). Ulysses S. Grant was a well-known alcoholic (a very bad one), and he not only led the Union Civil War Effort but also became the 18th president of the United States - all as an alcoholic. Many people have never heard this one, but Alexander the Great was one of the first famous people in history to openly admit alcoholism in the 4th century BC, and many believe it was one of the causes that led to his early death at 32. The point is, there is a difference between a drinker and a drunk. A drinker is often dysfunctional under the influence, but most drunks are functional while under the influence - in fact they are said to be dependent on alcohol to function normally. The second point is that, although it often does, alcohol doesnt ALWAYS prevent great people from doing great things. Edgar Allen Poe, Stephen King, Ernest Hemingway, Babe Ruth, Mickey Mantle, Dean Martin & Frank Sinatra, Truman Capote, Elton John, Orson Wells and Buzz Aldrin are just a few famous alcoholics. Buzz Aldrin admitted having a drinking problem up to 2 days before the Apollo 11 launch, which technically means an alcoholic was the second man to step on the moon. And in recent years the military has begun SOME efforts, although not many, to limit drinking in the military. They are beginning to get too much bad PR from the large quantity of retired servicemen who end up with alcohol and substance abuse issues, commit crimes, etc. The military is good at programming soldiers but not so good at deprogramming them, and that can lead to some issues down the road.
Alcohol occurs naturally, and even chimpanzees take advantage of that. In fact, without alcohol mankind would never have been able to form cities and complex societies because potable water was scarce. Alcohol was easy to make and safe to store and drink (in measured quantities). It has been with us since our beginning, and our livers themselves adapted to it, along with the livers of the animals we husbanded - horses, cattle, dogs, chickens and pigs. Most other animals cant metabolize it. And alcohol notwithstanding, intoxicants of some sort are and always have been a part of every single culture that has ever existed. I take your point on its dangers and you present an arguable point that cessation of consumption now would certainly have a positive effect on accidents and negative social interactions. But its a pipe dream. It would be like asking "What if the moon didnt exist - how would that have changed the planet?" It is a mental exercise and nothing more.
You are right. Drinking while you are pregnant, is a very stupid and ignorant thing to do and yes it can cause Birth Defects in your baby. You are playing with another innocent, defenseless little human life. No amount of alcohol, smoking cigarettes or drugs you consume while pregnant is safe for the baby. It can cause very severe Birth Defects in the baby. Everything you put into your body, goes directly to the baby. Your baby can end up with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, which causes many serious medical problems and can possibly kill your baby. If I was you, I would have your Dr. do an Ultrasound and check to see if he/she can see anything wrong with the baby. I cant tell you if your baby will be ok or not, but if the baby does have a birth defect due to your drinking while pregnant, you only have yourself to blame for it and the baby is going to be the one who suffers for the rest or his or her life for it. You should know better and you should be really ashamed of yourself. You can also be charged with Child Endangerment and go to Jail, because you knew you were pregnant and were not supposed to do drugs, drink or smoke cigarettes, knowing it would harm your child (endangerment) and you intentionally did it anyway. Here are links that will explain Fetal Alcohol Syndrome and what damage it does to an innocent and helpless baby. I really hope for your babys sake, that when you do deliver, by some miracle the baby I hope will be born healthy instead of addicted. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/fetal-a    http://www.cdc.gov/NCBDDD/fasd/alcohol-u    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3IHeZTEz   
Personally I think the reason we ban weed is that it decreases productivity and increases passivity. Neither are characteristics we want to see in our money mad population. Alcohol makes you aggressive, we like aggression
An isolated spot in Greenland will do just fine for the hermit you want to be. Drinking is a right that everyone has, as long as they are not comitting any crimes - anyone trying to deny that right to anyone is the real scum.
People who are severely addicted to alcohol will drink rubbing alcohol when there is nothing better around. Alcoholics have also been known to drink aftershave. That rubbing alcohol did you no harm. It wasnt a smart thing to do, but it certainly wont cause an illness that can kill you. What IS happening is that you arent feeling well, and youve blown that incident way out of proportion. Our minds are a powerful thing and if we think we are sick? Our minds can make us sick. I urge you to see a psychologist or psychiatrist before this situation gets any worse. A psychiatrist IS a medical doctor. They can help you to see things as they really are, and not what your mind imagines them to be. You are also suffering too much guilt over what amounts to a foolish teenage prank. What you are saying in your question tells me that you need psychiatric help to stop obsessing over a foolish but harmless prank in your past. That doesnt mean that you are crazy. Its just that more than one thing is happening with your thoughts and emotions. It is interfering with your everyday life, and that is a warning signal to get professional help.
Your body is now addicted to these things and you may need help from a doctor to slowly wean your self off them. I know people that drink a 5th of vodka every night,. The toll on the body is enormous . This is definitely something you want to do . After doing something for a long time the body will be resistant but your mind is stronger than your body. i think you will need help with this from a professional. Good Luck Peace
Most people drink alcohol without becoming addicted. They can even drink some every day without becoming addicted. Best estimates are that somewhere between 5 and 10% of adults are alcoholics in most populations, among those who drink at all. If you have one alcoholic parent, that goes up to about a 25% chance of being an alcoholic. There is evidence to show that there is indeed a genetic factor in alcoholism.
I wouldnt consider you an alcoholic. Honestly, I was like that in college. I drank a lot but by the time I turned 23 or 24 it got old. Waking up with a hangover and feeling like crap really began to get old. Now I can drink a few with friends hangout and have fun without going to far. I had quiet the tolerance for alcohol at one point in time but if youll take a few weeks break your tolerance will subside. Also, get a new group of friends. It is likely their pressure and drinking is making you feel like you must drink.
none
u could check call Substance Abuse Help Today..they specialize in locating a rehab/treatment center right for your needs... 866-716-4552
Alcohol is actually a depressant. It can seem a little bit like a stimulant, because inhibitions are often the first mental functions to be depressed. It does affect judgement. It is not usually a hallucinogen. People heavily addicted to alcohol may experience hallucinogens during withdrawal.
He will never change. Been there - done that - with my own dad. He will promise you the moon - but fail everytime. Take your child & get the hell out of Dodge while you still can. My Dad crawled down inside a liquor bottle - & decided he LIKED it there - & never came back out. Died a horrible death at age 60 - waaaaay before his time.
You need government statistics on suicides caused from drugs and alcohol abuse: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/66487    That will take up one or two slides. Then show the chemical effects it can have. http://pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/A    Then show some examples of famous people who committed suicide because of drug use. Example: Marilyn Monroe Micheal Jackson Kurt Cobain I think even Jim Carrey suffered from alcoholism and depression You can even see if there is a link between career types and drug abuse.
Youre not a hypocrite at all, youre simply realising that beverages which contain alcohol can be enjoyed for what they are and not what they can do. Drinking to get drunk is alcohol abuse, and your familys historic misuse of alcohol has caused your rational abhorrence of drunkeness. Youre very wise to be very careful though as there is a lot of evidence to suggest that the susceptibility of an individual to become an alcoholic can be genetically inherited. By all means, continue to enjoy the experience of tasting alcohol (many wine buffs just taste it and spit it out)<SEMCOL> it doesnt contradict your sensible and mature views on drinking alcohol to excess.
First off I want to congratulate you on whacking the demon drink on the head. Well done you. I dont drink much myself but only because I dont like the woozy feeling that comes with it. I am a heavy smoker though so have a good idea how hard it is to give up something your body is addicted to. Your Liver will recover as you have taken early action there should be no other problems and within a short while you will be A OK.
none
Since you are asking, you already have concerns about drinking to much. There is no set rules that state when a person that drinks is actually an alcoholic, other than, these simple rules. Do you feel guilty about drinking? Does it affect your life? Does it affect other peoples life when you drink? If you answer yes to any one of these questions, then you need to sit back and look at what is going on.
It takes your liver a hour to process one standard drink be it a bottle of beer a shot of grain spirits or a glass of wine. So if you had 8 beers and 5 shots of vodka it would take your liver 13 hours to process all of the alcohol you have consumed. Hope it helps
People who say cannabis has no side effects and isnt addictive are kidding themselves. However it is a lot less harmful than alcohol.
Grey Goose Tortuga Jameson Crystal Patron Coors
Why be fake like that, dont for ONE SECOND think people wont notice your drink is alcohol free! Once someone notices youre acting drunk, but drinking an alcohol free beverage youll have much bigger social concerns! Just be yourself, why pretend to be something your not? If you dont drink, cool, be the guy who drives his drunk friends home and prevents them from getting arrested...trust me its much better than being "that guy who pretended to be drunk"!
There is no way to hide the smell. My cousin had the same problem. You cant fake sobriety either. I suggest you quit both. Nothing good is going to come from either. Bad things that can happen: DUI, lung cancer, liver failure the list goes on.
Chlordiazepoxide has been the standard drug used for rapid alcohol detox for decades and has stood the test of time. The key word is RAPID the drug should really only be given for around a week. Starting at 100 mg on day one and reducing the dose every day to reach zero on day 8. In my experience it deals well with both the physical and mental symptoms of withdrawal. Looking ahead he will still need an alternative management for his anxiety to replace the alcohol. Therapy may help, possibly in a group setting.
29 alcohols
none
By "alcohol" I assume you mean ethanol Physical Liquid at normal temperatures Colourless boils at 78.4 deg C freezes at -114 deg C Chemical Burns readily to form CO2 and H20 Reacts with carboxylic acids (in presence of mineral acid catalyst) to form ethyl esters Can be dehydrated by conc Sulphuric acid to produce diethyl ether reacts with sodium metal to produce sodium ethoxide
There is no negative effects at all, not now and not ever. You will, if you are lucky, feel a tiny buzz. There is no other effects. Keep up the wise approach to alcohol in moderation you are a model drinker for people of all ages.
none
It depends on what type of skin you have. If you have sensitive skin then it might irritate it. Alcohol does nothing but dry the skin out. If it isnt irritated by now then you are fine.
I am very sure that is possible for the human body to stop absorbing alcohol. The trick is how. Currently there is no Information how this could be possible so we just go on convention that it is not. We can reach a point were we can continue the intake of alcohol and it appears to be never ending but in some way it is always ending. Have a few drinks and enjoy it.
none
I like Smirnoffs too and my favourite hard alcohol is tequila, mostly because the limes are yummy :)
To some extent it depends what you were drinking. Some kinds of fizzy lagers will make anyone sick.
Seven imperial pints is a big drinking session. It is not unheard of especially in a nation of drunks like england. So after the 7 you still have at least 6 hours and as many as 10 hours before the alcohol is outta your blood. ***Did I say drunks? Oops! I meant lushes. LoL, Joking.
You apparently never learned proper English either. It is "I never DRANK alcohol until yesterday..."
I would imagine it is a state rather than federal thing, but probably its broadly similar to the system employed by the UK: A store owner is prohibited to sell alcohol and cigarettes to minors, and is entitled to refuse service to anyone they believe to be under the age the law allows. The fines involved are pretty steep so its pretty important for stores to use systems like ID in order to verify a buyers age. Policies on this will differ between stores, but usually (at least here) if a customer is obviously ninety then they wouldnt need ID, but anything up to looking around 25 is cause for a double check in lots of stores.
No it&#x27<SEMCOL>s tea. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s so amazing. Try the black tea, it&#x27<SEMCOL>s the best!
Quantity, % alcohol
none
Getting drunk. killing 4 people and injuring 9. Or less with a good Attorney and money.
No, they are actually used for a lot of things besides making beer and wine. They are used for fermenting and pickling food. They are just a unit for whatever you want them to be. Air goes out and doesnt come in. Not a big deal and you shouldnt have to explain what you want them for and no one will probably ask anyways.
Simple!! go home after some time when you finish party. I usually go to a movie with my friends or to some of my friends house who are staying alone.
..normally it cant be the alcohol, it must be something else, like orange juice if you made yourself a screwdriver or any other longdrink, but you might try it with a bit less of vodka and maybe youre not used to this amount of alcohol, but this should be over the next day..
You really need to just buy alcohol at the store.
Lie to your friends. Say, "I dont remember that". Its time for you to stop lying to yourself. Your drinking is a problem. Its time to get help. Your doctor can help you. AA can help you.
All you need is a few sessions with a psychoanalyst and you will be fine. I binge drank, I alcoholic drank, and I have drank in moderation and I have never had an aversion to the smell of alcohol. I guess I am just a strong person.
none
none
1) very very few states allow recreational pot use. 2) nicotine doesnt impair your ability to perform your job 3) potheads are just flat out losers in life.
none
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucas%27_re    fast reaction to tertiary alcohols, slower to secondary and none to primary obsolete test really,
What confuses people is that there are a couple of popular TV shows today where they make moonshine. But they really dont. They are producing a moonshine recipe under the control of a licensed distilling company. Distilling alcohol is illegal and has been ever since Prohibition. You can make limited quantities of beer and wine, but you cant sell it without a license. One of the latest of these reality shows involves the Hatfields and McCoys making moonshine like their ancestors. But that guy in the suit and tie that shows up in every episode is the representative of the distillery. Its all being done legally. You can go into a lot of liquor stores and by products labeled as moonshine. But these are commercially produced under the law. Home distillation remains illegal today because it is very dangerous. There are extreme fire and explosion hazards and a number of serious health hazards from drinking incorrectly distilled liquor. There are a lot of people doing it today, but there have always been people doing it. That doesnt make it legal. Remeber that the guys that went around busting stills were called Revenuers. They were Internal Revenue agents. But because of the dangers I think it should remain illegal. You can get a licence to distill, so it has nothing to do with the idea of a monopoly against Democracy like the first poster said. Look how many breweries, wineries, and distilleries there are today. So does drinking a couple of shots make you a criminal? Only if you post it on the Internet and get caught.
An alcohol "class" or an alcohol treatment program? Even if they cant tell you what class to go to, they ought to tell you what programs are approved.
since you havent drunk (much) before i would take a big bottle of WKD, something that tastes nice and will give you a bit of a buzz! There will probably be drink there aswell if the WKD doesnt effect you! Have fun!
I&#x27<SEMCOL>m 16 myself and I guess some people just think alcohol is the &#x27<SEMCOL>thing&#x27<SEMCOL> to make parties fun but IMO it absolutely isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t. People our age tend to go with what the kids around them think is cool. Terminating your friendship with that friend seems a little harsh right away, but maybe it would be better to ask her about it and express your opinion about drinking. Something along the lines of &quot<SEMCOL>you drinking makes me feel uncomfortable...(etc)&quot<SEMCOL>. Good luck &amp<SEMCOL> hope I helped a little lol
Well first of all, Im not sure the percentage of alcohol stated on a label is by volume or weight. Alcohol weighs a lot less than water, so the percentage by volume is going to be a lot more than by weight. But since were talking cups here, well go by volume. So 5.5 cups of alcohol at 55% is 0.55 * 5.5 cups or 3.025 cups of alcohol. If you have 95% alcohol, you want 100/95 * 3.025 cups or 3.184 cups (just a tad more than 3 1/8 cups). But the recipe might be counting on the non-alcoholic liquid volume. So youd add 2.316 cups of water to make up the original 5.5 cup volume.
Wine, Vodka, Whiskey, Bourbon, Scotch, and LOADS of mixed drinks (my favorite mixed drink is a White Russian! Goes down smooth, tastes great and you can make them pretty strong!)
Alcohol combines the elements of both mental illness and physical disease. Alcoholism is classified as a substance abuse disorder in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-III). Mental and emotional symptoms of alcoholism exist long before the grave physical complications of the disease appear. The mental symptoms consist of loss of control (taking in larger amounts of alcohol over a longer period of time than the person intends)<SEMCOL> persistent desire to drink (one or more unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control drinking)<SEMCOL> continued drinking in spite of adverse social, occupational, or legal consequences<SEMCOL> and frequent intoxication or withdrawal symptoms when expected to fulfill major obligations at work, school, or home. These are all behavioral or mental symptoms, which, unless interrupted permanently by treatment, will inevitably lead to physical complications of alcoholism. Cirrhosis of the liver, chronic brain deterioration, and other grave organic consequences occur as a result of long-term heavy drinking, but the core of the disease is the cluster of behavioral symptoms that constitute the mental disorder called alcoholism. Consequently, the treatment of alcoholism targets the mind rather than any physical system. So alcoholism and all other substance abuse disorders are mental disorders, with a high physical complication rate. Best Wishes --
First you need to know the vapor pressure of pure ethyl alcohol at 25 degrees C. Then calculate the mole fraction of ethyl alcohol in the new solution, and multiply that by the original vapor pressure to get the new vapor pressure. Thus, moles H20 = 45 g/18g/mol = 2.5 moles H2O moles ethyl alcohol =100 g/ 46g/mol = 2.17 moles ethyl alcohol total moles = 2.5 + 2.17 = 4.67 moles mole fraction ethyl alcohol = 2.17/4.67 = 0.47 multiply 0.47 by the original vapor pressure to get the answer.
It depends on the film. Some films show alcohol as an addiction and life destroying substance in a gritty fashion. Films like teen movies show it has a convention that leads to a better social life, loss of virginity and overall "cool". Then you get films like James Bond where alcohol shows class and is also glamorised.
Answer Molar mass of ethyl alcohol is 46.07, water , 18 g / mol Moles of water is 45/18 = 2.5 , moles of ethanol is 100/46.07 = 2.17 Mole fraction of water is 2.5/(2.5+2.17) = 0.5353 , mole fraction of ethanol is 2.17/(2.5+2.17)= 0.4646 Vap pr of soln = mole fraction of water* vap pr of water + mole fraction of ethanol*vap prof ethanol = equals to [12.74+28.44] = 41.18 mm Hg
Ever hear "ignorance of the law is no excuse"? This is what they are talking about. Its your responsibility to be aware of the laws wherever you may be. Maybe the prosecutor will allow you to plead to a different offense. No guarantee, but it doesnt hurt to ask.
You know that your not just paying for a drink. Your paying for a place to sit, climate control, some lights, a clean bathroom, I hope its clean. You could hang on a corner and get totally smashed, for a fraction of the money. But in a pub a lady may let you buy her a drink and maybe sit with you and talk. Dont try that while drinking on a corner. Unless you know the lass. She may scream and run away.
Bahama Mama Ingredients    oz light rum    oz dark rum    oz coconut rum    oz 151 (overproof) rum    oz coffee liqueur (optional) 1 oz pineapple juice    oz lemon juice Dash grenadine without a doubt the Bahama mama contains more alcohol then a shot of vodka.
none
In my opinion, Mucinex is bad stuff for cough. Its just a suppressant and the mucous just accumulate inside your lungs. You need to remove those mucous if not, its going to continue to irritate you and make you cough more. Alcohol is going to make you worst. Like what alcohol does, its going to dry those mucus up and making it even harder to remove the mucous congestion.*
No. No alcohol, no peroxide. Sea salt soaks or a mild unscented moisturizer-free anti bacterial soap
Was it just 5mg of oxycodone or did it also have 325mg or 500mg of acetaminophen in conjunction with the pill? If it was just only oxycodone that you consumed then your fine to drink after 12-14 hours. If there was also acetaminophen (Tylenol) in the pill then it is best to wait 24 hours. Hope this helped! Take care :)
you can not possibly hope to encompass all of the alcohol in the world into one yahoo answers text box, people go to school to learn the proper way to create drinks, what drinks are good for which social setting and what not(see mixology) you should remember to safe when drinking, drinking responsibly is the first step to a good time, blacking out is no fun. youll want to find a drink you wont find sneaking up on you, avoid drinks that are overly fruity where you do not notice how much alcohol youve actually ingested find a drink you like, and stick to it, usually thats a good policy to follow, sampling other drinks until you find another you like.
Alabama does not allow direct shipments of liquor to individuals. Period. If you do not live near a neighboring state and dont want to travel, then you *could* have a friend or associate who does have access to that liquor attempt to ship it to you via Fedex or UPS. However, if the carrier has reason to suspect that there is contraband inside, they WILL open the package, confiscate the item, and you will be out both your money and your booze. Dont even THINK about using the USPS, either<SEMCOL> doing that could get you arrested.
When you go through Customs upon your return to the U.S. you will be asked if you have anything to declare. You must tell them about the alcohol, otherwise you risk a pretty harsh penalty. Unfortunately, since you are underage, the bottle will be confiscated, regardless of who its intended for.
This happened to me but I was drunk off my *** . I was only 16 at the time and i failed my breathlizer test and all i got was a ticket . Now since you didnt drink im pretty sure they just wanted to get your information so when the cops go back to their offices they can check your background and your records . Like as if you had a warrant or had a curfewd probation. Im pretty sure youll be fine and do not worry about it so much . Everything is okay, Its part of their job and cops will ask anyone for their info . Not just teens at a party getting drunk and stuff. Hoped i helped :)
Im not sure if you can be charged but remember charged is not convicted. If you didnt drink or even if you did but they didnt test you plead not guilty, hold your ground that you didnt drink anything, and make a big point that the police could have tested you but didnt.
depends on where u live, what u plan on doing and how many years away from it u are. normal jobs it will not matter when u over 18
none
none
none
They will have to pay tax on it, it would be better to send a cheque ??
Sorry young lady no alcohol for you till you turn 18....period!!!! You will thank those who advised you this when you turn 18....wait just a little more get high on innocence.
none
You had a half glass of wine or about 2.5 ounces as is the standard serving of wine.
not all wine is the same<SEMCOL> the alcohol content varies but is generally between 8-14% ABV (Alcohol by Volume). Jaegermeister is 35% alcohol ABV (70 proof). So the alcohol content in a shot of Jaeger is ~= 2.4 - 3.2 shots of wine.
The Magic Eraser is one of my best friends lol That stuff works on everything!
none
Alcohols are frequently used in the combustion process of automobile engines in countries such as Brazil. They are easily synthesized from sugars, and therefore are convenient to obtain in Brazil. Since alcohol is quite flammable, it can be used in a heat engine. While biobutanol is the most favorable and effective alcohol to use as an energy source, ethanol is the most commonly used variety due to its ease of synthesis (it is also the variety in your drinks). Im not sure what you are asking entirely, as it is a very general question, but I hope I have given enough information to set your mind at ease.
Speaking as a Pharmacist, not rehabilitation counselor: Valium is not an opioid or even related to that glass of drugs. Valium is not a narcotic either, nor is meth or LSD. In pharmacology a narcotic is defined as a opioid based compound either organic, synthetic, or semi-synthetic. Valium (Diazepam) is a benzodiazepine same drug class as Xanax, Ativan, Temazepam. It is a controlled substance Class IV, by definition from the FDA has low potential for abuse. Speaking as a Pharmacist, benzos are one of the most abused controlled drugs. Primarily because they potentiate narcotics. They work in the exact same manner as alcohol, impacting the transmitter GABA. I will note that benzos, especially Valium is prescribed for recovery alcoholics often. There are only two drugs in the world that can generally kill from withdraws. Thats Alcohol and Benzos. Alcoholics are given Valium so they do not fall into seizures, in addition benzos are used to pull people out of a seizure. While Valium is not as potent as Xanax its half life (how long it stays in your system) is 100 hours compared to Xanax which is around 12.
It really depends on the beer. Some beers have a very high alcohol content and these beers can actually be aged for very long periods of time. One great example of a beer that can be aged is Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout. This beer is 10% ABV and can last for many years and would only get better and better as it ages. The amount of alcohol in the beer allows for aging. Heres a picture of BBCS... http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_A_opcg_BeKs/TL    Also, beers that are bottle-fermented can last for many years as well. One good example of a bottle fermented beer would be Unibroue Trois Pistoles. Bottle fermented means the beer is actually still going through the fermentation process inside the bottle. You dont have to panic or anything, it is perfectly safe to drink a beer that is still fermenting. But again... the longer it ages, the better it gets. The Unibroue website recommends aging most of the beers they make for about 3 years. http://thefullpint.com/wp-content/upload    the low ABV beers dont last very long. In fact, I would give them a shelf life of about 3 or 4 months. *****EDIT**** however, once you open a beer, you need to go ahead and drink it. ***EDIT AGAIN**** Bryan, obviously youve never tried a high quality beer. you should try some high quality micro-brews. since you like liquor, you should try a barrel aged beer like Bourbon Barrel Quad by boulevard brewing company. This is a beer thats been aged in bourbon barrels. So delicious.... so much better than liquor.
He needs to stop drinking. If he doesnt stop drinking you cant help him. You did the right thing. And you cannot save him. He has to hit rock bottom and realize that he needs to save himself.
Going cold turkey could kill someone who is heavily addicted to alcohol. She is definitely going to need to take steps in order to reach sobriety. Symptoms of withdrawal could be a wide variety of things including shaking, cold sweats, and other flu like symptoms. When dealing with someone in detox they can also have a very short temper so be patient! Best of luck!
This may be due to anxiety, however you should not worry about this! If your symptoms does not improve within a couple of days, then you should see your physician! =^.^=
I&#x27<SEMCOL>d get a pint or half pint of liquor and hide it in my coat pocket, then take it into the bath room and hide it in there, then sneak and drink it when you can. Make sure to bring mints!!!
none
Either online or at your local liquor store.... Google.
Make sure you don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink on an empty stomach because that plays a huge role on whether or not you drink yourself sick. And stop drinking once you feel like you are on a comfartable &quot<SEMCOL>level&quot<SEMCOL> or else you will end up sick and&#x2F<SEMCOL>or throwing it all up. Cheers!
Hes your ex. Leave him alone.
well they are all good for the author who is making all that money off of you. if you want to quit alcohol I would recommend finding a different habit to replace it. thats the best way to beat the psychological aspect of an addiction
Almost all liquors are 40%. Most Martinis are made with Gin or Vodka and a small amount of vermouth. (Vermouth comes from many brands such as Martini brand - which is where Gerardo gets his 16% from) If youre drinking a Gin or Vodka Martini thats ordered from a bar in North America its going to be 40% alcohol.
none
Since the tendency to develop alcoholism can be inherited, perhaps tolerance can be as well, though Im going off nothing here, so you shouldnt take this seriously one way or the other. However, what you should take seriously is that if both your parents are alcoholics, you shouldnt start drinking.
I do not believe that disowning someone is the best treatment for alcoholism. An alcoholic , left in solitude, has no one to keep them in check or remind them of the problem. Also, I believe an alcoholic may be more likely to succumb to alcohol poisoning and suicide when left to fester in their own misery alone. An alcoholic needs support, not isolation.
talk to your teaches and ask them to schedule a parent teacher conferance. tell your guardian that your behavior isnt gonna change the fact that you might have add. that issue is totally separate from the issue of add.
The 18th Amendment didnt prohibit the consumption of alcohol, but it DID prohibit the manufacture, sale, and transportation of alcoholic beverages in the United States, which also included importation as well (but someone correct me if Im wrong there). Enforcing it was another matter entirely and when it was shown that the 18th was unenforceable, the 21st was ratified in 1933 repealing it. Thanx.
pris - the only alcohol that would NOT spike your blood glucose level is the ethyl alcohol that remains in the bottle or can and is not consumed. Other alcohols, like those in wood alcohol, isopropyl alcohol. and antifreeze usually lead to an autopsy.
i cant say that she is a full blown alcoholic. but she clearly has a problem with it. although the show passes her problem off as humorous her demeanor showcases typical symptoms of a potential addict/alcoholic. drinking isnt a horrible thing, its the discipline in an individual that can make it self-destructive. to answer if pennys an alcoholic, i would say she probably isnt but she has potential.
No. Bitters are not alcohol.
Of course they would find you out. The driver would smell it immediately it was used. They are well used to people trying this on.
Eat something absorptive like bread. Drink some orange juice. A hangover can be quite terrible, especially the early ones at your age. So never drink more than one or two drinks ever. Then you will be alright. Or abstain entirely.
It just slows the absorption and metabolism of alcohol. We get intoxicated when the alcohol absorption out paces the livers ability to metabolize it and the alcohol begins to find its way into other organs such as the brain. When we eat it slows this process down so the alcohol stays in your gut longer and gives your liver more time to do its job. You still have to filter everything you take in it just doesnt happen as fast so some of the effects are lessened.
I usually take a shot of whisky with my nyquil. Just dont leave the house.
You have a private test done on your own
There is also acid in sodas and worse. Avoid most all sodas for health, especially dark ones in aluminum cans. Just do the research. You are on the right track for being concerned about balancing alkaline and acidic foods/drinks. About 80% of what we consume should be alkaline. Most alkaline foods: leafy greens (spinach, kale, collard greens, Swiss chard, mustard, turnip greens, beet greens), lemons, cucumber, celery, spinach, avocado, hot & bell peppers, broccoli, unsalted olives, flax & hemp seeds, fatty fish (sea bass, tuna, trout, salmon, mackerel) Most acidic foods: beef, chicken, pork, dairy, eggs, vinegar, soy sauce, mushrooms, corn, peanuts, chocolate, tea, sodas (carbonated water)<SEMCOL> mushrooms & algae--found in rotting-toxic places, their purpose is to break down dead bodies, cancerous lungs are filled with them<SEMCOL> dairy contains lactose-acid. Acidic body is not eliminating properly, symptoms: allergies, hair loss, toenail fungus, rough skin on feet, eczema, psoriasis, acne, rashes, coughs, constipation, bloating, over weight, red eyes, tense-hard muscles, pain, having to urinate during the night, strong body odor, gout diabetes, cancer, acid reflux, indigestion, high or low blood sugars, low energy. Arthritis is a symptom of acid in the bones and joints. Health basics: drink the right amount of water--use an online calculator, usually take a multi-vitamin, combine your food properly, eat 80% alkaline foods, exercise properly, avoid poisons (research fructose & aspartame, pesticides, gmos), look at getting the B12, electrolytes and organic sulfur you need, research the best and worst foods. Increase health and cut costs by eliminating junk, all store drinks, grains cooked with legumes are high in all essential amino acids, and soups for breakfast, and invest in organic veggies as much as possible. Electrolytes is one of the main keys, having the right balanced amounts. http://nutrition.about.com/library/blwat    http://www.naturalcuresnotmedicine.com/2    http://www.alderbrooke.com/chart.php http://www.eatingrules.com/2012/02/cooki    When you want more plant-based foods, here are some recipes. Rip Esselstyn @ TED, former firefighter and 12yr professional tri-athlete, food that satisfies Texas-beef guys, dropping weight and their cholesterol by 60pts. http://engine2diet.com/recipes/favorites    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAkEYcmCC    Books: Fit for Life, Engine 2 Diet, The Natural Way to Heal, Wheat Belly http://www.naturalcuresnotmedicine.com/2    If you want the next level of understanding how your body works and how best to feed it, research electrolytes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrolyte http://www.modernmedicine.com/node/44461
This is obviously a homework question - nothing to do with beer, wine and spirits. Try asking it in the homwork answers area.
Im just curious...what does Coke have to do with it? But, I cant really answer your question because its sounds like you have everything.
Any SSRI (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor) would help with depression.
you had your stomach pumped... your stomach and chest hurts because your esophagus has been overextended by the tubing they use. the damage wont be permanent but it might take a week or two to heal. Clearly your not mature enough to be drinking...
Lol at .5+ BAC. That means 50 percent of your blood content is alcohol . 50&#x2F<SEMCOL>50. That&#x27<SEMCOL>s DED dead. As in you&#x27<SEMCOL>re so dead, you can&#x27<SEMCOL>t even spell dead because your braincells are dead. Gonzo. Anyways, permanent side effects can include but not limited to stomach ulcers, liver damage, most certainly severe kidney damage which explains your hurting back. Cancer in your esophagase and tens of millions of dead braincells who succumed to a drunken night of... well drinking. 2 80 proof bottles in less than 5 minutes? I call bs.
No. Any alcohol in checked baggage that is selected for inspection will be screened for explosives. That is all. The TSA is not in the business of age-related enforcement.
They all do, alcohol contains 7 calories per gram, it doesnt matter what type.
Last Night, A Few Rum and Cokes :)
Mainly, because of the ignorance, myths and blatant propaganda against it perpetuated by the media. If you listen to some people, apparently everyone who smokes pot will end up either developing schizophrenia and murdering someone (the link between smoking marijuana and schizophrenia is not fully understood, but they pretend theres a large link between the two) - or a layabout, unemployable lazy pot head, when in fact most people who smoke it are functional in society, and work, and only smoke it in moderation. No different to most people who drink, but the hypocrisy on this issue is sickening. Attitudes are changing and it will be legalised everywhere sooner or later, but I think things will get worse before they get better as governments are adamant that theyre right and theres also the worrying issue of mandatory **** tests for employees, which isnt legal in the UK, but theres certain forces pressing for that to become law, so people who enjoy cannabis in their spare time (which doesnt affect ability to work) will get the sack, though funnily enough the people who got off their heads on the booze wouldnt. To be fair though, smoking is becoming quite taboo. They rarely feature soap stars, etc. smoking now and smokers are demonised a fair bit for their habit - not allowed to smoke in certain public places such as the workplace, for example. But they dont face as much hassle or BS as marijuana smokers. Not by a long shot.
If youre seeing those for packed shadows, generally its used as a pressing liquid, then left to evaporate so the product stays a pressed powder with virtually no alcohol left behind. You could use water for this purpose though its slower and would likely need to be heated to become completely dry, or you could use high proof ethanol instead of isopropyl alcohol. There are also binding/pressing agents you can buy that may contain any number of ingredients and may or may not have alcohol. In a product meant to remain liquid, alcohol of any type is drying to the skin. A less harsh alternative would be witch hazel, which is usually in a base of well diluted isopropyl alcohol and water, witch hazel is also astringent on its own and thus will be less drying than household strength ISO. Generally anything thats called a toner is alcohol based.
Its a lot less expensive where taxes arent as high for it. In Australia you would pay $35-50 for a case of beer but like half in America.
i am not an alchoholic, or anything. just think i know stuff. i think alcoholics start becuz they need to reduce stress in life, social settings, work, etc. after a while the drinking is a problem on its own. and then it just replacing one problem for a new problem. in any case if you or someone you know is having a drinking problem. take them to aa meet, or invite the aa ppl to come and talk to that person.
No. In actuality its kinda rude for them to exchange alcohol when there are two pregnant women in the family and attending. I mean really,they couldnt choose anything else at all? It had to be the one thing they cant have aside from cigarettes and hard illegal drugs? Id be scratching my head in confusion if I were them.. Just bring Sparkling Juice of some kind. Im sure the non-drinkers or those who currently cannot drink will appreciate being considered.
If it is on your gum, not your face, then it indicates an abcess (infection) and you need to see a dentist asap. It wont get better on its own. And it will continue to hurt. If it is on your gums do not put anything on it.
We tried that and it failed miserably. Why waste another twenty years on religious social engineering that violates the rights of other Americans?
They already tried that in the 1920s. It didnt work out too well.
1. It shouldnt be any of the governments business 2. It is easy to get around (have someone else buy you alcohol) 3. Why take away peoples freedom? 4. It will be costly to run a system, including employees to track these things (more tax dollars gone to waste) 5. It will provide very little benefit if any at all to society 6. Bars and clubs are already obliged to not serve alcohol to people who are too intoxicated 7. How would you supply a party? Youd have to make everyone bring their own.
Someone else suggested earlier a cheese plate or something like that. I think that was a rather good idea. Something that can be paired with wine (but most anything else) for those who cannot or do not want to drink. -Cheesecake,this would pair well with a dessert wine like Moscato. -Cheese Plate and Crackers or some fruit. My mother in law likes to eat Cheese with Grapes -Wine Glasses -Coasters in a wine theme. Ive seen some at it was either Walmart or Target with grapes on them. They were pretty cute. -Wine Rack -A Cork Screw -A book about wine. Like history of Italian wines or perhaps a book on all things Italian food that includes history on wine something like that.
DONT DRINK if youre Asian!!!
I think thats left over junk science. Where a preset conclusion looks for supporting evidence. Like the old idea white men cant jump nor dance. Asians cant see well and Germans are the master race. Old racist supported junk. My half cherokee wife can handle her whiskey pretty darn well! Why would you want Prohibition back? Geesh, we lost that war already once.
Bourbon is bourbon and port wine is port wine. You can never compare the alcohol levels by using laws of percentage. Mathematically, you need to consume 80 ml of wine to get the effect.
If you have to ask, then the answer is probably yes.
none
The proper ID is whatever ID the store feels like accepting. Theres no law that says they have to accept any ID as valid. They could make you buy their own ID card and force you to use that if you want to buy THEIR liquor. So, ask the store what ID to use, not us.
i thank god for guide me to islam ites big haram from & hell and paradise for god only
Ramblings of a lunatic must have been a full moon .
you are a lucky one, think of all the money you are saving, the drink culture is such that if someone marketed piss, people would say it has a great taste
Oh my, Someone has been making stuff up. A lie for Allah!
Physically, no. Mentally, yes. To be more specific<SEMCOL> if you are an alcoholic who loves beer specifically, and you stopped drinking beer only but kept drinking other types of alcohol, you would not suffer any physical withdrawal symptoms like you would if you stopped drinking alcohol entirely. However you could crave it like you would chocolate or coca-cola.
Check handgunlaws.us. Im not sure what the official number is, otherwise.
Youre most likely going to be fine. The warnings against taking alcohol with certain medications are mostly there to prevent the manufacturer getting sued in the tiny number of cases where mixing the two might cause harm. Both substances put strain on your liver, and in a small percentage of people the combination might cause liver failure. But if you dont have a pre-existing liver condition then youll most likely be OK.
none
There is no way you can stop him drinking. You can only get support for yourself. Try this link for Al-Anon/Al-Ateen. I hope this helps. http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/
I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink it on a regular basis but it makes me feel...you know that sound of a massage chair or a vibrator? Yeah...I feel zzzzzz.
Anxiety is a state of fear of real or imagined danger, which is manifested as increased heart rate, trembling, panic, weakness, extreme fatigue and stomach or intestinal discomfort. Anxiety, depression, nervousness, worry or stress can cause over 100 symptoms or health problems as as in http://au.search.yahoo.com/search<SEMCOL>_ylt=A    Prescription medication for anxiety, stress, nervousness, depression and worry can give you bad side effects so natural remedies are often much better. Natural remedies for anxiety, stress, nervousness, worry and depression include exercise, Yoga, Melatonin, 5-HTP, Valerian Root, other herbs, vitamin B complex and other remedies as in http://au.search.yahoo.com/search?p=%22n   
You have nothing to worry about. Alcohol evaporates quickly and with the rinsing and washing you did there wont be any possibility of an ignitable amount left.
you need to be on face book talking to the GA outlaws gang i thought it was more about the presure your cooking at
No, that is NOT a one in 4 chance of being pregnant! Goodness no, couples who are actually TRYING to conceive would kill for odds that high. The 75% effective means a 1 in 4 chance IF you would have gotten pregnant if you had not taken the pill. The odds of getting pregnant when not using any protection at all are about 20% (1 in 5) IF sex is timed well to ovulation. These are the numbers for the actual chance of being pregnant after taking the morning after pill: If you took the MAP within 24 hour: less than 1% If you took it 24-48 hours after sex: about 2% If you took it 48-72 hours after sex: about 4% If you took it more than 72 hours after sex: all bets are off. May have some effect and may not make any difference at all. Assuming you are pregnant (and thats highly unlikely) its too early for activity to harm the baby (it would be a few cells floating around in your fallopian tubes, too small to harm, and after that would be tucked behind your pelvic bone and impossible to harm by impact). Also there would not be a blood connection between you and the baby yet. Dont go binge drinking, but alcohol in moderation is okay.
No. And I havent now that Ive passed it either. Not my thing.
none
http://www.dominylaw.com/underage-drinki    Information on the possible penalties here.
I am drinking Koskenkorva Viina... this is a very traditional Finnish alcohol, very similar to vodka. I mixed it with a redbull style drink. Sadly it is nearly finished. I am happily buzzed and enjoying music. Cheers from Switzerland.!
none
Nothing. They just mix together.
If it freezes at -117C, that is -82.8F in case that was your question.0
It will be a problem. For one thing, they wont sell you alcohol if you are below 18. And if you try producing fake IDs, there may be severe penalty as well.
there is always a choice mate, you dont HAVE to drink if you are ill
Get it from some computer servicing shop.
none
none
Mixing coffee and alcohol is a combination of stimulants and sedatives. I personally prefer it as an energy drink (high caffeine) mixed with vodka. Coffee itself tastes like dirt and the best coffee in the world was pooed out by a cat - each to their own taste... Caffeine and spirits have a natural affinity for each other. However its a real killer as well, specially if drinking a lot. Mixed together, particularly in high volumes, the combination of caffeine and alcohol can be deadly. The combination appears to impair a drinkers judgment more than drinking alcohol alone. Caffeine makes you first think your not as drunk as you really are, theres a higher incidence of risk-taking behaviours and your brain crashes over time. That has led to what some researchers call "toxic jock syndrome." As a stimulant, caffeine jazzes up your whole body, increasing blood pressure, heart rate and in some cases, causing heart palpitations and an irregular heartbeat. Caffeine also leads to headaches, jitteriness, agitation, stomach problems and abnormal breathing. Its the equivalent of an adrenaline rush. This also speeds up the alcohol processing via the blood stream to the brain and heart. Alcohol, on the other hand, is a depressant that slows down the brains functioning and impairs ones ability to walk, talk and think clearly. Mixed together, the stimulant and the depressant do not cancel each other out. Caffeine appears to override the natural sleepiness that occurs when someone drinks alcohol. It also delays the feeling of drunkenness, so those who drink an alcoholic energy drink are likely to keep drinking beyond their normal limits. Then they get hit by it at a later date. So basically your affecting the brain, heart, liver, and blood pressure all in one go - theres no underlying condition with that! Happy drinking :)
Sounds like its time for rehab with Dr. Drew.......
I can, when i get married.
I would advise not going over 2/3 cans/bottles of beer/cider or whatever youre drinking for your first time, if youre still feeling really sober you could chance a fourth one but wait and see how youre feeling. Youre tall, which is good, so youre probably able to handle your drink better, but sometimes the skinnier the person, the quicker the drink hits you. But Im skinny and Im 58 and I dont have less than 350 ml vodka on a night out, so you just have to see what suits you when you get more accustomed to drinking. You could also have about 100-150ml vodka, that will definitely get you drunk for your first time but I dont think vodka is the best place to start. Make sure you eat well on the day and that you take it slow when you start drinking and you wont have much trouble.
No! Gas is highley combustive, meaning it will explode. Alcohol will light on fire very easily, but gasoline will blow up. Please do not send yourself to the ER like a piece of toast
Its the issue of legality. If it were ever made legal peoples attitudes would eventually change.
The mini bottles are 1.7oz, and a standard shot is 1.5oz. Typical hard liquors are 80 proof (40% alcohol).
Depends on where in Canada. No the legal age isnt 19 for all of Canada. Its governed provincially. The legal age is either 18 or 19, depending on which province you are in. If you cannot prove you are legal drinking age, you wont get served. At 17, no restaurant wants to risk their license.
none
Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink it and wait till you are 21. It honestly is the best for you and your health that is why it isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t just the law but also your pediatrician will even say to wait that long. Save it for the day when ou turn 21 to try it. The worst thing you can do is to hide it from your parents plus they will be able to smell it. Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t act like your parents are dumb. It is also harmful to your brains development and also can and has a higher chance or causing you to later on in life to be a alcoholic because of the early exposure to it. Alcohol really isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t good for you anyways but drinking it earlier than you should is even worse! So just take my advice and wait!
Random, if you mean drinking alcohol or alcoholic drinks, then it could go through different stages to cause death. Even a healthy young man who suddenly drinks a bottle of hard liquor such as bourbon or scotch or whiskey could get a high enough blood alcohol level to depress his brains breathing center that he would die in an hour or two. If he lives, but the alcohol causes his irritated stomach to vomit and he aspirates food in his stomach up and back down into his lungs, he could then develop aspiration pneumonia and die within 2 or 3 days of a chemical aspiration pneumonia. Some men, after a long weekend of heavy drinking can develop severe fatty liver changes and be found dead within a couple of days. After years of drinking, liver damage can lead to liver tissue scarring and a condition called cirrhosis which could lead to enlarged, thinned veins of the esophagus (varices) which can suddenly bust open and cause a gushing blood shock and sudden death. Fatty changes are reversible<SEMCOL> cirrhosis is not and often leads to death, and sometimes, liver cancer.
In my opinion, YES, a very devoted Muslim is allowed to work in a licensed alcohol restaurant. He/she works there because its a job. Not allowing a Muslim to work is discrimination especially in America because of freedom of speech, religion etc. If that person adhere to his/her strong faith/will power to abstain from consuming alcohol in a place where alcohol is easily available, he/she has overcome the sin of temptation and he/she is a great Muslim *
You can get a Mr. Beer kit. Or put some brewers yeast in a gallon jug of Apple juice then put an airlock in the lid.
It was rotten. Was it from the school? Schools always serve crappy grapes.
No, you cannot drink, ever. It is contraindicated for people with seizures, plus it is very dangerous when combined with medication. Although you consider your seizures mild, they are not. And they can generalize into tonic clonic (what used to be called grand Mal) seizures.
We dont really have traditional Irish desserts, only those that Americans think are Irish so they make them like Guinness pie and baileys cheescake etc because they have alcohol in them or else dye something green. Its quite weird. Im Irish and were having chocolate mousse, profiteroles and pavlova!
Leave out any baking soda or baking powder. Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t use any eggs use ground flax seed and water or another egg substitute. You may be able to skip the eggs all together. I would toast any flour so that it&#x27<SEMCOL>s not raw. I think that would make it taste more like cookies so when you eat it you&#x27<SEMCOL>re not thinking &quot<SEMCOL>this would have been good cookies&quot<SEMCOL> you will just think it&#x27<SEMCOL>s good as is. Add flavored vodka or whatever liquor should taste good with whatever kind of cookie you want to make. I would do molasses cookie dough with rum and something cinnamon maybe hot Damn if they still make it. Have fun.
That is pretty low, but it depends on your size and genetics. If your smaller your gonna be able to drink less than a bigger person. Then some people naturally are born with an ability to drink more than some people, so I guess you were born with a very low tolerance. As you drink more you will be able to handle your alcohol better. Maybe consider staying away from liquor and drinking beer or wine instead.
Any kind they can get their foolish little hands on.
none
   Many people have asked me why a soul would choose alcoholism or drug addiction as a life lesson. Some may have to go through it BECAUSE THEY WERE JUDGEMENTAL of alcoholics in a past life and need to come back and experience it themselves. I have seen several souls who have destroyed their bodies in past lives because of substance abuse. They then have to keep reincarnating until they stop the self destructive cycle and break the addiction. I have seen other souls who simply want to have the experience of drug or alcohol dependency.    Echoes of the Soul     Echo Bodine
Well, the bbq sauces sold by Jack Daniels, on their own website says: "JACK DANIELS   EZ MARIDER, BARBECUE SAUCES AND STEAK SAUCES DO NOT CONTAIN ALCOHOL" (At the very bottom of the page)
none
Some people are sensitive to alcohol and become addicted to it. Yes, it can be hereditary and some times it only takes one drink to start that addiction cycle if you have inherited that trait. Your mom sounds like she may have good reason to be so cautious. As far as being Native American I am not really sure how much of it is heredity and how much of it is cultural. You are wise to notice how it could be a problem for you.
Wine and beer can stay unrefrigerated. In other parts of the world these common beverages are served without ever being refrigerated. Some beers taste better frosty cold, though. I think the main thing is that you enjoy it. Be careful about accidentally leaving any alcohol in the freezer if you are trying to get it cold in a hurry. Alcohol expands more than the other part of the booze. Ive had a few bottles of wine explode and make some really yummy popsicles.
Colder
Color the stain in with a clothing paint pen, fabric or hobby stores sell them in many colors.
If one of you is of legal drinking age, let them buy the bottle. The servers cant do anything at all about an underage person drinking at a table if the guest is pouring<SEMCOL> the servers cant pour out of a drink for an underage guest. Just use some common sense and dont get too pickled, itll ruin the evening. "Everything in moderation...even moderation".
Hello Dorian, Yes! Orange peels are porous and so rubbing any form of liquid on them will eventually penetrate the orange skin and into the fruit. Poseidon ADDENDUM Thank you for the additional information. If your mandarin oranges have become contaminated with rubbing alcohol my advice must be to throw them away and not attempt to eat them. Rubbing alcohol contains Isopropyl alcohol which is a very dangerous and toxic substance and should not be rubbed onto the skin, inhaled or ingested. For more information about this please visit: http://www.ehow.com/list_7398752_hazards   
Haha.. I dont know but in the movie gods must be crazy 2... Hero made it.. So hopefully it is possible.Whats your source?0
No idea what an sgpt is.
none
Yes it will. You have two choices: 1. Lie and get caught lying 2. Tell your psychiatrist what happened so that you can have a real conversation about how to get better.
Dude, this has been answered. http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?    If Jack Daniels states that there is no alcohol in their sauces, why would you question that? They could be sued for millions if it wasnt true. Cant be sure about your local Chinese restaurants bourbon chicken.
Yes, its much more volatile. If you left a saucer of alcohol and a saocer of water out the alcohol would have evaporated LONG before the water.
"Indiana Prohibited, with felony penalties only for retailers and breweries, which do not hold a federal basic permit as wineries do. In-state shipping allowed." http://www.winespectator.com/webfeature/    I would suggest, as an individual, that you dont mention that your package contains alcohol. And dont use USPS, that is illegal. Just package it well, and ship via UPS or FedEx.
Habitual - even a small drink every other day - drinking is very likely to cause liver problem on Isoniazid. Once a month is .... less hazardous, but not safe. Keep in mind that your body is no longer accustomed to alcohol. The dose you need to get relaxed is probably lower than it used to be. If you need to do this, ask a friend to provide a second opinion on your physiological state while drinking. "Contact your doctor immediately if you experience numbness or tingling in the hands or feet, weakness, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea and vomiting, yellowing of the skin or eyes, or darkening of the urine"
doesnt use alcohol, its Methanol, so yea buy the stuff
none
Drink some water. IT will help. I wish you well.
? v = ? * v   * ?t ? v = 1.12 10^-4 * 500 * 25 = 1.4 ml Goodbye
never happeend to me. Just hope you dont wake up in the hospital because you get hit by a car while youre sleepwalking. I dont even understand how its possible to sleep walk.
Worth mentioning that amoxicillin, indeed no antibiotics, have any effect on asthma. Unfortunately many doctors still cant get their head around the fact that the respiratory symptoms of asthma are not signs of a bacterial chest infection. Fortunately a small amount of alcohol will not affect either drug.
It can sell well when people are sick and depressed.
If you are not much younger then 21, you can try to act as if you are 21 or get your brother, sister, father, or older friend to buy you...
Yes it does. Whisky usually has 40 percent alcohol while wine usually has between 8-20 percent. DRINK RESPONSIBLE<SEMCOL>)
none
Yes, although you have a 87% - 13% = 74% chance of incapacitation.
Alcohol has a chemical formula of C2-H5-O-H, so the body converts it into C-O2 and H2-O when it metabolizes it, which takes less than a day, even if you get rip roaring drunk. You cant detect alcohol once it metabolizes. The only thing that MIGHT be detected later is some other chemical in a particular alcoholic drink that the body only processes through elimination.
Jagermeister. or a White Russian (vodka, Kahlua, cream).
compute ml of alcohol / $ spent = volume *alcohol fraction / $ spend vodka: 700*0.4/30 = 9.33ml /$ wine: 2*750*0.13/12 = 16.25 ml/$ so here wine is better (more bang for your buck !)
I read both your posts on. Alcohol. Well done you for choosing to stop... And lucky you for being able to. Some people with drink problems are alcoholics and its a much bigger struggle to stop. But some of the same issues with staying stopped... Dodging all those people who think life without drinking must be horrible. Its probably easier if you can say "Im an alcoholic" and thats why I dont drink. Its the only socially accepted reason for avoiding alcohol. Much respect to you for wanting a life, and choosing it.
U just keep drinking and dont stop thats wut I do and most alcoholics do.Its like r medicine.Trust me we get hangovers but a drink takes care of that.Alcohol also helps us to function better because we are so use to having alcohol in r system,Us being sober we dont wanta do nothing except go get alcohol.But control ur drinking dont drink everyday or ul wind up an alcoholic and wont be able to stop.I lost everything and in bad health from drinking and still cant quit.Problems just start building from drinking then the problems led me to drink then more problems then I thought I had it under control,but I didnt so I was just like,well its to late now no reason to quit drinking now nothing else can happen.Then I relize ive been saying that for 20 years then I get mad and get a drink
No dont drink! alcohol and meds never mix well! and they both slow down the heart I wouldnt risk it. Also 80mg is a decent dose, I only have 10mg of my meds and I had alcohol once with and I had weird side effects not doing it again lol.
Booze is fought off by the body by burning oxygen up - thus it makes us tired - its the opposite of a stimulant. These links will explain what booze really does to us - but do we care? https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?tab=ww&ei    LONDON UK 201213.1928GMT
none
Well make sure you drink a whole lot of water, because when you consume alcohol it dries the water from your brain. Also females get drunk faster than males due to less water in the brain. Be safe
none
Either the skin test or the blood test may be used to diagnose latent TB. One is not considered preferable or better than the other, except in certain situations. The skin test is much cheaper and in the right hands (i.e. performed and read by people who are properly trained), is technically easier to perform and quite reliable. The blood test is expensive and technically difficult, but has the advantage of being done with one patient visit, instead of two to four visits, and is not affected by TB vaccination with BCG. Im guessing this applies to you since you had a skin test followed by a blood test. Drinking any alcohol while taking this medication is not recommended. By following precautions, the chance of damaging your liver is very small, but you do not want to add anything that could increase the risk. Symptoms to watch out for are fatigue, feeling ill like you have the flu, pain in the abdomen, yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes, and dark-colored urine. Any of these symptoms should be reported to your doctor right away.
Normally, you can get up to 95%. There is a vodka (Spyritus) that will give you a percent or percent and a half more. To get higher than that (absolute alcohol) you have to dry it out over sulfuric acid to pull out the water. As soon as you open the bottle, the absolute alcohol starts picking up water from the air, though, so it is used only in the laboratory and only when absolutely necessary.
No. An alcoholic has an alcohol dependency<SEMCOL> you cant be dependent on something you have never taken.
I want to party with you.
A couple wont hurt you.0
Alcohol - The Kinks: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBDlywJKe   
none
Never heard of "green alcohol."
Yes. And there is no difference between alcohol types. Eighteen is the minimum purchase age - just make sure you have some photo-ID.
He will not tell the doctors the truth about his alcohol consumption. He knows he is an alcoholic but has not yet come to terms with this in his mind. He cannot drink alcohol on the day of his procedure as this will affect the anesthesias effectiveness. He is NOT stubborn, he is in denial. I think his procedure will be ok but there are many paths for you and your family that are not yet traveled. I wish you peace my friend, as you cannot carry the burden of guilt for this. Your father loves you.
alcohol doesnt alert your mind lol it does the exact opposite. atleast with me. I think the best drug is nail polish remover, glue and paint. I also like the smell of the basement0
Its pretty ******* good once you get to that sweet part where you dont feel like vomiting but everything is comfortably numb and you dont give a **** about anything. The only better feeling I can think of is coming when youre high on weed. That.... that is *******... unreal.
It usually takes three days to leave , but that could depend on quantity taken, as well as metabolism. You may not be drunk the next day after drinking but traces will remain and can be detected for 72 hours (three days), and sometimes longer, depending on the individual body metabolism
Alcohol abuse for me is when person drinks in order to drown his unhappiness and his dissatisfaction with life in alcohol . If your hands will not stop shaking in the morning unless you have a drink than you went too far . As long as you drink because you are happy, and happy person can do anything he wishes to do , you are ok no matter what boring people might say .
i dont beleive jesus ever drank alchohol NO, i believe he was a nazarene, othewise why would the koran itself say not to kill nazarites. anyway. 3/4 of the bible say not to be drunk, to be sober. a few verses that allow strong drink for certain conditions may not be the direct inspiration of the Lord.
someone in your hallway , may be drinking it. and you have a great nose smeller, girl.
They dont sell it where I am in NY.....so we used to drive to NJ to pick it up. Depends on the state.
Yes you need to stop before you get yourself killed.
Youre overreacting... just believe that theres no ill effects since it was FOUR MONTHS AGO. You would have known in September if there really was a problem.
They dont know your age when examining checked bags. However, a clear liquid in a Coke bottle is suspicious.
none
the governments wants our minds closed
Alcohol releases people from their inhibitions. A little can reveal the true person under the shell. Too much can show the dark side,which is not a good thing.
Yes~ there are people with better qualifications.
There is no such thing as under age alcohol. There is a minimum age to BUY alcohol, but not for the alcohol itself.
Never .
They probably wont. And dude that sucks!!
0.8%? No. 8% yes.
Make the hot chocolate as normal, then add the liqueur after. Good ones that would work well with chocolate (depending on what you like): Baileys Irish Cream Kahlua Creme de Menthe (if you like mint/chocolate together) Amaretto
Moonshine made with the wrong equipment forms compounds that might be poisonous, irritating, or merely bad flavors. If the alcohol content is above 38% that is a bad flavor. The still has to be copper, and they use flour paste because joints have to be lead-free. A lot of moonshiners never learned this stuff.
Try non-alcoholic beer. The more expensive brands of na beer taste pretty good. They will satisfy your urge to drink beer and you will stay sober.
Public utilities arent as much taxes as user fees - when I got to the community centre gym, I"m not paying tax, Im paying a user fee. Same with my water bill - its a public utility, but Im actually consuming the water, so I should pay for it. Amusements, depends what you mean. There are sin taxes on some junk food in some places. I think there should be more - chips, chocolate, soda, etc. is not good for you, and making it expensive might stop people from using it. Same logic applies to booze and smokes.
none
Rubbing alcohol dialates the blood vessels and increase oxygen flow to the muscles. Pain can be caused by many things, but in your case it sounds like muscle inflammation.
Sleeping it off or waiting it out. Thats about it.
you cant afford rehab, but you afford expensive alcohol everyday? man, its called will power. talk to your family, and stop hanging around stupid friends that encourage you to do it. just remember that, if you keep it up youre going to die a very unhappy lonely man with no money and no family. sorry, im brutally honest but that sometimes is the only thing that works. goodluck buds!
Hi from France ? It depends my mood, but they are : Champagne ! (of course), Vine, Gin, Vodka, beer, Americano, Muscat and Guignolet.. Best Cat.
Depends on how much you drink. The liver burns off alcohol at a constant rate, so if you drink twice as much it will take roughly twice as long to disappear. That said, alcohol use leaves traces in your system which are still detectable at least 2-3 weeks afterwards (although probably not in a standard urine test).
It Hurts because of the Vomiting..!! You wont die.. Yet!!
Since you are 18, they will look in your bags, because they will think you have sawdust for brains, like most 18 year olds, and youre probably carrying drugs, because most 18 year olds are so stupid that they think theyre smart. Then they will find your bottle. After that, I dont know what will happen.
You have to go through customs to enter the US. Youll have to declare the alcohol on your customs form. In this case, the alcohol will be confiscated before you leave customs. If you fail to declare the alcohol and its detected by customs in a secondary inspection, then the alcohol will be confiscated and you are subject to more serious sanctions which can include a large fine. When I went through customs a couple of days ago, they were diverting about half the passengers through the secondary customs inspection at the airport where I arrived. Its not worth the risk. Leave the alcohol in Peru.
well, you could look at it from the point of view that harsh living conditions are great enough a threat that denial of pleasure because of its long-term risk gets outweighed in the logic balance. If the odds are stacked against you already, a small addition to the negative column which carries a noticeable benefit to the persons happiness is worth the price. Not that I accept the premise of your statement (people living in harsh climes do not necessarily act as you clam), just the implied premise that you know how others should live their lives. That is, what makes little sense to you does not necessarily make little sense to others.
Alcohols are organic compounds, in which the -OH (hydroxyl group) is bonded directly to a Carbon atom. Water does not contain carbon.
The most dangerous thing about putting alcohol on your penis is that it tends to increase the amount of times you repeatedly ask the same question over and over. Seriously though, alcohol is meant to be put on your skin, it may have irritated you cause your glans may be sensitive, but youll be fine in no time at all. No... you will not get cancer.
You are correct. Alcohol content of Chateau Julien Chardonnay is 13.5%.
Yes. Theres not that much alcohol in medicine, and after a few hours your liver will have processed that and it would have exited your body through urination.
Work out the half equations for the cells and you will realise why acid is needed. Reminder: Acid = H+.
Well, I dont know if you can convince him to take you back. But you can show him how good of a girlfriend that you would be (if the 2 of yous were still together) by being someone that he can lean on. You know, by basically being emotionally there for him. It may not win him back, but at least you put yourself out there and tried, right?
The safest, healthiest option is to give it up. Just sip on your favorite drink, whatever it is. A couple wines a step above fruit juice: Sutter Home Moscato, Wild Vine Blackberry Merlot. Here are a few juice recipes you may enjoy... Pineapple Ginger Smoothie Pineapples contain bromelain enzyme, a powerful anti-inflammatory, famous pain relieving enzyme has been synthesized and isolated into supplements to treat inflammation and pain naturally. Ginger contains very powerful anti-inflammatory compounds called gingerols. These substances are believed to explain why so many people with osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis experience reductions in their pain levels and improvements in their mobility when they consume ginger regularly. Ingredients: - 2 cups ripe pineapple - 1 cup ripe mango - large knob of ginger (about 2-4 inches) - 1 cup young thai coconut water (you may add the coconut meat too from inside the coconut if you please) - 1 tsp. fresh vanilla Blend all ingredients for 20-30 seconds and enjoy! http://www.naturalcuresnotmedicine.com/#    Frosty Shake, can be frozen for fudgesicles: 3/4 cup Almond Milk & 1/3 of a Banana 15 ice cubes 1/2 tsp Vanilla 1-2 Tbsp unsweetened Cocoa powder Blend. Options: replace all the almond milk, banana and most of the ice cubes with frozen bananas. organic unsweetened cocoa powder organic unsweetened almond milk Agave, honey, or stevia sweeteners Chocolate Banana Shake Recipe with Coconut Oil Reverses brain disease--coconut oil http://www.deliciousobsessions.com/2010/    http://www.amazon.com/Alzheimers-Disease    1 cup coconut milk (learn how make your own here) 1 tablespoon maple syrup 6 drops vanilla cream stevia 1 large ripe banana 1 tablespoon melted coconut oil 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 1 tablespoon high quality cocoa powder or carob powder Good luck, hope you enjoy them.
Mix juices, especially cranberry juice, with 7-Up or sprite. You can also buy "mixers" for things like bloody marys, then just not add the alcohol. Sparkling cider in the bottles that look like champagne.
M and S has dug themselves into a hole in more ways than one. Theyve been in and out of financial hot water for a few years now. Logistically for a retailer to do this is a nightmare for them. Because the Muslim serving will need to be taken off and on a till or whatever all the time. This is impractical and M and S profits will suffer for this in the sense that customers will grow tired of service dogged by delay and inefficiency. But what you say is truehttp://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/m-faces    This will be a PR disaster for them
You need not drink to be cool or in with the group . Drinking leads to people you dont want to have sex with , but you did because you where drunk . I bartend and I have not had a drink in 5 years and my so called friends continue to live in the bottle spending all their money at the bar while I save my money to have a better life those people are not your friends !
The Republicans do...but its a small margin.
You have two choices - either drink to get drunk or have a decent time, drink a few cocktails and have sex with your girlfriend. You cant do both. All alcohol thins the blood pretty much the same way. If you cant perform while drunk, dont get drunk. You can still have a few drinks and have a good time and then go home and have some more fun.
Alcohol has no taste - only a mouthfeel. The taste you dislike is that of the drink - in this case white rum. Mixing fruit juice will help get rid of the taste - but, if you dont like the taste of a drink then why drink it? I assume that, as a reasonably intelligent 16-year-old Canadian, you are not stupid enough to be trying to get drunk, are you? You are, of course, quite old enough to drink in private in Canada - take no notice of swdarklighters remarks about 21 - thats relevant only to those under 21 who are unfortunate enough to live in the USA.
You probably shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t be drinking. Pace your self and be smart about it if you decided to go there. It is different for everybody.
if you need a drink to wake up. if you need a drink to wind down. if you need a drink to face a customer. if you need a drink to see your wife. if you need a drink to be with friends. if you need to drink when with friends. if you need a drink to face a conflict. if you need a drink after a conflict. if you need a drink with a meal. if you need a drink to skip a meal. Do you see what all of these different activities have in common? that is an addiction.
It defeats the purpose. You can look up any of the drugs in question, at drugs.com or other sites,
I&#x27<SEMCOL>m almost 28. I live in the USA where we must be 21 to legally drink. When I was 20 I couldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t WAIT to turn 21 to be legal. But if what you are saying is that you are so desparate to become intoxicated AND that you must consume more alcohol than prior occasions, you need to stop. NOW. I never believed it as a kid but everyone and my parents were correct... I was headed towards alcoholism and I didnt listen and now I have nearly killed myself five times due its problems. So please don&#x27<SEMCOL>t worry about getting drunk and feeling good, your parents won&#x27<SEMCOL>t be mad from a little or angery from a lot, they will just always be worried, sad, and disappointed. So ask some one you trust to talk to about why you like to drink or feel the need. If you have no on you have the internet or I&#x27<SEMCOL>m sure the UK has hotline telephone numbers you can call for assistance. Be smart. Dont ruin your life because of some stupid poisonious liquid.
probably not, but the problem using these kinds of drugs with alcohol is the intense stress it puts on the kidneys and the liver. if you do damage a major organ it might shut down. my advice is not to use ibuprofen to get high, have the drink without the pills.
none
none
Alcohol does reduce inhibitions which is why it makes people feel less nervous. However, whilst it is OK to have the occasional small measure of drink before a stressful experience it is better to get the underlying problem dealt with. Using alcohol as a medical crutch means that eventually you will be unable to perform without it. And, contrary to what many people believe, you are allowed to drink alcohol in most US States at your age - you just have to drink it in private and not try to buy it.
the alcohol raises your blood pressure. heartburn med may help you from getting drunk or getting an upset stomach
Alcohol dilates blood vessels and causes flushing, then reverts, then again, along with shrinking nasal passages coupled with probable increased blood flow...gets all the juices flowing, even the nasty ones. Take Airborne before and after you drink...good for both alcohol related and other colds or symptoms.
Any number of reasons, some people drink it responsibly, an occasional drink alone to relax, or a weekend drink with friends, and some people drink it everyday, because its addictive, and they have issues which they havent dealt with properly.
none
48 hrs and it is gone provided you have to had any alcoholic since then . Having plenty of water helps circulate and recover. Alcohol intake is injurious to health if not taken responsibly....apart from that it is your personal choice mate.
yes, with running water to dilute it.
none
Yes, according to the law of the State of Narnia you have to be under 18 to do this.
If your looking to get some drinking done under age, you will probably have to provide proof of age any way you buy it. If you looking for a particular brand try the brewery/distillery/winery website.
Face it, and take the hit
none
There are at least five gene pairs associated with alcoholism and drug addiction. The fact that these genes seem to be heavily selected for in populations without alcohol suggest that they confer reproductive advantages when alcohol is not around. Because the rates of alcoholism are low in populations that have had alcohol for a long time, it is thought that it takes 1500 to 2000 years for the genes to breed down once alcohol is present.
No. Drugs can because of people using needles I think. HIV is spread by blood not saliva.
There are many reasons why this is. Here are 3 reasons and a few links so you can see the rest. Hope this helps! Social Barriers: "Identifying alcoholism is difficult for the individual afflicted because of the social stigma associated with the disease that causes people with alcoholism to avoid diagnosis and treatment for fear of shame or social consequences." Lack of Treatment Success: "return to controlled drinking rarely persisted for much more than a decade without relapse or evolution into abstinence." Cultural Reasons: Caucasians have a much lower abstinence rate (11.8%) and much higher tolerance to symptoms (3.4  2.45 drinks) of alcohol than Chinese (33.4% and 2.2  1.78 drinks respectively). Also, the more acculturation there is between cultures, the more influenced the culture is to adopt Caucasians drinking practices.
Probably environment, not so much genetics. Actually, my dad was an alcoholic. I was an adopted child. I grew up in an alcoholic environment, and I am an alcoholic as well now. (Has a sip of wine <SEMCOL>) My childhood was 35 years ago. I started drinking at age 14, after Dad gave me sips of what he was drinking (usually whiskey). After all, I was a child, and hence curious. He wasnt a bad father, in fact he provided very well for the entire family. It was only when he reached late-stage alcoholism that he started to be verbally (not physically) abusive to his wife. Perhaps that environmental verbal abuse towards my adoptive mom helped me (thats sarcasm) also turn even more towards alcohol, as a means to shut it out. Ethanol (drinking alcohol) CH3 - CH2 - OH One of the first chemical reactions discovered by h.o.m.o. sapiens. (Had to use dots in the last phrase because Yahoo censored it.)
The Russians have taken Vodka into space, Buzz Aldrin took ceremonial wine to the Moon. But there wont be champagne for New Years, when Coca-Cola and Pepsi went on the shuttle, they found that carbonated drinks brought all sorts of fluids out from their stomachs when they burped.
Yes, you will be fine.
You should be clear. I doubt they test for alcohol in the urine test if they also do a breathalyzer, but either way youre clear.
You should be fine. It may have smelled strange but it should not have caused any chemical reaction that would have produced harmful fumes.
You should consult your medical doctor (general practitioner) or psychiatrist .
The guy below me saying "youre gonna get addicted to alcohol" is off... Just because you like a smell doesnt mean anything. I like the smell of gasoline, does that mean Im gonna drink it and then light a match? No. It does mean Im a redneck though... But I dont give a crap :)
By forcing their daughters to get an education.
none
Nikhilesh answered 6 hrs ago The energy released form a molecule is related to the number of bonds that need to be broken and created during a combustion process. Propanol which has 3 carbon atoms releases more energy than ethanol which only has two. Thus enthalpy change in case of propanol is more than ethanol
It doesnt matter if you you dont drink everyday. If when you do drink alcohol you cant control when you stop, knowing yourself that socially anymore alcohol is gonna create problems not only for yourself but for people around you, then the alcohol has the control, not you! Recovering alcoholic
It may be flagged for inspection of explosives, but that is all. I am unsure about the customs rules when you reach Germany though. Just keep the quantities below 5 liters total and below 140 proof. Make sure it is properly wrapped either with bubble-wrap or clothing to lessen the chance of breakage while in transit. From http://www.tsa.gov ("Can I Bring My.." search tool.) --- Search Results For: liquor Check Only Alcohol or alcoholic beverages in amounts greater than 3.4 oz. must be transported in checked baggage. Bottles of alcohol 3.4 ounces or less must adhere to the 3-1-1 rule for liquids: containers must be 3.4 ounces or less<SEMCOL> stored in a 1 quart/liter zip-top bag<SEMCOL> 1 zip-top bag per person, placed in the screening bin. Larger amounts of liquids, gels, and aerosols must be placed in checked baggage. Please note: The FAA limits quantities of alcohol permitted on board planes based on the alcohol content (proof). In general, there is no limit on the amount of alcoholic beverages containing 24% or less alcohol in checked baggage. You may take up to five liters of alcohol with an alcohol content that is between 24% and 70% per person as checked luggage if it   s packaged in a sealable bottle or flask. Alcoholic beverages with more than 70% alcohol content (140 proof), including 95% grain alcohol and 150 proof rum are not permitted in either carry-on or checked luggage. Even if an item is generally permitted, it may be subject to additional screening or not allowed through the checkpoint if it triggers an alarm during the screening process, appears to have been tampered with, or poses other security concerns. The final decision rests with TSA on whether to allow any items on the plane. ---
A lot of people dont drink alcohol. At least you wont have to deal hang overs and stuff
Most types of liquor sold are "80 proof" which means theyre 40% alcohol.
none
Christians do against the Christ what he teached they mutated it in their own language for their own benefits even i wounder they abuses him and disrespect him. but for me he is Allahs Messenger I love him and want to see his survival again. till then Dasvidania Daga va choua for his dis beleivers
I&#x27<SEMCOL>m really sorry to hear such a familiar story, and I haven&#x27<SEMCOL>t really got positive news. I&#x27<SEMCOL>m 2 years out of a 7-year relationship with a woman who, like your partner, had the urge to drink to near unconsciousness on a regular basis. Aside from having to carry her up the stairs to bed (really romantic eh?) she was an embarrassment when friends visited or when we went out socially, eventually it killed our relationship. I&#x27<SEMCOL>ve recently rediscovered an old friend who has been heavily involved with Alcoholics Anonymous, largely because she is herself an alcoholic. She pointed out that you don&#x27<SEMCOL>t have to drink every morning, every night, every weekend to be an alcoholic, just be &#x27<SEMCOL>unable to control your drinking. So... I&#x27<SEMCOL>ve come.to realise that my ex was, in fact, an alcoholic before I met her. I&#x27<SEMCOL>ll be honest, the experience had.made me unfairly wary in my relations with women, although maybe I can be more careful and I&#x27<SEMCOL>ll meet someone.sober :-) Good luck, I hope you can make him see sense...
none
Go to Ala-non meetings. (people that are involved with alcoholic - usually spouses) You will get support and information that will help your make a good safe decision. LOVE to you!! ps. You can call the police when he drives drunk. Perhaps that will get his attention to the problem.
Theres a few reasons, however, I think professional piercers are MOSTLY just covering their bums with this one. Alcohol thins the blood.. so it can make your piercing bleed more, or start bleeding again if you bump it. Alcohol can increase swelling, which is just not super great for a new piercing. Alcohol sort of decreases the bodys natural immune system, which is what helps piercing heal, so theres that. Lastly... SOME people get much more drunk after just having a piercing done - I think its because the body is preoccupied with the hole you just put through yourself and has a hard time trying to work at healing that AND filtering alcohol as normal.. Im really not sure on that one though. Now... with all that being said... I have drank after nearly every piercing Ive gotten (8-10?) and they are all fine and I have had zero problems. I think this will be the case with MOST people you speak with, but there are always exceptions to the rule.
NO, caught with the evidence, not 21 and guilty as charged.
Salaam. Yes bro, its completely forbidden, you missed a verse of the QUran. Quran 
I would suppose that the M&S store policy would then open up the prospect of refusing to serve homosexuals because it is against their religious beliefs, or refusing service to dog owners or to handicapped people with service dogs, since dogs are haram. http://globalnews.ca/news/1000631/human-    http://www.nbcnews.com/id/16472393/#.Uro    If you havent noticed, the Moslems in this category feel they are superior to everyone else: http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    As a result, they feel they are entitled to special treatment, while they are permitted by their "Allah" and religious doctrines to trample over everyone else in the world. They feel they dont have to follow any rules made by us kafirs as far as terms or conditions of employment, or any matter of law, if they dont want to: http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind    EDiT: Yep Asker, thats what they expect. Thanks for reminding me of the schools...I forgot to include this little gem from this category: http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/ind   
A spare liver would come in handy for this..
A couple months
dont worry jimmy, you dont need alcohol to make a fool out of yourself
yes it is alcohol poisoning.
>Is it illegal to try and buy alcohol if youre under age? YES, minors arent allowed to even touch a bottle of alcohol just getting the bottle out off the shelf can earn you a minor in possession charge. If you are unlucky enough to try this at a liquor store that has had its liquor license threatened they might get your tag # for police and actively report you. Then there is the fact most states require places that sell alcohol to film every transaction so they will have your picture and most places have security cameras in their parking lots so theyll have your vehicle too. Last year I had a friend whos daughter got a MIP for cleaning up during a party she didnt drink anything she blew a 0.0 BUT the cops printed everyone at the party and collected the can and bottles and MIPed every minor that had prints on an alcohol container.
none
none
Start at 7 with some A.M. Ale.
If you knew what a regular sized meal was, you wouldnt be 117 pounds. Whether you talk to your doctor about your ED is up to you. Nobody will force you. But if you eat as little as you normally do to stay at 117 pounds, two shots will hit you very hard, and three will leave you almost unconscious.
The amount of alcohol in two or three drinks would probably be burned out of your body after nine hours as it usually burns one hour per ounce of actual alcohol, and one ounce is about average per drink. That said, you should check the label on the container, or the note that came from the pharmacist if this is a prescription drug.
none
Depends on which pill and how much booze. If youre not a heavy drinker and take a SSRI,I wouldnt worry about it. If drinking regularily, it might make you more depressed. It also might make you too drowsy to drive. Heard some reports, peeps mixing both had suicidal thoughts. I probably wouldnt make a habit of drinking while drugging.
I cant imagine that anyone would want to make such a drink. Fosters with alcohol is one of the most foul mock-pilsners that was ever inflicted on an innocent drinking public. There are non-alcoholic beers around, of course, and I can tell you from personal experience that they are nearly as foul as ordinary Fosters. Try one - the experience will drive you to drink.
I am cooking a turkey a friend gave me. I am also going to heat up some ham a friend gave me. I am also having corn pudding, macaroni and cheese, fruit salad - made with cherry pie filing, bananas, pineapple chunks & mandarin oranges. I made a raspberry poke cake, and homemade pumpkin pie. There will only be me and my husband, our son and daughter. My husband and I do not drink.
No worries, I drank a whole bottle of Courvoisier. Yes, a calorie is a calorie is a calorie, no matter where that calorie comes from. Best of luck and good health!
Alcohol is a downer so will make you sleepy. The problem is that it also interrupts your sleep pattern. So whilst you will fall asleep easier, you will also wake up in the small hours, or at least your sleep towards the end of the night will be of poorer quality than normal.
No. Nowhere in N.D. on Christmas.
One should never mix alcohol and meds
Youll be fine - but dont take any more paracetamol. This drug is DEADLY if you take an overdose - with or without alcohol. It is one of the most painful ways to die as the paracetamol destroys the liver and there is no cure. Check in "Health" for more information.
Acohol is a mood depressant - it inhibits higher brain functions first, so can reduce social anxiety, but eventually (and especially if you are prone to poor mood) it will cause loss of more aspects of control... this can lead to more drinking and a spiral of low mood bolstered by temporary loss of self and then depression. Id strongly recommend deciding what you will drink before hand and *not* exceeding this (and to keep the limit either very low (a cider or a beer, or one glass of wine), or to avoid drinking at all). Never use alcohol to drown your sorrows particularly if money is one of your issues as it wont help in the longer term and can increase your problems. It also wont help if you get drunk (or even lose inhibitions at a lower level) and dwell on how bad your perfectly normal life is ~ or behave in a way you know youd regret on another day... There is a level at which alcohol can be useful ~ it is proven to reduce stress in small, regular amounts, but this is far below the recommended limits, and these are far below what many people drink, even if they dont consider themselves heavy drinkers. It is also one of the biggest societal problems causing debt, relationship and health problems on a staggering scale.
Answer Fat in milk exists as emulsion stabilised by phospholipids and proteins. Gerber method uses concentrated H2SO4 which de-emulsify the fat in the milk. Fat being lighter with lower density than surrounding separate. from aqueous medium. Addition of amyl alcohol at this stage facilitates a clear separation of fat from the aqueous phase.There is no chemical reaction with amyl alcohol. From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
I wouldnt even wait until tomorrow to see a doctor. Your body is trying to tell you it is being poisoned - but - you are so dense - youre not listening. Keep abusing your body & you may not live to a ripe, old age.
none
Pain is your body   s way of telling you something is wrong, the more severe the pain is and the longer it goes on for indicates its degree of seriousness. Only you can judge the severity of the pain, if it   s bad or goes on for a prolonged period then you need to see your Doctor or go to the ER room at your local Hospital.
none
Give up Acetaminophen altogether. Too many people have died from liver failure with this drug, the drug companies wont teach how it acts as a poison so that people can intelligently use it. Google up images of Ascites to get an idea of what liver failure looks like. You can get liver failure from chronic alcohol use, but it takes much longer. Chronic acetaminophen (more than two weeks in a row) or using it with alcohol will put you on a fast track to misery.
one beer wont.....but i would not mix it with your pain killers you can get adverse effects. it will say so right on your bottle of pills. aside from that im not sure.
99% of the time an alcoholic is someone who is trying to escape their problems and usually it is accompanied by depression. During the Holidays when people are together, happy, or simply when the concept of time passing really hits home, people who are alone, self-depreciating, or feeling sufforcated turn to the drink to comfort themselves and forget for a while. The most common reasons for alcoholics over-indulging at the holidays are... 1) Loneliness. Seeing everyone together can really get you down when you realize youre alone. 2) A sense of self-depreciation. When you feel you are worth enough or you havent accomplished enough, the passing of a holiday can mark the passage of time and hit home that you are in a rut. 3) Too many people together. If you are in an unhappy situation at home then having more people around can sometimes make it worse and you drink to try and escape it. 4) Grief. Tragic events and losses really seem to hit home at the holidays. 5) Its cheap and large alcohol purchases during the holidays tend to raise fewer eyebrows. The number of deals on offer at this time of year can be a terrible temptation to an alcoholic.
Normally you should wait until youre sober to take Tylenol. 3-4 hours was likely long enough. In the future though just remember you can take Ibuprofen for headaches until you can take Tylenol. *Drink some water too. A headache after drinking is probably dehydration.
Yes, unfortunatly even a child with exposure and or access to alcohol can become an alcoholic. It doesnt start out that way and a young person is especially vulnerable without direction or help from adults.
Oh ya - there are kids in high school who are full-blown alcoholics. Alcoholism is a disease - and it just determines what the body does with the alcohol. For most of us, we get happy for a few minutes and then get sick. But an alcoholic can go on drinking feeling better and better. And its a real trap. The booze solves their problems - makes it easy for them to avoid dealing with lifes real issues. If you want to read a good little book on this, get a used copy of "Under the Influence" off of Amazon - they explain alcoholism in a pretty no-nonsense way. An alcoholic really has to quit... he cant drink at all - ever - or hes going to be in trouble.
No, and trying it could kill you. You cant get drunk or high that way. If you want to get drunk fast, just drink a lot quickly.
Be careful as regular alcohol drinking will affect your health. Spirits are the worst as the really beat the living sh!t out of your liver and many spirits drinkers who drink regularly end up with liver disease or liver cancer, and even mouth and throat cancer. getting a "buzz" from alcohol and drugs is a dangerous game and even though as a young guy it seems to be doing no harm the affects accumulate and I have known guys in their 20s who are in serious health trouble due to alcohol. I realize you are not looking to get drunk as a skunk on a regular basis but it is best to drink an alcohol drink then a non alcohol drink or 2 before the next alcohol drink. Only you can find that level where you are not too drunk but humming along nicely and it may take a little practice to get it down to a correct ammount. You are way better sticking to beer as it is way less alcoholic and you can drink 3 or 4 for the nigh instead of spirits which are gone in one swig. Never drink spirits straight from a bottle as you will drink way more than you planned and spirits have a way bigger chance of killing you from alcohol poisoning. Yes you can die from drinking alcohol too quickly such as swigging spirits from a bottle. Alcohol is a poison and you get the buzz from poisoning yourself slightly but in rare occasions people drinking spirits drink it too quickly and get a fatal dose before they fall unconcious. Their friends just think they are drunk and sleeping it off but in reality the person may be dying. If you must drink then drink beer and if it is to be a long session get yourself light beer and you can drink more without getting totally wasted. Be sensible as drinking alcohol is a factor in the majority of deaths in young people and watch out for those who spike drinks because they think it is funny to get others as drunk as they are and give no thought as to that person leaving not realizing how much alcohol they really have drunk and risking their lives. Remember the only person who likes a drunk is another drunk, and everyone else hates them and druggies. Be careful.
a drink that you have just before you go to bed at night and that usually has alcohol in it
Not if you strain the alcohol through a hanky and drink it.
same here you cant fix her you cant hide the alcohol you cant stop her from buying it you cant trust anything she says sure, she is sick but you simply cant do anything to help her one trick is ... dont engage in conversation when shes drunk absolutely no point and and its dishearteningly distressing anyway when shes sober .. let her know you love her and support her when she wants to change in the meantime just live your life dont try and shoulder the burden whatever comes will come
You will not live to a ripe old age, Bubba! My dad crawled down inside a whiskey bottle - and decided he loved it there - & never came back out. Died a horrible death - at age 60 - waaaaay before his time.
none
Only a glass of red wine occasionally,
Outlawing beer and bacon? WTF are they thinking? Man cannot live on bread alone.
Stop lying to yourself. You havent stopped drinking. You are still abusing alcohol. "Ive stopped drinking" is a lie if "one night I downed about a fifth". Stop lying to yourself and get help. Your doctor can help you. AA can help you. But first, you need to stop lying to yourself. You havent stopped drinking.
Alcohol is reported to be good for you in small amounts. I know someone who is allergic to it and cant drink at all. I also know someone who is an alcoholic and really shouldnt drink, but continues to do so despite having lost two jobs and a marriage on account of it. I have one drink a day. 1/2 to 1 glass of red wine. I purchased a beer three days ago, but havent had a chance to drink it yet. When I finally get around to it, Ill probably drink half and save have for the next day.
Ibuprofen should be ok but too much paracetomol or codine based painkillers with alcohol is far worse. The only thing with ibuprofen is stomach irritation and alcohol may make it worse leading to acid and heartburn but not always.
Technically its a depressant drug. What goes with that is that it also has the effect of releasing inhibitions because of the effect it has on chemical reactions in your brain - it depresses them so youre no longer totally in control of yourself, and that totally matches with what you feel. My mother doesnt drink much so a glass or two of wine at Christmas lunch goes right to her head - "ooooooo, I feel all swimmy". To go right to the extreme of drugs, heroin is also a depressant but far more intensely and thats part of what makes it dangerously addictive.- I have to say Ive never tried it and never will but the effect is apparently to make you feel totally relaxed and therefore happy. It DOES affect different people differently depending on their personalities. Releasing inhibitions brings out the inner person, so for some naturally aggressive people it makes them more violent, for others it just makes them more soppy or stupid or sleepy. Horny is one thing I dont feel, relaxed yes, more affectionate possibly as thats the way it affects my particular personality (you sound rather like me, actually), but one certain effect is alcohol makes it harder to "get it up". As Shakespeare wrote in the drunk porters speech in "Macbeth" (I did this for O level English Literature - Im 48 and it was O level then, not GCSE), "it provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance". The speech comes just after Macbeth murders King Duncan, as a bit of light comic relief. As I was only 16 while studying it, I couldnt fully appreciate what the porter was saying, but I can now! Alcohol is certainly a drug - drink a lot and your body gets used to it, so you have to drink more to get the same effect, and alcoholics get withdrawal symptoms when forced to stop.
Theyve made a decision about how much and you want us to tell you its okay to drink more. I cant do that and if you find someone thats willing to push the envelope on it, what can I say. Get you some liver care from the health food store.
I suppose England wants to observe the muslims religious rights and not to offend something which have been known as religious taboo for centuries. If the supermarkets have a special checkout signs like those indicating "for handicap only" or "non alcohol or pork items only" even "only 10 items", "cash only", people need to follow because its the supermarkets policy to ensure and respect their muslim customers confidence in coming into their supermarkets. *
none
none
I would get at least 50 cases of beer 25 lite 25 reg have at least 6 bottles of wine and a few fiths of each vodka rum tequila.
I used to work at a gas station and people used to get frustrated with me for asking, even when I had seen them a thousand times. But often times, the computer attached to the register will require you to enter a birth date, and the cashier in question has cameras watching him/her. If a cashier were to sell alcohol to a minor or were to ID incorrectly and get caught (police will do random tests), he/she can be fined or disciplined.
none
none
http://www.amazon.com/Frontier-Vanilla-A    make cakes from scrach and use this
Salam Yes it can be certified by he board of ulams as halal in the label after making research that the company does not use alcohol as solvent in flavoring or vanilla extract
none
Im not sure what that would end up tasting like. All I know is youre supposed to use vodka, because vodka has a neutral flavor that pretty much goes with anything. With beer, thats not the case.
An Imperial pint is 568ml<SEMCOL> a US pint is 473ml. So 500ml is about halfway between a US and an Imperial pint.
none
Shell be ok, let her be sick, and give her some ginger ale and aspirin for the hangover. 150 ml. thats about 5 oz. Thats only good for a bit of a buzz. A bottle of wine is much more, and well, shell get over it. I seriously doubt threes any lasting damage. Kids do this stuff, at 15 you got of easy. Calm down.
none
none
No.
One beer wont harm you at all. I dare say you could drink three bottles (330ml) and youll be fine. No puking I assure you (unless you have some ultra rare alcohol allergy). One beer is nothing really. Maybe youll feel mellow, relaxed, more outgoing. Maybe you take a couple mints with you. Beer can have a notable smell after you drink it especially if you burp so that can help avoid your mom finding out.
yes you did a serious damage to ur kidney and liver you may develop even fatty liver so be careful and check with the doctor
Alcohol can kill dogs but your dog didnt drink enough to do much harm. She may have some pain as her liver tries to deal with the alcohol.
You dont, you live and let him live, you accept him as he is or dont, but in that case better to do both of you a favour and leave him alone.
In order to do so, there would have to be some mechanism for enforcing it. Whats to keep someone with five DUIs from going and buying more alcohol? Fear of getting caught didnt stop him after the fourth DUI, how would fear of getting caught stop him from buying more booze? Youd have to somehow mark their ID/Drivers License such that it tells bartenders/liquor store clerks not to sell to him. That works until he goes and gets an out of state license and uses that to buy booze, or uses his passport as proof of age to allow purchases. I have similarly thought of the same idea (treating alcohol offenders as though they were underage), but havent come up with a good idea as far as being able to enforce it. If youve got the solution, write your state legislator and lets get it passed.
In theory it is a good idea. On par with suspending ones drivers license for one too many DUI (or otherwise reckless driving) offenses. The major debate youre going to run into is how it could be enforced, and how well. Do we have the resources (ie: money, manpower, etc.), and how effective is this new rule when put into practice? These shouldnt be thought of as deterrents, but simply obstacles to consider.
Intervention.
It is never safe to smoke. Smoking damages the lungs, heightens the risk for cancer and causes premature aging of the skin. I wish you the wisdom to make the smart choices in life.
If she&#x27<SEMCOL>s an alcoholic, she&#x27<SEMCOL>s messed up, if she&#x27<SEMCOL>s suicidal, she&#x27<SEMCOL>s ****** up, so your sister is ******* messed up, take her to a psychiatrist or a psychologist
Coconut rum
So first off, you are a little young to be drinking, maybe sway away from alcohol. You have a few questions here, so bare with me. Alcohol is tested for with a breathalyzer. Depending of course on the amount of alcohol youve ingested, you can test positive for many hours, or until your liver has fully metabolized the alcohol and your body has flushed it out. If the night before a test you had some drinks, but had slept for hours, you should be fine, again, depending on your intake. If you smell like booze, you may still test positive. Smoking is a bit vague. If you are talking about cigarettes, I wouldnt worry as they probably dont look for nicotine. If you are talking about drugs, then again it could depend. Marijuana stays in the body for quite a while, as it gets stored in your body fat. It can take some time to fully get flushed out, but that tends to be more noticeable in someone who actually smokes it. If youre only around it, then you arent going to have much get into your system, unless you are in a car with lots of smoke or something. If you dont smoke it, I wouldnt worry. Most tests look for certain levels, and youd probably have minimal levels which wouldnt be much of an issue. Other drugs have other timelines in your body, but as stated before, as long as you are the one doing the smoking, I wouldnt concern myself. Again, this all being said, youre 14, and should probably be using different judgement of who you hang out with if this is that much of an issue. Especially when drugs is involved. I doubt that the tests will involve testing your hair. I cant guarantee that but it sounds a bit excessive for a school drug test. Hair follicles do tend to hold onto evidence of drug use for much longer than people expect. But if something was found, it doesnt give a timeline that can properly be used as evidence, in comparison to urine or blood. Hopefully this answers your questions, but I can see you needing to still be honest with yourself with what you expose yourself to, as only you will know the potential of testing positive or not. Good luck.
Legalization of marijuana would be most devastating to the US economy than the Bush 8 year war mongering tyranny which saw unemployment soar and our financial and economic systems almost fail . The US has the highest rate of incarceration than any other nation including China and other totalitarian regimes . There are literally millions employed in the "prison system" from Judges, to defense and prosecution lawyers, from guards at all levels to the personnel running the few thousand incarceration facilities here . We have all those employed in industries which supply goods and services to all these prisons. Over 22 % of all prisoners are in jail for drug offences .Their not being there would dump literally millions on unemployment .There are just TOO many people making their living off of jailed drug users who would/are fighting legalization . This is a logical argument for not legalizing BUT it is based upon a erroneous assumption that marijuana should be illegal . Much more important than jobs lost if drugs were made legal is the fact I would save thousands of lives a year .The illegal drug trade has such spectacular profit that we see the slaughter everyday here and in Mexico etc to protect that drug trade .With legalization and government control, the profit motive goes as will the human slaughter .
none
No..
you will be fine... Ive had shots of 151 proof rum. and sips of 190 proof stuff. If you drank alot - you could cause some irritation, but nothing serious. Remember one shot of 190 proof liquor will be like chugging 2-3 beers at once. the biggest question is why would you want to do this? I wont even do shots of 80 proof liquor anymore. I will drink some barrel strength bourbons (120-130 proof) but usually dilute them a bit with an ice cube... and SIP on them for a long period of time. Alcohol should be enjoyed... you will not enjoy drinking 160-190 proof alcohol straight.
Paul says it is a no-no. Of course Paul made up **** that had nothing to do with and often flat out contradicted the rest of the bible. Id take anything he said with a grain of salt.
none
Tequila based drinks worked best for me - homemade margaritas, with fresh lime juice and agave syrup and tequila. Or other types of margaritas, like mango or raspberry, with fresh juice or blended up fruits. Very nice and gluten free.
none
You may have become allergic to alcohol. Many people are simply allergic to alcohol and they cant drink ANYTHING that has alcohol in it -- not even cough syrup<SEMCOL> it makes them sick. You can become allergic to alcohol<SEMCOL> the same that you might be allergic to certain kinds of food.
The licence cant dictate whether you are allowed on the primes is or not, thats to do with the establishments policy - perfectly legal. The licence simply states how many people can be drinking, who should be drinking (age, plus have they had a few too many?) when they can serve till, and if its an on licence or offlicence.
Partially, but weight, metabolism, and experience all come into play as well. Its better to be less tolerant in my opinion. Wouldnt you rather spend $3 on a nice buzz rather than $30? Unless youre in a drinking contest with a yak herder then a high tolerance to alcohol means you gotta spend more money and take in way more empty calories to get the same effect. A high tolerance means youre more broke and fat than the lightweights are.
It is an awful idea to mix codeine and alcohol. In serious cases, it may cause respiratory problems and you may suddenly stop breathing.
Yes, Martinelli Sparkling Cider or Welchs Sparkling red grape juice. Also you can surprise your mom with seltzer and a splash of cranberry juice or orange juice. Stir and add a piece of orange slices with a little paper umbrella in a cocktail glass *
0.20   0.29 Stupor Loss of understanding Impaired sensations Possibility of falling unconscious Severe motor impairment Loss of consciousness Memory blackout 0.30   0.39 Severe central nervous system depression Unconsciousness Possibility of death Bladder function Breathing Dysequilibrium Heart rate 0.40   0.50 General lack of behavior Unconsciousness Possibility of death Breathing Heart rate Positional Alcohol Nystagmus >0.50 High risk of poisoning Possibility of death
Well, youre still young, so no its not the best idea. Habits like this get worse over time. If it really was just a beer or two a day then it wouldnt be that bad, but it sounds like youre in the beginning stages of a drinking problem.
Merlot tends to be in the 11-13% alcohol range.
No.
This is difficult to really say. Some people do have alcohol intolerance and some are even allergic to it. It is hard to say whether you are this way...having blood testing done to check the liver, if you continue to drink, would be wise. Usually, in liver problems, the patient develops itching due to a substance that the liver would normally convert to a soluble form, known as bilirubin, to become part of the bile. If the liver cells are damaged, this isnt done efficiently and it stays in the blood and goes higher on the blood testing results and causes itching. You may be either sensitive to the alcohol itself<SEMCOL> or the grains used in the process of making it, or something else. Best wishes
If they look OK, they are OK. Alcohol usually lasts well beyond the expiration date, Beer also lasts for quite a long time after the expiration date.. My guess is that date you see is a "Best by" date, which just means that the product may lose some quality after that date, not that is unsafe or even bad tasting after that date.
none
1. No matter how small the amount of alcohol you drink and how small the dose you take, anything that you mix with alcohol is never as simple as drink + drug = happy. The reason they tell you not to mix it with alcohol is because it is actually a synergistic effect, meaning youre not adding, youre multiplying the effect of the drug exponentially which is why there are so many cases of overdose today from pills/alcohol. You even said youre a lightweight and you sound like a nice young lady, dont do it. 2. If you really want help with your panic disorder, you need to find the cause of it, not suppress it with medication. I tried doing that and I almost blew my brains out (dead serious). Just try sitting down with a therapist, or if you already are, go to a support group and build a network of people that are struggling with the same thing you are, and yes, they have one for panic disorders. Look up Celebrate Recovery online and find one in your area.
Some stores may be nice, and let it go, but how did you break it? If you were holding it, and you dropped it, then you most likely have to pay. However, if you broke it because you accidentally hit it when you were walking past it, then you can just explain what happened, see if they are nice enough to let it go.
Id say take the drink but dont actually drink it. You can just have it there and start up a conversation easily. Conversation should distract her from the fact that youre not actually drinking.
I like a light white wine, like Chenin Blanc or White Zinfandel (which is actually pink! :O). I also drink whiskey in soda (usually Jameson in Canada Dry Ginger Ale). I drink very little in quantity - one shot of whiskey in soda, or just a little wine. I drink it to relax a little. (I can only take a little. I cannot get drunk - I get sick as a dog and throw up after a horrible night tossing and turning. I just take a little. :) ~Cindy! :)
possibly
No, you cannot. You have to be 21 to legally bring alcohol into the US even if its intended to be a gift for someone 21 or older. The alcohol has to be declared on your customs form. It will be confiscated by customs if you are not old enough to have alcohol in your possession. If you fail to declare the alcohol and it is found during a secondary inspection, then the alcohol will be confiscated and you face more serious sanctions which may include a substantial fine.
Weed is illegal
I agree with getting Jos  , and the Jack, but there is so much better vodka and rum that is probably cheaper or the same price. Belvedere is my personal favorite and should be around $19 for a 5th. Sailor Jerry&#x27<SEMCOL>s is also better than Captain and has a higher alcohol content. Its around $16 for a 5th. Jos   is cheap probably like $12 depending on the style. And I&#x27<SEMCOL>ve never actually bought Jack, but it shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t be more than $20. 500mL bottles should be fine but just price it out at the store if you can afford to get bigger bottles then go for it, but if you can&#x27<SEMCOL>t then get smaller.
Young lady alcohol does not invite you chose to disrespect it you choose to do it...my god wine and vodka ...I am not surprised you threw up. When you have a drink stick to that type and never mix unless you are a seasoned guzzler. Even for me mixing wine and vodka and then having something sweet will show me the stars and stripes in a fashion I would hate the next morning.
Hi from France ? The effects of this take alcohol and medication at the same time are known : they can cause death ! You are lucky to be still alive ! Best Cat.
That stuff is out of your bloodstream within a day. Might still be in your fatty tissue, but youll be just fine.
none
You are definitely not alone, but your comparison to poison may be closer to truth than you realize. Alcohol is toxic to the human body when it gets above the tolerance level of the individual who consumes it. Each of us has a different body make-up and it is affected by the environment as well as genetics and many factors influence our tolerance to chemicals of all sorts.. If your body has a particular sensitivity to alcohol or any given substance, whether it came by way of genetics or developed later in life, then tolerance may be very low or nil, so for you, alcohol may literally be a poison even in relatively small quantity. There is no upside in experimentation because, excepting where it used in some medications, alcohol is not a necessary thing in your diet, so it would probably be best for you to stay away from it completely.
No, your breath is tested to show how much alcohol you have taken, not to see what effect it has on your behaviour.
Josh, your question is NOT silly and does have some merit! Heres how it goes... There are different kinds of alcohol. Most rubbing alcohol is 70% isopropyl alcohol which kills many, but not all germs (?bacteria). If you drink it, you die as it is lethal, especially to the liver. A few rubbing alcohols did contain 70% ethanol alcohol which kills bacteria and is the type of alcohol in drinking alcohol. For this to be effective the alcohol must be at least 70%. Alcohol of 70% = 140 proof. Most drinking hard liquor is only from 70 to 110 proof = 35% to 55% ethanol = too weak to be really and fully effective BUT it will help if theres nothing else available but soap and water or tincture of iodine. By the way, strong alcohol rapidly pulls water out of the normal tissues (it is hygroscopic) and can cause burns of the esophagus and stomach. I would prefer to wash the wound gently with soap and water, covered by a clean bandage, and drink the drinking alcohol. hic...:-))
Hard stuff, but I mix it. I hate beer, wine, and cider. The only stuff I drink of those is Bulmers Blackcurrant and Strawberry Lime Rekorderlig. I like mixing rum with coke, though it also tastes nice with tropical soft drink and lime cordial (you need the lime to make it sweet, otherwise it tastes savoury). And of course vodka with the usual lemon squash or orange juice. And cocktails. I do so love my cocktails.
First of all, its not very logical to make a comparison between recreational drugs and medication that you are given to improve your health. Also, just because you cant "feel" the effect of something does not mean that its not having an effect on you. The bottom line is that you should not drink if thats what the doctor tells you. Its just for a little while after all. If its that hard for you to go without drinking, you may want to consider that you have a drinking problem.
If he has any of these symptoms call the hospital http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/alcohol-poi   
Sorry, but theres probably no way to hide it. The best you could do is replace what you drank with water but if you drink enough the different taste would be very obvious to your mother and youll probably get in trouble. Go out and buy your own and avoid the situation entirely because you wont get away with it.
I get the same weird statements or looks when I say I dont drink. People are so used to drinking as a social norm that they make the asinine assumption that, if you dont imbibe, you must be an alcoholic. Years ago, I drank socially but I found as I got older, I just didnt care for the feeling of having a buzz or worse...having too much to drink. I wonder if she worries about her own "usual glass of red wine" drinking and feels the need to transfer that onto others. I, personally, use these things as funny little stories to tell friends and family who know me...its good for a chuckle.
Strawberry Smirnoff is amazing! Especially mixed with lemonade or even diet sprite. Theres a bunch of different Smirnoff vodka fruit flavors like citrus, raspberry, lime, orange etc so you can be creative. I personally dont like Captain or Bacardi too much, and in my experience, Parrot Bay never gets me that drunk. You can get a lot of fruity vodkas for under $20. A 750 ml of Smirnoff is like $10 at Walmart! You can get pretty drunk from those (and if youre worried about calories just use diet pop)
If you ingested rubbing alcohol, you need to call the poison control number: 1-800-222-1222
I know it sterilizes things, kills off bacteria and such, so I would assume dirt comes under bacteria, but Im not too sure. Since your underarms and face are sensitive, I wouldnt use it in those places.
I dont think the alcohol did anything to it. It is just likely still growing. Sounds like a staph-like boil. I would get some polysporin and lance it if it comes to a head. It could also be a blot clot if you hit yourself there recently.
So what? If you dont want to drink, then dont. If you want to, try it. Then decide whether you even like the taste of alcohol, cause a lot of people dont, but they dont admit it.
none
ABC shots. Absinth, Bacardi and any other spirit starting with c
noone... simply the law changed 1 years ago...
Who ever told you using rubbing alcohol is good with piercing/stretched ears is an idiot. You should never use rubbing alcohol or hydrogen peroxide and all of that should not be used as its too harsh. If its on your skin it will kill the regenerating cells (white blood cells) and will take longer to heal, not to mention it makes your lobes incredibility dry. Your best bet is doing sea salt soaks which you can buy it in food markets, Walmart,Target,Walgreens, or Shoprite. Make sure its Non-idolized sea salt. Pre-heat some water and add a couple of table spoons of sea salt and mix. If you have a shot glass itll be much easier to dip your lobes and wait for 5-8mins per ear.
none
i dont know dude if i were you i would go see a doctor and stay away from alcohol you might have developed some disease
Because the alcohol makes you so dehydrated, you must rehydrate. If you have sports drinks like Power-Ade handy, those work well. It does help to get up, move around and also to eat a hearty breakfast. A hint for when you drink. Have a full glass of water between each alcoholic drink, even if it is a shot. This will do 2 things, help keep you hydrated and slow down the amount of alcohol you are drinking. I do wish you well.
Well, yes, of course he is. I can only offer two suggestions that might help. One is that theres an organization called Alateens that helps teens with alcoholic parents. The other is that many successful people came from awful childhoods, including alcoholic parents. If you read some biographies of people you admire, you may find that they overcame backgrounds like yours.
It&#x27<SEMCOL>s always often said that it&#x27<SEMCOL>s not safe at all but I think that if it&#x27<SEMCOL>s only all natural melatonin you&#x27<SEMCOL>ll be fine. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s natural and with that said shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t interact w the alcohol. Now the clonodine may interact and suppress your breathing, this causing death. I&#x27<SEMCOL>d be careful an if it&#x27<SEMCOL>s absolutely necessary I&#x27<SEMCOL>d do the meleto in and to be extra safe take a low dose. Good luck and take care.
none
Average 80 to 100 proof or 40% and 50%
nope
Alcohol is an important solvent and reactant in many aspects of organic chemistry. Would muslims really object to being involved in the production or sale of alcohol for industrial or research purposes? Were not talking about drinking the stuff here. Or are muslims really that blinkered? Or have they blundered into a clever trap set by John? Either way, its quite funny.
Recovering alcoholics never stop missing alcohol. Theyll crave it until they die.
"Do not drink alcohol if you   re taking some types of painkillers (analgesics), such as: 1. Strong painkillers 2. Prescription-only painkillers It may be safe to drink alcohol with some painkillers that can be bought over the counter (OTC), as long as you: 1. Check the patient information leaflet that comes with the medicine 2. Take the correct dose of your medicine 3. Do not drink more than the recommended daily limits of alcohol Aspirin and ibuprofen are available OTC without a prescription. Drinking a small amount of alcohol while taking aspirin or ibuprofen is usually safe as long as you follow the advice above. Taking more than the recommended dose of aspirin or ibuprofen increases the risk of irritation to your stomach lining. This risk is increased further if you drink more than the recommended daily limits and may lead to bleeding from the stomach. If you have liver or kidney problems, do not take aspirin or ibuprofen unless your GP tells you it is safe to do so. Children under 16 should not take aspirin". In summary, if you did not drink too much, nor took too much ibuprofen, then you should be fine. There certainly is a risk but it is quoted as being "usually safe". Once you head over the recommended amounts of alcohol which will depend on your body, the daily limit and the amount of drug you took (sounds like you took the recommended amount though) then the risk starts to jump in terms of issues as with stomach bleeding. If you start to experience any abnormal symptoms get to a doctor.
You are just a young idiot who overdid it. Go to sleep. Wake up tomorrow<SEMCOL> eat some toast, and take some ibuprofen for the headache. If you had alcohol poisoning, you would be unconscious.
If you want to stop drinking there is a solution to stop drinking. Ask yourself 1 question, once you start drinking can u stop after a drink. If not sure try it. If you can Quit drinking and see a doctor. If not go to Alcoholics anonymous website, find a meeting and go to one. I used to want to kill myself, I did not want to live. I drank excessively. Today due to the program I dont have to live that way anymore. There is a solution to it if u want it. You may call me anytime to talk. 312 399 4166
Your interest in Islam is very amusing.
you should at least tell your parents that "derek" (if he is your sibling) drinks
Your daughter is an adult, she should be responsible for her own actions. If he had tied her hands and forced the booze down her throat I could say he would be responsible but it sounds as if she actually took the drinks into her own hands and fed them to herself. If he were serving her cat turds do you think she would eat them? It also sounds like she may have a "pill" problem. Dont be like my sons ex GFs mom, It was never her Amys fault. Amy stole checks and forged signatures to get money for her addiction, even from her own mom. But her mom could always point the finger at someone else. Well, long story short, Amy died of a drug overdose in the upstairs bedroom at her moms house. So if it is a finger your looking to point, point it in the right direction. Take a good hard look at your daughters behavior and how she was raised and the values she has instilled in her. Some folks say it this way, "the apple doesnt fall too far from the tree."
You drank too much and vomited. Stop looking for other answers.
none
The pomegrantes are fermenting in the air-tight container. If you knew how to make wine, I suppose you could add some yeast, let it continue to ferment, and make you some pomegrante wine. Eating the seed is not going to hurt you. Adding just water to the pomegranates is not going to make wine, but you could drink it as it is, right now. Its not going to kill you, but you will probably wish it had. Its going to knock your socks off (if thats what youre looking for) and its going to make you sick as a dog. Youre going to end up with a sick hangover that you think will NEVER end!
did the doctors bother to tell you to take probiotics later? Ill bet not. then you likely have a candida/yeast overgrowth alcohol gets converted to sugar, and if you got a yeast problem that drinking will make it worse never forget, when you take antibiotics, it kills good and bad bacteria in your gut, and you have to put the good bacteria back in the gut as soon as possible or the yeast will get out of control and can cause all kinds of weird issues. we need a balance of bacteria in the gut...never forget that. Id go see an Osteopath or a doctor of nutrition to help guide you to solving this issue best wishes
Why would you buy it from ebay? No way are you going to get a better price after shipping, and you have to wait. A passport is ID. Depending on what State you or the seller are in it may be illegal to ship it. Also the USPS, FedX and UPS are not in the business of verifying age.
You are in luck, I found this article about how rubbing alcohol is made. How Is Isopropyl Alcohol Made? http://www.ehow.com/how-does_5574730_iso   
none
Wouldnt that be cool, eh? A half-price liquor store thats open twenty-four-seven is the best idea anyone has ever heard of. And they sell smokes really cheap. Kind of makes you wonder why nobody has thought of that before, doesnt it? Its because your drivers licence and plate number are recorded, and if you and your vehicle dont cross into the USA they know something is up right away. Then the CCRA comes looking for you, and it wont take them long to find you. Youve heard of those times the RCMP and CSIS and even the CIA got their fingers slapped for breaking the rules and overstepping their authority, right? Or how about all that stuff you heard about the KGB back in the communist Russia days, where they could secretly interrogate anyone at any time and they answered to nobody? Well, all those guys are total girl scouts compared to the CCRA. CCRA is the tax man, and nobody has more authority than the tax man. They cant abuse their authority, because they have unlimited authority. Theyre allowed to probe into every detail of your life, every transaction for every amount, and theyre allowed to make up assumptions when theres no paper or computer record. Youre not innocent until proven guilty with them, not guilty until proven innocent, youre just guilty. Thats why nobody does it.
Hmm, neither. I cant say I really like the taste of alcohol (I only like it in those brandy chocolates) and I dont drink to get drunk. I dont drink at all actually.
regular drinking is not and damages your organs and chemical balance in your body, but occasionally after a meal i think it can be beneficial to drink a small amount and it cuts fats in foods .. also most packaging especially in beer contains alot of BPA and other estrogenic compounds that will eventually ruin your body in and of itself .. so bottom line is if you think your doing your body a favor by getting smashed all the time youre kidding yourself ...
none
Some racing engines have used "alky fuel " as in drag racing applications where the engine is ONLY going to be run for short period of time, less than a few minutes. In other forms of racing, such as at Indianapolis, the fuel is a mix of alcohol and other chemicals. It requires a completely different engine tuning set up, with different carbs or injectors and fuel pumps, as alcohol is thinner than gasoline, and very corrosive as a motor fuel. Alcohol fuel burns VERY hot, and is highly flammable and dangerous to use. Besides all lf the other problems I have mentioned.... do you have any idea how much alcohol as a motor fuel would cost ? A lot. Not a workable idea. On a slightly different note, did you know that both sides in WW2, used nitrous oxide boost on their fighter plane engines ?? It was a 10 pound bottle, under the pilots seat, connected to a dashboard switch. If the pilot was in a desperate situation he could "put on the boost " to get away, but only for a very few minutes, as too much boost would burn out the crankshaft bearings. That 10 pound bottle was only good for about 5 minutes, to "get out of Dodge ". Jim B Toronto.
It wouldnt kill you but dont do that. Drink a glass or two of water before you pass out, hydration is the key. Carbon from burnt toast really helps with my hangovers too, always drink water even when you wake up hungover it helps. Never want to mix pills of any kind with alcohol
You get caught - you pay the price. Obviously youre too young as you already know. A beer or two will probably turn into four to six, so on and so fourth. And dont tell me this will never happen to me. It sure isnt going to do any good for your liver. Stop now while youre still young. I hate to think that youre driving while drinking and wind up killing someone because you think youre a big boy.
none
Im currJ  germeisterJ  germeistertly enjoying an Angry Orchard hard cider, which is vegan. Whiskey: Jack Daniels, Jameson, Makers Mark Tequila: Patr  n, Jos   Cuervo Vodka: Absolut, Kettel One, Svedka, Burnetts is awful but cheap and vegan. Liquers: J  germeister, Di Amore Amaretto Check http://www.barnivore.com/ to see if any of your favorites are vegan.
In my state you can get a DUI for prescription medicine.
Like proponents of pot,you are way off in your statement that pot is less destructive.Pot has been proved to cause mental issues including bipolar disorder.It also can lead to strong & more dangerous drugs whereas alcohol doesnt have that effect.I have seen too many lives ruined that began with smoking pot,believe me it can & does happen.
^ dumbass. Trust me if it were possible to get high off secondhand weed smoke I would never have to buy any. Your point is invalid
Not a good combination as they accentuate the effects of each other.
none
Where do you buy corn that you get a choice of varieties? You only need sugar to make alcohol. You use corn to get a corn flavor, so taste the corn and see if you want a hootch that tastes like that. With sugar being so much cheaper than corn, it doesnt make much sense to me.
none
chick drinks. While there are some beers which have hints of chocolate, this doesnt mean they are chocolate flavored. So what you want are chick drinks designed to get women drunk. I suggest Kahlua or Baileys Irish Creme based drinks like mudslides or white russians.
Beer is generally pretty safe - but if your boyfriend is drinking large amounts of strong lager then he might develop a dependence. But more likely would it be for him to switch to spirits if all he wants is the alcohol. Why dont you try to change his behaviour by suggesting that the two of you go to the local pub and drink only pints of cask-conditioned beer (Real Ale)? That way you will enjoy both the taste of good beer and the conviviality of a pub without suffering the loneliness of solitary drinking from cans.
you need to give her a hug and tell her you love her0
Alcoholism is an addiction, and addicts find ways to funnel money into feeding their addiction. That could be illegal or prescription drugs, gambling or unnecessary spending like from a TV network shopping show. It is sad to pay the addict for a job well done, only to have that money be wasted on the addiction, thrown away from the non addicts perspective. Some addicts fuel the addiction with loans and illegal activity. Manipulation is a common thread. If it is all their money depends on concomitant factors as there could be a mental disorder or developing and ongoing brain deterioration. So that, some end up on the streets homeless, but begging for money which is then spent on alcohol. If you wish to study alcoholism as a disease, you can research that aspect. If you wish to consider it as human weakness, you are going against the modern tide, as that is not the prevailing view nowadays. There are degrees of this disease. Some have jobs and families and lots of money, and some are on the street. Therefore, no one statement covers all addicts behaviors and statuses. One thing seems true to a high degree. That addicts who quit have relapses. If you wish to learn about it and hear them speak, find an open meeting for AA in your community. Go with a friend. http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles    http://www.aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?pa    http://www.nytimes.com/ref/health/health   
none
Matt, what youre really asking for is what your own limits should be, and youre wondering about your own confusion. Your dad hasnt given you much guidance about either subject, or any at all. Your mom has set some limits about drinking, and youre not sure about whether you like that. The legal drinking age wherever you live is probably 18, but that doesnt mean youre ready for light social drinking. Its not true that people drink only to get drunk. Drinking in moderation can be a pleasure and a traditional social activity among friends. THATS NOT THE QUESTION HERE THOUGH, MATT. You dont need to drink at all now, Its a bad idea now, until you can see your own situation with more clarity and deal with it effectively. Alcohol will only make that harder. Are you depressed, or anxious? Worried? Do you feel bad about yourself, or lack confidence? Chances are you do, because children of alcoholics almost always develop some of these problems. The reason is that an alcoholic parent does not give a child a realistic, consistent view of the world and people, or of himself and others. Alcoholics are erratic, vastly different at different times, and that confuses their children greatly. By the way, it makes no different how slick or smooth or crafty or smart an alcoholic may think he is Children see through that. Matt, I recommend you see a counselor or a psychotherapist. If you cant afford to pay yourself, ask your nearest hospital for information. You may love your dad (and I hope you do), and he may be a wonderful man, but he has a serious problem thats affected you. Before you go any farther, I want you to take care of this one, all right? When you understand both your parents and you can see whats happening with them with more objectivity, you will come more and more into your own. Forget about drinking, OK? Dont smoke dope or do drugs, either. Now come back later and tell us how its working out. Good luck, Matt. Im a psychotherapist and have been for many decades.
all alkanols can be dehydrated to form a alkene. Alcohol is a sub group of the broader range of alkanol
Because lots of 8-15 year olds use Yahoo! Answers (I dont know why). Those topics are too sensitive for that age range to see. So they probably just clump such questions under "Personal" topics or the like.0
This is great news! Livers are a resilient organ. Mine has been taking a beating for years and its probably fine. Your major concern should be developing a dependency on alcohol at such a young age and how to manage that dependency so you can be functional and still drink heavily. Here is a link with some tips for drinking at work, or in your case at school http://www.cracked.com/blog/5-tips-drink   
That will strictly be up to the policy of the person selling you the alcohol. They are not required to vend to you without a current legal valid id. They may or may not.
none
The same thing happens to me. Turns out our bodies cant break down acetaldehyde (a substance produced when alcohol is digested) very well. Read this article! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/articl   
Heres the thing, you cant equate alcohol with cigarettes. A glass of wine, a beer at a game does not constitute drunkenness. Wine and beer, for instance, enters the body and is utilized (aside from the alcoholic content) as food. When people without self-control abuse alcohol, then you have the problems you mentioned if those people are so inclined. Now, when we speak of smoking thats a whole nother subject. Every time one lights up and takes a drag, the gases, tar, nicotine enters the body and begins to do damage. You leave yourself open to a host of different cancers besides lung cancers. There is no nutritive value in smoking and it is harmful as second-hand smoke to innocent bystanders. Heres another thought. You can have one drink, but Ive not known too many people that will stop at one cigarette.
Sure. When you have a short lunch break and not enough time to tie one on. Then Marijuana is the answer.
Yes, those are symptoms of alcoholism. Not much you can do, really. The change from alcohol addiction has to come from within. Sometimes a stay in a rehab center can help, but usually the alcoholic will return to using quite quickly. (I know this from my own personal experience.) Shuts himself off ---> depression He wants that sex or sexting ... when you ignore him, he grabs the bottle of booze again. He wants what *he* wants ~ doesnt seem very concerned about your thoughts, wants, or needs.
Its better to wait til the alcohol has left your system
none
Okay bear with me. Since you still have the upper hand and your marriage is still pretty new.. and i think you should hit him where it hurts and leave for a week.. plan it out.. go do something nice take some spending money and leave your phone off! I know it will be sososos difficult.. but you need to challenge him.. If you knew you can be late to work everyday and knew that saying sorry each time to your boss.. he would forgive and forget.. everyday... what then would stop you from being late.. the power of your boss is taken away. Leave. Let him see what he fears with no contact w you.. because relationships take work not just by one person and later down the road he and you will have to fight and contribute equally but if he changes into another person.. what then? After the week is up take that power to help your husband make two conditions therapy(because he is does not happy within himself due to the past) and AA.. I was there once for a project and wow.. powerful. Good luck i will pray for you
I was hoping another avatar would answer your question but I guess not. Here is the website of the Rui Santa Fe Hotel resort below and it mentions that it has local and imported beverages served 24 hours a day including tequila in another review. At the bars and pools they have table tennis, 2 floodlit hard surface tennis courts, beach volleyball court and 1 introductory scuba diving lesson in the pool. They also have other activities at an additional charge. You will like the great reviews on the other two links and enjoy your vacation in Baja California Sur. http://www.riu.com/en/Paises/mexico/los-   
if I were making them I would usr 70 oz of alcohol and mix it with the jello. about 6 packs of jello.
Theres nothing wrong with a few drinks, but only you know your limit- if you feel you are consuming more than you want too, then maybe join a support group? I know a recovering alcoholic, might not work for everyone but one of the steps they did was to buy alcoholic free beer, same taste (more or less) and it wasnt harmful. Try and go out more, for walks, to meet people or to visit family, anything to keep your mind occupied should help. Also when you are at home, get rid of any alcohol and replace them with other drinks, so you have no choice but to drink them instead!
For most places you are not required to know anything about the bottles. If they need you to know then it will be taught to you. What they want is competent and usually beautiful people to be bottle servers.
none
The issue is that both alcohol and ibuprofen reduce the production of chemical (cyclooxygenase) that is involved in inflammation and the renewal of your stomach lining and the synthesis of clotting compound (thromboxane). So, either one will reduce your ability to clot, and the two together will especially reduce your ability to clot. Either one will reduce the constant renewal of your stomach lining, and the two together will especially reduce the renewal of your stomach lining. Your stomach contains hydrochloric acid, which is strong, so you need your stomach lining to be constantly renewing itself. You can drink it with the Ibuprofen. You might have some stomach discomfort as the acid wears away at the stomach lining. If you do this regularly, the acid could break through the stomach lining, which we call a stomach ulcer. The double problem is that because your clotting is reduced, you have a higher chance of it becoming a bleeding ulcer, which is a bad thing. One time, youll be fine. Dont make a habit of it.
how should we know? seriously - you need to ask her yourself. Any answers by us is pure speculation.
You never got any answers to this because you didnt bother to provide any details. We dont know if youre inviting 30 or 100. We dont know if your budget is $2000 or $10,000. As for alcohol, most venues provide it. Are you saying you want some kind of place that lets you provide your own catering? Next time you ask, pay attention to details. Even your title is sort of incoherent.
You could be but you are not. Your drinking is normal and of little consequences toward alcoholism. Forget about the misleading and biased diatribe from the one or two people that visit this site with negative views on alcohol. Drink and have fun but be smart in all your choices.
DDS nailed it. Interesting (to me) side note: Id read an article that suggested that if Tylenol (paracetamol, acetaminophen) were to be introduced to market today, it would be rejected. Effective? Yes. Safe? Not so much.
He might say he wont drink, but lets be honest here. Even the best of kids can succumb to peer pressure. Would you be able to forgive yourself if anything happened to him? Even if he stayed sober, what if he stupidly got in a car with someone who had been drinking?
asd - First important comment is "Has you mono been accurately diagnosed by lab testing?" If so, then you may be aware that mono (also called infectious mononucleosis or "kissing disease") is caused by a virus. It can last from 3 weeks to several months and produce great tiredness. Most worrisome is when the virus greatly, sometimes dangerously enlarges the spleen and rarely may cause rupture with trauma. Because "drinking" alcohol tends to make people dizzy and tired, it would be wise to avoid drinking any alcoholic beverages until your mono is completely gone. The choice is yours.
You should wait three years. Youre clearly not ready yet.
Alcohol itself has a strong taste. Anyone who has ever tasted real alcohol will not confuse non-alcoholic drinks with alcoholic drinks. What you have is training wheels for drinkers. Why do you need something that looks like real wine but doesnt have alcohol? If you want to drink something, drink some juice. Dont pretend it is wine.
Keep it at 21....nothing sadder than all these kids killing themselves in DUIs on prom night. And they should raise the legal voting age to 21 too, since no one should have to vote without being able to drink at the outcome!
When youre trying to conceive, youre supposed to live your life the way you would as if you were already pregnant. However, if your wifey would like to have 1 single beer, (possibly 2) that would be acceptable and will most likely not cause any harm to the process. She should take an early pregnancy test in the morning, but even if its negative, she may have just tested too early.
Legal limit where you are considered intoxicated is 0.08%. He blew nearly 3 times that.
A wedding is a celebration of two people who chose to be together. If one of them cant celebrate for some reason, then what is the point of celebrating with that? He cant drink, and your family dislikes alcohol. The end. Do not have alcohol.So many other ways to celebrate! Spend the money on a nice variety of soft drinks, or upgrade the qulity/quantity of your food! And yes, people will gripe, and people will carry flasks, and people will be drunk when they get there. Not your problem. Fundamentalists do not serve alcohol at their weddings. My Baptist friend did not, her daughter did not. And no one thought amiss. No, your wedding will not be boring. Keep the music lively. Brief the groomsmen and bridesmaids in advance to keep an eye out for wallflowers. Circulate and talk to your guests.
you will be charged with BOTH of them
sweet wines,riesling,gewurstramine rmuscato,late harvest "frost wines",,also pinot grigio/gris is good introductory fruity wine.need not be expensive.
none
none
Any liquid can be tested - but the cost is much more than it would cost you to replace the drink. Chuck it down the sink and, when you buy another bottle, keep it locked away once its been opened.
Youre quite right. It was stupid of you to do. You cant control yourself. You shouldnt be playing with alcohol. Please remember that the next time you are with your so-called friends who just sat and watched you drink yourself nearly to death.
Yes, you have probably damaged the nerves of your heart through your drinking. It was likely the depressing of your breathing reflex, caused by the alcohol (a Central Nervous System depressant) that create an oxygen shortage that damaged the nerves of your heart. If you quit drinking now, you will probably avoid further damage and not experience arrhythmias until you are older (even without drinking .. more so IF you drink). I experience oxygen shortages due to undiagnosed sleep apnea, and now I have bouts of arrhythmia that lay we out for 12-20 hours at a time. If I don`t lay down, I faint. I can never commit myself to anything that I must show up for, because I never know if I can make it. I cannot travel abroad because the arrythmias carry a risk of stroke, and I do NOT want to have a stroke in a foreign country. I can hold down a job, but I am absent often enough that my lost time has to come out of my holiday time, and so I never get holidays except when I am laid flat by my heart. Medical science has no solution for it, and going to the hospital to get my heart shocked back to normal (cardiovesion) doesn`t work. It`s a good thing I was already married .. because no one will date someone who keeps on cancelling dates. Even if it`s a good reason, people are looking for companions, not people they have to nurse. So .. honey .. don`t mess with your heart, or it messes up your life. If your heart does not like you drinking, listen to it. Or things will get worse. Yes, I understand getting nervous and freaking out .. it feels very life-threatening. Over time, you get used to it and you learn coping skills to help relax while it`s going on.
Alcohol is a poison. It`s not surprising that you feel this way with it. Your body is telling you that it does not handle this poison well, and this is a danger signal. Obviously, you shouldn`t be drinking ..at least not drinking as much as you do (even if the quantity you drink is small, it is too much for your particular body). Each human body is unique. Some people cannot handle alcohol at all. So instead of getting drunk, find some other way to release your tension. And instead of trying to blur your discontent, find more-constructive ways to handle it.
Statistically you should have a healthier life - no guarantees of a long and disease free life - but better if even marginally. A glass or red wine or a beer a day is not unhealthy - and there are some studies that suggest it is actual beneficial. Risk/Reward is a personal choice.
Most people drink it to relax ... it is an addictive depressant which gets into the bloodstream quickly and into every organ in the body. It is socially acceptable ... thats why people do it. They ignore what it is doing to their body and organs and what it does to those around them. I used to go out with my friends and drink one vodka and 7UP then switch to just 7UP which looked the same. So if you do go out with them you could just drink a clear pop and they would never know the difference. The bigger problem with drinking in a group is what they can put into your drink when you are not looking ... some of those can be deadly within seconds...
everybodys different, and thats okay! nobody says you have to like it. i also come from a family of heavy drinkers, and ive never liked the alcohol taste. i never acquired or grew into it, either, and im twice your age. no matter what its mixed with, youll always be able to taste the alcohol, and itll always suck. when your friends and family are having drinks, try having the virgin version -- theyre much tastier. they wont get you drunk, but thats overrated, anyway!
none
none
none
none
Ill try to keep it simple. If you need to ask, its probably not a good idea, right? Sounds like a terrible idea in the first place, if I was the parents Id walk downstairs randomly, and eventually Id see or smell it, pretty simple to do. Not like Ive never gone drinking underage, but you cant control the stupidity of other people, whether or not you are yourself.
I would wait 6 hours from when you took them last. Hope this helps. ~Mr Rochey~
As far as stomach bloat and gastroenteritis, the alcohol will have the worse consequence.
Whenever I see inane drivel such as this it tells me just how far we have to go as a specie.
Its a blast especially at happy hour. Next time post in the health section. Here all we care is that you get enough beer, wine, and spirits to drink. Eat, drink, and dont marry.
vodka and OJ vodka and cranberry juice vodka and grapefruit juice champainge and OJ champainge and pinapple juice (good with vodka too) champainge and peach juice
none
EtG is an ethyl alcohol metabolite. It is not alcohol. Unless you eat/ingest hand-sanitizer, or other forms of ethanol/aka booze, EtG will not be present.
it maybe... Between 1300 hrs and 0100 hrs the next day I drank 52 oz of rum but I am Canadian and a 6 foot plus male at 240 lbs...
starting to drink as young as you did may have muted your tolerance or maybe you have an allergy to beer or you could be diabetic... or a lot of people with North American Native blood may not have the ability to handle beer at all as it has only been part of their lives for 200+ years Westerners have been drinking booze for over 3000 years. it is one reason White man and their fire water was able to sell massive land deals for some glass beads and the odd rifle... I would look at seeing a doctor about it.
We in medicine lecture people constantly about not drinking alcohol, but the reality of it is people drink. A buprenorphine patch distribitutes the drug *very* slowly, so the amount of drug on board to be harmful is minimal -- if you use your head. Limit the drinks to one or two, and ring in the new year safely. I might add that taking medication orally, where a large dose is dumped into your system is a different story. The least risk with alcohol is a patch. Source: I am a pharmacist
I think there are two factors: (1) You can easily test for alcohol inebriation in drivers on the road using a breathalyzer. No such reliable tests exist for THC, and to prove that someone is driving under the influence of marijuana would require blood tests. Developing a quick, reliable roadside test is one of the last remaining barriers to marijuana legalization. (2) The pharmaceutical industry has a huge lobby (1,274 registered lobbyists in Washington D.C and spent $2.6 billion on lobbying activities from 1998 through 2012 according to OpenSecrets.org), and they have a keen interest in keeping marijuana outlawed. If people started smoking or otherwise using marijuana products, the people would stop purchasing their pills and medicines. Additionally, there is the reversal of a lot of myths, lies, and misinformation that has propagated about marijuana and THC in general. It is a slow and momentous task to change the way generations of people were taught, and how they think. Public opinion on marijuana legalization is moving overwhelmingly in favor of legalization though, and has been one of the fastest shifts on an issue weve seen. 10 years ago around 30% of the country supported marijuana legalization, today that is over 50%.
That depends on how you define success. It is best to have a professional there to conduct the intervention. You need to have treatment ready to start right away--and with todays insurance system that can be a challenge. So talk to a drug and alcohol treatment facility to see what services they provide. Once you get the alcoholic/addict to treatment, the success is up to them. They have to break through their own denial system, put their heart and mind into recovery. If they are spiritually inclined, they will find a lot of support in the 12-step programs. I also recommend that the family members go to Al-Anon and any family programs provided by the treatment center. Best wishes for a happier, healthier 2014.
none
Hold your breath for shots, its hard to mix drinks to where you hardly taste it without it being watered down.
none
none
Yes, try looking it up yourself next time. Its not hard, go to google and type in your question.
Well yes. But its true of everyone. Alcohol basically scrambles the brains chemistry. Such fun!
Besides the things mentioned already, the combination would also be pretty hard on the stomach, which could lead to an ulcer or GI bleed.
not much. While alcohol does evaporate more quickly than water it isnt that much quicker. The alcohol percentage probably hasnt changes at all and only very little if it did.
Take it easy and see how you feel. You are pretty dehydrated probably, so drink lots of water too, or you will have a killer headache.
Are you sure you need to be making more alcohol when you cannot spell "recipe" or "strong" while sober?
Take it easy. Go low and little, so that you keep your head. There is no need to be a stupid drunk, and there is rarely another kind. LadyC, not everyone lives with the laws you do, and there is no felony in it. Even in the US there would not be a felony in most cases, unless perhaps there was a death as a result.
A combination of lots of water, exercise, cranberry juice or cystex, pickles (for the vinegar), and niacin should work. On its own niacin isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t terribly reliable. good luck.
Okay so first I would worry about finding the person who drugged and raped you. But as to your actually question, yeah youre fine. Drinking and taking the plan B pill at the same time even wont actually make it less effective.
If its just a little rum, then youll be fine. If you have 15 alcoholic drinks in an hour, thats the sort of thing that will kill you. Normally, 15 alcoholic drinks in an hour would seem excessive. The problem with caffeine is that it makes it more likely that youll drink 15 alcoholic drinks in an hour, since you wont feel the effect of the alcohol as quickly. Its especially problematic since some caffeinated alcoholic drinks contain as much alcohol as several shots. So you can get up to 15 shots pretty quickly, by drinking several of those mixes in a short period. But as long as youre just drinking a little alcohol, youll be fine. Even if you mix it with caffeine.
sounds like you may have bladder issues their are meds out there that help with your problem you have to see a dr for this and i would do so as soon as you can cause you dont want anything to get in your way of something that gets attention
Cocktails: girlfriend time Wine: good food needs a good wine hard liquor (whiskey&#x2F<SEMCOL>bourbon&#x2F<SEMCOL>vodka&#x2F<SEMCOL>gi    when you just needed get really drunk really quickly Tequila: only good in margaritas, i don&#x27<SEMCOL>t care what anyone says that shizz is nasty... Beer: poor man&#x27<SEMCOL>s all of the above.
Say: this is good, but the Makers Mark is better.
This is the age where a lot of people start experimenting with those things, and those who dont now will most likely do so when they get to college in just a few years. The good news is that most of these same people do so in moderation and do not develop an addiction. They then start to grow out of it after they move past young adulthood. Dont tell your parents. Is your brother a drug addict or alcoholic? If the answer is "no", then theres no need to tell them. Youll understand when you get older (and will most likely start experimenting with alcohol yourself, just as your parents most likely did when they were younger).
See here for advice: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20090904131344AAeolOA Short answer - Dont do it. Also, alcohol is really high in calories. If you are trying to cut down on calories then I would decrease consumption of alcoholic beverages.
You did no planning ahead did you?
1. Eat Something. 2. Drink a lot of fluids, not just water but something with sugar, salt, etc. like Gatoraid or Pedialite or some sort of juice at the least. 3. Go to bed and wake up sober if hung-over. Dont take tylenol until morning.
It affects different people differently. We all have a different tolerance to alcohol. When I was younger, every one of my friends got totally stinking drunk their first or second time drinking. They threw up or passed out or both, and spent the night in the bathroom kneeling over the toilet. I never did because I was never a big drinker. Im still not. Have one drink. Drink slowly, sip dont gulp. Then see how you feel. You should feel one drink. Most people can handle two drinks without much trouble. Two drinks will not raise a normal persons blood alcohol level above the legal limit for driving. But see how you feel after one. Also, maybe I shouldnt say anything because it becomes a suggestion, but some people just cant drink, it makes them really sick. Another good reason to stop after one, at least for a while. Also a glass of wine, a bigger glass of beer, a mixed cocktail, or a shot, all have about the same amount of alcohol. The difference is that you take a shot all at once, while a beer, at the other end of the spectrum, can last half an hour or more.
Everything considered "taboo" by christians is a sin. It may not be written in the bible but they the stereotypes the evoke make things look as if their sins even though they arent stated in the bible, but no endorsed and accepted by wonderful christians. Ex. rock music short shorts goth dressing partying cussing
Maybe its the mixed drinks making you sick? Try drinking something else. Mix your own maybe. Spirits with diet soda? Or perhaps Celias arent meant to drink much? Maybe talk to tour GP or a nutritionist/dietician?
There is nothing you can take to make yourself less drunk. The best solution for someone drunk is to sleep it off. If youre afraid, sleep on your side and place a pillow behind your back so you wont roll over while asleep!
It WAS the alcohol - this sounds like a hangover. Theres no cure, just wait for it to pass off.
The drinks dont matter. How fast you drink them matters. When people are feeling wild, they drink tequila shots and get wasted. When theyre feeling calm, they sip red wine and get slightly buzzed. It isnt the drink that really matters. One drink will get you buzzed. Two drinks will make you stumble around, what adults call sloppy drunk. (If your parents see you, it will be very, very obvious to them.) Three drinks will make it hard for you to stand up on your own, and it might make you feel sick. Four drinks will make you vomit and possibly pass out. Make sure you eat something. Youre thin, so youre probably not used to eating. It is very important to eat while you drink. People make up stories about food "absorbing" alcohol, as if the food them jumps out of your stomach and takes the alcohol with it, but the reality is that alcohol inhibits the reaction called gluconeogenesis, which is how your body keeps your blood sugar up between meals. If you arent snacking, and with your gluconeogenesis inhibited by alcohol, your blood sugar will drop. You will feel terrible. So please eat something while you drink. Your body metabolizes about one drink an hour (extra water doesnt speed this up -- it happens in the liver, not the kidneys). So, have one drink. Twenty minutes later, have a second drink. This will leave you very, very buzzed and giggly. Forty minutes after this, you will still be buzzed. Thirty minutes after that you will be less buzzed. Thirty minutes after that, you will be sober. Please dont go overboard. Two drinks is plenty. Be aware that even your teetotalling parents will know you are drunk if they see you less than two hours after you have your two drinks.
You can probably drink three glasses of wine without throwing up. That is just a ballpark estimate. Beer has a much lower alcohol content than wine so it will take several more beers to make you drunk. Another factor that plays in is how much alcohol you can take. These are lightweights, medium weights, and heavy weights.
Not doing these things does not make you boring. You and everyone should be themselves and who they are, not what what others want you to be, you are your own keeper. This brings with it the benefits of being proud of who you are, happiness, contentment, and the simple satisfaction you need not blame others for your bad lifestyle. All that being said, I choose not to smoke, do drugs, drink, have tattoos, and body piercings except for my ears. This is me and who I am, and I am not boring in the least.
Its very difficult to make him stop. My Dad had a drink problem too and I used to tell him off about his drinking but he never stopped. He has to realized he has a problem and want to change his alcohol habits. Without this acknowledge its pretty taught. I am so sorry to sound so discouraging but that is how I see it, maybe one day he comes to his senses and becomes a different person. Nothing is impossible.
Paracetamol is like acetaminophen.... so yes is recommended to take after drinking. Just drink plenty of water and get some vitamins in ya as well.
You could try exercise classes that are held at night - self-defense, martial arts, etc.
Signs of jaundice and liver problems. You would be wise to stop drinking alcohol immediately and consult a doctor for tests. Alcohol is not the only toxin out there, Tylenol is also bad for the liver, however the symptoms you describe are unusual and point to a need for a medical workup to find the source and severity of your problem.
Using a cell phone damages brain cells, so does jumping on a trampoline. Many people enjoy drinking- I think it smells really nice, and I am educated on good liquors and wines so most of whatever I buy tastes really nice. It is relaxing, helps me sleep, and eases anxiety in social situations. Its a tasty way to celebrate holidays. Some alcohol- such as red wine- is good for you. The liver heals itself at a remarkable rate. Unless youre an alcoholic or a binge drinker, no lasting damage is done to the liver.
Well, lets see... 1) It takes a source of revenue away from organized crime. 2) Its easier to control access to minors. 3) Its easier to ensure that the product is not laced with dangerous substances. 4) It frees up the court system and the police force to worry about more important matters. 5) It takes away the stigma of a criminal record from casual users (who are about as dangerous as house cats). And I really cant think of a down side. Id say its about time.
I drink occasionally but, I know lots of people over the age of 21 who have never had a drink of alcohol. Whether for religious reasons, social reasons, or others. Many people choose not to drink.
none
The symptoms of alcohol poisoning are: stupor, unconsciousness, vomiting, seizures, slow/irregular breathing, and death. If your plan is to drink until you start to have any of these, you need a different plan, because youll be too out of it (stupor) or unconscious to notice or do anything about it. Once you get to a BAC of 0.20 to 0.29, you will be unconscious or so close to it that you wont be aware of what is happening. Thats about six drinks together at your sex and weight. (Women metabolize alcohol differently.) If you spread those drinks out, add one drink for every hour. Three shots and a daiquiri in a short period of time would leave you significantly intoxicated. Either you were too drunk to realize how drunk you were (which is common), or you spread the drinks out. Your liver metabolizes about one drink an hour, so if you did two shots and waited an hour before doing another shot and had a daiquiri an hour later, that would explain why you were not significantly buzzed. The key here is to not outrun your stomach. If you quickly down six shots, as you absorb the alcohol, you will be in a stupor (stupor is close to unconsciousness), and as you absorb more, you will be unconscious, and as you absorb more you might be dead. If you drink four shots quickly but wait on the last two shots, you will be too drunk (or possibly even unconscious) to have the last two shots. Beer is good because unless you start using a funnel, you dont drink it quickly. Shots make it easy to load your stomach with alcohol faster than you can absorb it, so wait at least 15 minutes between each round. And besides the possibility of vomiting, losing consciousness and dying (and dont forget the danger or getting raped or falling off a balcony when you are in a stupor or unconscious), it doesnt seem to be much fun to drink until youre nearly unconscious. That means no more than two drinks to start, then wait 15 minutes before you have another drink, and only add one drink at a time.
Dude, calm down. You probably just got a stomach ache because it was your first time drinking alcohol. Happens to everyone. If you continue to get stomach aches, tell your parents or consult a doctor, but Im sure its nothing.
You could try making your own liqer by mixing wine and rum and vodka, try 1l of good wine, about 200 g of sugar, boil it, so the sugar disolves and then put it off from the heat and add 100 mL of vodka and rum mixture and juice of a 1/2 lemon and juice of 1/2 orange. Cool well before drinking. Taste wine sugar mixture and add more sugar if necessary. You can also add cinamon and cloves to the wine while cooking. Or if you prefer warm drinks, you can simply make mulled wine. There are other beverages you can make too, just go easy on the amount of alcohol (snaps, vodka) you put in and dont be sparing on sugar. Heres another recepie you might like 300 g sugar, 4 dl water 1 vanilin sugar, boil it, when the sugar disolves completly take it off from the heat and add in 100 g dark or milk chocolate and 1 dl of rum, vodka or snaps, let the chocolate melt, then cool. You can serve it with a bit of whipped cream on top.
How about you stop being a shithead and obey your probation and stop drinking&#x2F<SEMCOL>smoking?
The liver cannot withstand prolonged alcohol abuse and, here, Im talking about cocktail business luncheons, the toasting to a newly signed contract, the happy hour after work, the Martini before dinner, the two wines with dinner, the Cognac after and the nightcap before slithering off to bed. On the other hand, the brain seems to fare well, despite the onslaught of abuse our society throws at it. State education, for example, television and the insidious advertising campaigns that sponsor the mind lulling shows, political campaigns during election times, the slack all sorts of experts give us about what to do and what not, (especially Doctors and Lawyers). So, in the end, Id say we are better off smoking a few joints or spliffs in one night - maybe twice a week to mellow out, rather than walk around for most of the day half sloshed, as most executives and corporate puppets do.
It is about the same volume of alcohol. beer is about 5 percent and whiskey is about 40 percent. The serving size of the drinks make them have the same amount of alcohol not the same percentage.
none
quite often the glass is also supposed to help regulate the portion and serving style of what drink you receive. If you get a Long Island, it should be in a tall glass because of all the different ingredients that go into it. Where as an equally large drink, a Margarita, should be served in a wide glass with a stem. One, because the rim is salted and you want to make sure you can get some of the salt in every sip. And two, you want to make sure that when you hold the glass you are not unnecessarily heating the drink. A drink like a captain and coke or seven-seven, can be served in any size glass because having too much of them isnt usually terrible. But for a complicated drink like a Sazerac it can come with complications in both mixing the drink and physically drinking it so they are usually served in a smaller glass. Specialty glasses such as an Absinthe glass actually serve as measuring tools to make the ideal drink. Long story short, lots of reasons.
none
Its 8%abv. Weaker than most table wines but stronger than most beers. Whether or not two cans will get a 14-year-old drunk depends on the size of the cans and the metabolism of the 14-year-old.
none
none
Try red or white wine. Also consider light beers such as Miller 64. With hard alcohol it is often what you add to it that causes the bloating - the mixers, sodas, sugar, etc. Sugar is one of the main culprits in bloating.
Lose control. lose your reputation. Get drunk, lose control. It is a choice that you may wear for the rest of your life. What is it worth to you?
Sounds like she has a couple problems and alcohol is one of them. You should talk to a school councelor and your dad. The sad thing is the damage to your emotional health she is causing. Do the responsible thing and do your best to get yourself out of this situation.
none
Do you mean this :Percent Composition: C 80.56%, H 7.51%, O 11.92% ?
@sebastyan I saw on one of your posts about shrooms in MN. Hmu :) delilahweed@hotmail.com
none
You can serve alcohol at 18.
So if you dont even know what you drank, that may be a problem. Common shooters are whisky and tequila, but since it was new years, it may hav been something mixed. Never drink somthing without knowing what it is. Also, dont do shots before u get used to alcohol. Whisky usually burns my throat more than other alcoholic drinks but that might be cause im more of a beer person
Now you know why Muslims always fight each other? Low spirits in their mind and soul. You are an idiot. go to Oman / UAE / Bahrain and you will see the bars filled by Arabs. Johny Walkers maximum sale (legally) is to SAUDI ARABIA. For every one container Saudi Arabians import, 10 containers are smuggled in. And where do they use?? clean your Kabaa?? Better understand your brethren well before you malign others.
none
Depending on your health, it takes your liver one hour to process the alcohol from 1 standard drink. A standard drink is a bottle of beer or a shot of grain alcohol/spirits or a glass of wine. For example if you to have 6 bottles of beer and 4 shots of any liquor. It would take your liver 10 hours to process all of the alcohol in your system. Hope this helps.
In Colorado at least, you do not need medical papers. You do need a valid and verifiable ID. Out of state residents are severely limited in the amount that they can buy
The people who answered need to find out what an EtG test is. They are wrong. There is a good chance you will fail, but if you say there wasnt even enough for a swallow maybe, maybe youll be okay. But seriously, why would you bother "tasting" such a small quantity? And if youre subjected to EtG tests why would you take any chances, especially around new years when its pretty obvious a lot of people who are court ordered to abstain from alcohol will possibly slip up? You can bet that they are testing as many people as possible today. People have failed from using hand sanitizer and mouthwash. It is a very sensitive test.
You mean 15 days later? No way. alcohol wouldnt even show up on a piss test 2 days later.. For future reference, the only substance that shows up on a urinalysis more than 4 days later is marijuana, which just became legal in some state.
You can legally purchase alcohol in another country if you are of age in that country, but you cannot import or bring in alcohol to the United States if you are under 21.
Still using old stuff for your acne? Get something new that works. One simple step that works to keep acne away. Vitamin B3 (Niacinamide) face pads help keep acne away by scrubbing open clogged pores, oily residues and exfoliation. Feel a pimple coming just wet a pad, place it on the pimple and remove it when dry. Sit back and watch pimple disappear. Works on body acne too. These pads also help reduce skin hyperpigmentation (acne scars). Try it and see the difference.0
I&#x27<SEMCOL>ve used rubbing alcohol on my face before, and I received the same results. It seems to dry out the blemishes, but overly dries out your skin. There are other products that work better. For example: Benzoyl Peroxide products are good for problem spots Tea Tree oil washes, and spot correctors work well. There are many spot correctors that can be found at your local drug store.
If you had alcohol poisoning, you would be suffering from extreme drought and terrible headaches, a feeling of listlessness and stomach pains. From what you have said, I would say no!!
Id say 18 :-)http://www.adviceguide.org.uk/scotland/work_s/work_young_people_s/young_people_and_employment_scotland.htm0
..maybe not an allergic reaction but it could be to much of it if not used to drink anything. Just relax, maybe lay down in your room and close your eyes. Start to sleep a bit and than after a while these feeling should be gone. No need to see an doctor, believe me..
Likely not long. It all depends on how big the bleed is. A day or less, as a general guide.
Alcohol leaves your system in around 24 hours. Marijuana typically stays in your system for about 30 days but it can be more or less depending on your body fat % and the frequency of usage. If you really arent sure, go to your local pharmacy or w.e and buy a piss test. I know for a fact CVS sells them. Id say youre fine but it never hurts to be sure.
Hello Chocolatelover, If I understood your question properly, you would like to know why aliphatic alcohols readily react with benzoyl chloride, in order to produce esters, but the same does not occur when phenol is to be attached to the benzoyl moiety. Well, the answer to this question is related to electron availability. An aliphatic alcohol has its oxygen directly attached to an sp   carbon, which is a less electronegative atom bound to other groups which, in turn, are usually less electronegative than oxygen. As a result, the carbon moiety works as a donating group towards oxygen and enrich the latter electron density. Hence, the nucleophilicity of the hydroxide group is enhanced and the oxygen atom is able to effectively attack benzyl chloride. Phenol, however, has its hydroxyl group directly attached to a benzene ring. Hence, the electronic pair responsible to attack benzoyl chloride is already involved in resonance structures with the benzene ring. This electronic resonance lowers the availability of this electronic pair, thus, phenol is a poorer nucleophile when compared to aliphatic alcohols. While these resonance structures virtually withdraw electron density from the phenolic oxygen, this atom keeps its intrinsic high electronegative, therefore, it makes the attached hydrogen more acidic than its counterparts found in aliphatic alcohols. Adding hydroxide ions, thus, allows the deprotonation of phenol, leading to a phenolate, a negatively charged ion which is more nucleophilic than its protonated analogue. In conclusion, the alkali is required to deprotonate the phenol in order to adjust its nucleophilicity so it can attack benzoyl chloride and proceed with the reaction. I hope I have been of assistance.
These are the top 4 Spirytus -- Proof: 192 (96% alcohol). Approved in 2010 to be sold in New York State, the Polish-made Spirytus vodka is the strongest liquor for sale in the U.S. Everclear -- Available in potency up to 95% alcohol by volume (190 proof), this stuff is banned from sale in 13 states in the U.S. Golden Grain -- Proof: 190 (95% alcohol). From the same makers as Everclear, and nearly identical in constitution, Golden Grain is the key ingredient in drinks with names like The Screaming Purple Jesus and Instant Death. It   s illegal in many states. River Antoine Royale Grenadian Rum -- Proof: 180 (90% alcohol). Made in Grenada. A clear rum distilled from fermented sugarcane juice using a waterwheel. Drink it neat (with a water chaser) Others that are well known or popular: Devil Springs Vodka -- 160 proof (80% alcohol by volume) vodka. Bacardi 151     This 151 proof rum is used for making rum-based cocktails stronger, and lighting your shots on fire before downing them. Absinthe     144 proof, this potent potable is typically consumed mixed with water. Banned from sale in the United States in 1913.
yes, it will stay fresh for a long time, make sure the flask is clean and well sealed.
You can order your drink by name and say . Most bartenders know that means non alcoholic. Best is to walk up to the bar order it yourself though. Ask the bartender straight out to make it look "real". Theyre used to it.
No you dont the reason you was throwing up so much was because you mixed your drinks and drank them very quickly... Next time drink a pint of water inbetween each drink.. I think it might of been the martini with soda cream
Your answer is contained in the article Ive linked to about the 18th Amendment.
Look on The Knot or Wedding wire - but keep in mind that you will not (presumably) be eating all the food at the reception. You are better off finding a place that does have a list of caterers they work with, or inhouse catering- and then have someone make you up a plate of simple things you would want to eat. Actually, a lot of brides dont even end up eating much at their own receptions - but a wedding reception is given to the wedding guests, not the wedding couple, and since you wont be eating their meals, you may not want to add that extra complication.
I think these days people see her as a little boring or stuck up, i know i have heard it said. I think its a personal choice and any person that knows what they want for themselves and is willing to stick my their ideals and morals rather than give in to pressure is a very brave person and i admire them.
Have both alcohol and soft drinks at your party. That way people can decide what they want to drink.
Its hard to understand if youve never had a challenge with alcohol. I thought it would hurt my children if I committed suicide so I drank and drove fast cars and hoped for an accident where I didnt Kill anyone else. Drunks arent real rational.
Dont worry. Your mother is definitely not an alcoholic. Two bottles for a whole 7 days is minute. She probably just has a glass or two each night. It may seem like a lot because she has some everyday, but trust me, she is not an alcoholic. Shes a wine lover. Theres nothing wrong with that, within your limits.
it has no effect, one beer will stay in your system for 1 hour, 2 beers 2 hours etc
It really depends on the person, their age, and their genetic make up. Until a person is 25, their brain is still growing. One of the main consequences of alcohol is stunted brain development, so drinking before this age can be dangerous. Also, if youve ever had a hangover, youre actually damaging your system. Hangover is the nonmedical term for your liver trying to repair itself. Alcohol acts as a poison to the liver and, as amazing as our body is, it can only repair itself so much for so long. Some genetic systems have a higher tendency toward alcoholism, and so for some, a few drinks is all it takes to become addicted, or an alcoholic. Now, Im not trying to sound over-dramatic. Chances are, your body hasnt taken any permanent harm as of now, with only consuming a few drinks, but at the pattern that youre going, yes, it could be potentially hazardous. Im really not trying to be rude or accusatory, but I firmly believe that those who choose to drink should be aware of the effects.
none
That is not so good. The problem is the dose of Ritalin you have taken. This is what Erowid says about methylphenidate ODs: "...OD range depending on your weight and tollerance can range from 240 to 300. The actual cause of death from ODing on this stuff is either from a heart attack or Seretonin Syndrome which can be induced by mixing it with other drugs. If you get Serotonin syndrome (which is the imbalance of Serotonin in your brain) and you dont get help imidiately your pretty much ********." ~~ What the problem is, you have taken fluoxetine with it and that is a Serotinin re-uptake inhibitor, I think it puts you at a higher risk of getting Serotonin syndrome. It may be you have made a mistake with this combination.
none
When we last flew our checked bags were opened for a random check and there was a slip of paper in them telling us that they had been searched and passed. I dont think you should risk it, you are young and could really create some long-term problems for yourself over just for a couple bottles of alcohol. Try doing a cost/benefit analysis and see if it makes senses, it certainly doesnt to me.
youve been posting this question for about 3 hours now, I think your fine. probably damaged your liver or kidneys a bit, but over all if you were going to OD, you would be dead by now.
I worked with alcoholics for 20 years. One of my recovering co-workers said "Its all spiritual." You have experienced what theologians would call grace. You were blessed in coming to the realization that you needed to stop making excuses. Sadly, many addicts and alcoholics can never take that step. Yes, the idea theyre "born that way" could be used as another excuse. Twenty years ago we were concerned about relieving the shame that so many alcoholics experienced ("I never thought Id be just like my father.") by telling them about genetics. We also give information about how addiction works in the brain at the cellular level so that alcoholics can understand why its so hard to quit and what they can do to overcome those urges to drink. Volume of alcohol consumed is not the measure of the "worst." I believe that the refusal to accept the need for change and difficulty having hope that change is possible are major obstacles to recovery. One of the reasons that AA is so effective is that it gives hope and support for change. People are getting acceptance and support regardless of what theyve done or what shame theyre carrying. Before there was rehab, people were getting and staying sober through AA. You are one of the blessed to have come out of rehab and reached 550 days of sobriety without AA. The gift of new life is very precious. I hope you are always able to treasure and nourish that gift. Happy New Year and healthy new life!
Scotch and water. 80 calories.
The first thing you should do is to contact the court or the probation department. You need to know the exact terms of your probation. Its too easy to violate probation if you dont have those details. The second thing you need to do is to stop doing anything illegal, including smoking marijuana. You have been given a break by the court. The easiest way to get sent to jail is to do something (anything) illegal.
I dont think it matters much what the legal age is in US. You must be 20 or above to bring alcohol into Sweden. Thats regulated by Swedish law. http://www.tullverket.se/en/startpage/ke   
If youre almost 18, then you probably have plenty of friends who are already 18. Tell them specifically what you want, and give them a little extra money for the service.
Dont do it will will burn in HELL! lol jk <SEMCOL>) I dunno ask a friend whos older or a bum ti buy it for you just give them like five extra bucks.1
Answer: Production of absolute alcohol from Rectified Spirit: C2H5OH.H2O + CaO -----> Ca(OH)2 + C2H5OH The rectified spirit is nothing but ethanol:H2O = 95.87:4.13 by weight. It is kept over a calculated amount of active quick lime (CaO) for few hours and then refluxed. In this process, water present in rectified spirit combines with CaO and form Ca(OH)2. When the resulting mixture is distilled, absolute alcohols distills over leaving behind Ca(OH)2.
Rubbish. Bananas will, given time, ferment under the right conditions and produce a kind of wine. It will take some weeks and the drink wont be all that good when its finished. Its amazing how much cobblers gets quoted on these kinds of sites.
Based on what you have said, it sounds like you aunt has a drinking problem, but she may not be an alcoholic. Not everyone who drinks excessively becomes an alcoholic. But some begin drinking so much, or so frequently, that they become addicted to alcohol. Because alcohol addiction includes physical and psychological dependence on a potent substance, such people may need more than willpower to break free from alcoholism. Lovingly talk to your aunt, and let her know your concerns about her excessive drinking. Encourage her to get the needed assistance if she wants and needs it.
This word comes from the Arabic al-kuhl, which originally meant a very fine powder of antimony used as eye makeup. It conveyed the idea of something very fine and subtle, and the Arab alchemists therefore gave the name of al-kuhl to any impalpable powder obtained by sublimation (the direct transformation of a solid into vapor, or the reverse process), and thus to all compounds obtained through the distillation process.
none
we have a hormone in our body which reacts with alcohol,mostly we feel drunk due to this hormones reaction with alcohol. in few people the level of this hormone is naturally high in their bodies so even few sips of any alcoholic drink would make you feel like you have gulped down couple of bottles. if your doctor declares you fit,then the only reason for your problem would be what i have told.
If you go online, you can see the menu and pricing. In my opinion, it is better to go when they have a "special". Get an app, an entree, and a desert all lumped in to one. That way you are saving money and get to try new things! :) The website is very informative.
Cocaine causes such a strong vaso-constricton that eventually everyone who takes it will die. One acquaintance who did coke went out golfing that day, came home, and died several hours later right on his living room floor.
0...duh
Seriously just be up front about it. Its really important to you so dont think about a possible negative reaction. No drugs and no kids. Better to not waste each others time. I wouldnt mind being asked those questions before a first date.
none
It may be legal, but probably wont happen. Most businesses wont sell alcohol to be consumed by someone under 21, even in states where its perfectly legal to sell to parents for kids. Its easier for them legally to deny all those underage than deal with the pain of verifying that your legal guardian is present and who they say they are. So whether the law allows it doesnt really matter, because the businesss policy will almost6 certainly be more restrictive than the law.
Yes there are many who will avoid eating foods that have alcohol in them, and then there are the Muslims who dont on religious grounds Dune
Convert it to pure alcohol to get a comparison. In your example, a 750ml bottle at 6% alcohol contains 45ml of pure alcohol. A single drink of vodka measuring 44ml contains 17.6ml of pure alcohol (vodka is commonly 40% alcohol) So, your bottle of sangria is akin to 2 1/2 standard drinks. *****note that your sangria is very weak. Wine usually comes in at least 12% alcohol, so your sangria has the strength of an average strong beer.
none
No it cant kill a virus but it can be inactivated with alcohol, bleach, pine sol, lysol and heat
What is the legal age to sell alcohol in Washington? Persons age 18 to 20 years old may take alcohol orders and carry alcohol to the customer and pour it into the customers glass at the table. The server must have taken an approved MAST alcohol course and posses a valid Class 13 servers permit. There must be a manager on duty with a valid class 12 permit to supervise the 18 to 20 year old. Persons 21 and over may draw alcohol from a tap and mix drinks, as well as manage the establishment. The Bartender/Manager must have taken an approved MAST alcohol course and posses a valid Class 12 mixologist permit A class 13 permit allows a person to carry beer, wine, or spirits to a customers table and pour wine from a bottle into a customers glass. A class 12 permit allows a person to pour spirits, make mixed drinks (cocktails), and draw beer from a tap in addition to what a class 13 permit allows. A person must be at least 18 years old to hold a class 13 permit and at least 21 years old to hold a class 12 permit. Any licensed establishment must have at least one person with a class 12 permit on-duty to serve alcoholic beverages to its customers. A person with a class 13 permit must be supervised by a person with a class 12 permit. Some violations of the Alcohol Server Permit rules are misdemeanor or gross misdemeanor crimes.
Depression happens to everyone. There are many ways to deal with it. A lot of people will tell you to go to a therapist, but they dont always help. Then again, every person is different... You probably arent an alcoholic YET. I wouldnt keep it up, though. A good way to deal with depression is religion. God is waiting for you. His door is always open and all you have to do is knock. (Matthew 7:7-12) The bible is open to everyone, but not everyone is open to it. And, yes, there are Christian girls, I promise.
no but is illegal to let them drink it. Contributing to delinquency of a minor. and it the minor did something illegal that hurt someone, the parents could be charged also.
Definitely not. If your thinking about naming your babygirl after alcohol then you are not ready for parenthood.
I would consider Bailey, but thats about it. A lot of those that you listed arent meant to be names for people.
A unit is 1 litre of 1% alcohol or 500ml of 2% or 50ml of 20% or 25ml of 40% alcohol, a normal shot
Forty units is about 20 pints - which is not all that excessive over a week - about 3 pints a day. But drinking that amount over just two days is not a good idea.
Its funny how no one asks their doctor if they can drink when they get a prescription but, instead, rely on a bunch of strangers to provide sound medical advice.
In chemistry, a homologous series is a series of compounds with a similar general formula, usually varying by a single parameter such as the length of a carbon chain. Examples of such series are the straight-chained alkanes (paraffins), and some of their derivatives (such as the primary alcohols, aldehydes, and (mono)carboxylic acids). The single-ring unbranched cycloalkanes form another such series. Your sentence would be correct.
Does he have a ketone meter ( there are two glucose meters that can also measure ketones ) or does he have ketone urine sticks? Its been 3 days so its probably nothing to worry about by now. While he was drinking and the next day, it wouldve been important to monitor carefully but it shouldve settled down by now unless hes been drinking each night.
none
If you can handle alcohol and not become an alcoholic, and drink responsibly and not drive drunk, its fine. If you have any problem with it then you should avoid it. The Bible has many different point of view because humanity is complex and there are different kinds of people. Blessings.
personally i think its the media & our world today &what it focuses on. I did something like this when i was younger but about partying in general after seeing a movie. I cant really give you any answers to this besides that its just the media making it look fun & were attracted to that for some reason. Try to focus on your own life though &living in the moment &in reality. Drinking isnt that glamorous though i promise & i recommend avoiding it for as long as possible. once you do try it your dream of what it is will shatter
My advice is to go for something simple. If your intention is to get drunk then go for something like rum and add some fruit juice to it (Rum is from the tropics so I would suggest tropical fruit to mix like citrus or pineapple juices). Warning... as its sweet, you will not realise how much the drink has affected your senses until you actually get up and have a walk around. DO NOT buy really cheap rum either, trust me, you will know the difference when you wake up in the morning. A simple "Baccardi Superior" 375 ml (which 1/2 the size of a regular bottle) should cost around 10.00 and should be more than enough for a few drinks. If you just want to try alcohol and enjoy it - have a light wine like a "moscato" or a "reisling." The benefit of both of these is the fact theyre also cheap!
Prohibition almost never works, although Id probably agree with banning the advertising of alcohol. Whats needed here is a) education and b) management. If you shorten the hours that alcohol is available, it naturally reduces a certain amount of alcohol related violence. But you also need education of children and young people that this macho, muscle-bound, alcohol / drug fuelled testosterone rage is not attractive. It doesnt matter how many hours you spend learning martial arts, pumping iron, physical strength, competitiveness and aggression are not the measure of a real man. We are increasingly seeing great numbers of angry, muscly young men in my neighbourhood, who have been socialised into a more primitive, uneducated, sexist, extremist mindset and anti-Australian views by parents from war torn, mainly middle Eastern countries. These are very angry, and actually, fearful young people. They make vast amounts of money selling drugs, driving very expensive top of the range cars, and contribute nothing by way of paying taxes. It is also notable that in one of the latest Kings Cross incidents, the perpetrator had committed an almost identical violent attack back in 2011 and had been bound over to keep the peace , in other words, a community based order, to attend anger management classes etc. This is not acceptable for this type of crime. Arguably, we have always had a certain amount of alcohol related crime, but we can certainly go back to having reasonable restrictions on the hours of availability. Lets go back to having pubs open for an hour or two at lunch time only, then re-open again, at say 5.30, and take last orders at 10.30, with doors closed at 11.00pm. I would possibly allow an extension until say midnight at the weekend. We dont need people to be drinking to excess and behaving like animals. If they want to drink later than that, let them drink at home, and plan their alcohol purchases accordingly. Our state governments are far too addicted to the tax revenue from alcohol, and too influenced by the AHA.
His favorite drink is Brennivin Icelandic schnapps.
*cracks open a beer* Yes, but it was once thought that brain cells did not reproduce or repair damage, we now know that they do, so moderate drinking does not do permanent damage, or at least that is the conventional wisdom at the moment. Over indulging can do permanent damage, but it is hard to know how much as it will vary depending on the individual. If you get drunk several days in the week as a habit, you will probably do some kind of permanent damage eventually. To much alcohol damages not only the brain but other organs like the liver. Moderate drinking, along the lines of one beer or glass of wine every other day is said to have health benefits such as being good for the heart.
Ulcers are caused by a bacterial infection. I think his stomach still hurts because he drank way way too much. If it doesnt get better call the doctor. Good Luck, Deb
none
Alcohol is in the family of drugs known as seditive-hypnotics. This class of drugs causes sedation of the central nervous system (CNS: brain, spinal cord) which is where all sensory stimuli travels to the brain for interpretation, and all signals back to the body both to control organ function and to control muscular movement, travel as well. Sedating the CNS prevents the brain from functioning at its normal capacity. The first brain function to be suppressed is perception, and this occurs at a blood-alcohol concentration of .02. When a person cannot perceive correctly, every decision that follows from impaired perception becomes impaired as well. If we gave a person enough alcohol, they would become unconscious, and then we would have no trouble understanding that there was a change in personality due to the amount of alcohol the person had consumed. It is just that the personality changes which occur when consuming lesser amounts of alcohol, than what would induce full unconsciousness are correspondingly less obviously the result of alcohol abuse. When a persons life has truly unpleasant aspects, it is easy to understand then why drinking alcohol will suppress that person from fully perceiving the unpleasantness when their own CNS is impaired. Perhaps that is why some people drink so much. It is also true that the human body does heroically attempt to adapt to whatever we do to it. So in the case of a person who drinks large amount of alcohol consistently, the persons brain adapts its ability to function so that it can function bathed in alcohol. Then, if the person stops drinking, the brain really struggles to function once again, having adapted to being able to function at all WITH alcohol surround it, it now must try to re-adapt back to functioning without the presence of alcohol. Little wonder that trying to stay sober is a difficult task. The chemical which is alcohol also does these things besides sedating: it dehydrates, and it irritates. Try dropping alcohol on an open cut, and youll experience first the "sting" of alcohol which is its irritation effect, but keep the alcohol there and soon youll feel nothing at all because the sedation effect takes over. Wash your hands in alcohol over several days, and your hands will become dry and tend to crack. Well, the brain is subject to the effects of irritation and dehydration too. The brain performs the most complex tasks possible in the human body, so when put under stressful conditions in an atmosphere of dehydration and irritation, little wonder there are personality changes which show up.
Multiple things. The painkiller could work faster. You could get very drowsy. Also their is a lot of serious things that could cause a serious health issue. Check your bottle of painkillers and look at the warnings
Yes you can. The store Binny&#x27<SEMCOL>s beverage depot does actually.
Yes you are dude ( no offence ) but please slow down your alcohol intake, please think about your help if you want my help email me I can try to help you out...
NEVER mix alcohol and medication.. They say it for a reason.. It can do serious damage.. Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink any alcoholic beverage while on medication,,
The police may contact your parents for a little discussion. Regardless of the alcohol, youre viewed as harassing customers when you do stuff like that. The store itself doesnt want people like you asking for money, or someone to buy them alcohol, etc. I dont know that youd get in "huge" trouble, but more likely a warning. Do also be aware that the penalties most places for buying minors alcohol are pretty severe. And the police do often set up sting operations to see who will sell alcohol to minors. Stores can lose their liquor license, and people who provide alcohol to minors can often be fined over $1000, if not land in jail. Anyway, dont even think of trying a stunt like this again. A customer doesnt want to get accused of even discussing such a thing with you, and a store doesnt want to lose its customers or liquor license. And you really shouldnt be screwing up your brain cells at your age, anyway. So, yeah. If the police have some time, they may look up the plate and stop by your house to see whats going on with this car and your supervision. And even if they dont stop by this time, they may well have the plate on file in case something happens again, and they can see theres a pattern. And when they see theres a pattern happening and people arent learning their lesson, they feel more justified in stepping in themselves.
Thats 2 pints in the UK. Youd still be borderline OK to drive after 2 pints of Bud Light. 2 pints of Bud Light would only kill you if you were a hamster. Its awful beer but it wont kill you.
No, you cannot. You would have to be 21 to legally bring alcohol into the US. It does not matter whether the alcohol would be for personal consumption or for a gift for someone who is old enough to legally possess alcohol. You would need to include the alcohol on your customs declaration and customs would confiscate it from you before you leave the customs area. If you fail to declare the alcohol and its detected, the alcohol will be confiscated and youll face additional sanctions.
"way to much alcohol" as in hes up acting drunk and being a fool? or "way to much alcohol" as in hes passed out and your afraid for his safety? If the former, only time will pass this. A good meal can bring him down, late night McDonalds or Taco Bell if you dont have anything around the house. Let him have his night of fun, no hollering will get through to him right now. Let him have it in the morning nice & early during his hangover, so hell remember why he shouldnt do this crap again. If he passes out & is breathing fine, just let him sleep it off. If its the latter, and your actually worried for his safety, ie passes out & is shivering or such, then take him to the hospital. But that should be a worst case scenario. You can look up on google "alcohol poisoning symptoms" to see what you should really look out for. Have a fun night.
Vodka no idea but beer is from 24 Indian rupees toll 70-80rs .... enjoy your stay in my home land
Apparently wine gets better with age. Some alcohol may be higher proof(moonshine is close to 100%). Vodka will get you drunk very quickly. Craps beer like bud and coors tend to be sub standard. Thats what you drink to get drunk. Other alcohol is for taste and costs more depending on quality
You cannot send any type of alcohol thru the USPS. Heres an article about sending wine overseas. --> http://www.ehow.com/how_7477330_send-win   
none
Here are some really good songs to start out with: -Dear Mama- 2pac -All I Got Is You- Ghostface Killah -Memory Lane- Nas -Life Goes On- 2pac -The Truth- Pharoahe Monch ft. Talib Kweli and Common -Mockingbird- Eminem -I Used To Love H.E.R.- Nas -Dance- Nas -2nd Childhood- Nas -I Gave You Power- Nas -Straight Up Menace- MC Eiht -Confessions- 2pac -DEvils- Jay-Z -Dead Presidents- Jay-Z -Angel- The Game ft. Common -Things Done Changed- The Notorious B.I.G. -Skys The Limit- The Notorious B.I.G. -C.R.E.A.M.- Wu Tang Clan -Changes- 2pac -Keep Ya Head Up- 2pac -Runnin From The Police- 2pac ft. The Notorious B.I.G. -Blasphemy- 2pac -Straight Outta Compton- N.W.A. -Fight The Power - Public Enemy -F*ck The Police- N.W.A. -The Message- Nas -The Rise and Fall- Nas -Undying Love- Nas -N.Y. State Of Mind Part II- Nas -Lifes A *****- Nas -Cherry Wine- Nas -Ghetto Prisoners- Nas -One Mic- Nas -Mind Playing Tricks On Me- Geto Boys -Shootouts- Nas -Life Is Like a Dice Game -Purple- Nas -Fetus- Nas -Door Rags- Nas -Got Urself A Gun- Nas -Triumph- Wu Tang Clan -Shook Ones Part II- Mobb Deep -Start Of Your Ending (41st Side) -Survival of the Fittest- Mobb Deep -The Hardest- AZ -Let The Rhythm Hit Em- Eric B and Eskimo -Krazy- 2pac -Eye For An Eye- Mobb Deep -The Champ- Ghostface Killah -Youre Nobody (Till Somebody Kills You)- The Notorious B.I.G. -Juicy- The Notorious B.I.G. -Whats Beef- The Notorious B.I.G. -
Not necessarily. Kim chee is fermented but not alcoholic. However, if the sweetness came from sugar, the chances are that there was some alcohol, fermented by either yeasts or bacteria, probably the latter.
I agree with Gervald F. All alcohols can be oxidized by atmospheric oxygen to aldehydes and further to carboxylic acids. The higher alcohols also form peroxides upon repeated exposure to ambient oxygen.
none
I always thought that it was traditional for the suicider to wash the pills down with cheap gin
none
If the alcohol content is low enough to legally be labeled "Non-alcoholic" (typically 0.5% or less), then it legally is a "malt beverage" and not alcohol. You can drink it at any age. Despite the legality, many stores will not sell  beer to minors due to policy. This could be due to lack of knowledge, "playing it safe" (minors could buy a pack of ODouls and switch a bottle or two for a "real" beer), or sloppy programming ( beer typically prompts the cashier to check ID, and they are not permitted to ignore such prompts). I worked as a cashier at a grocery store that sold  wine (but not beer), and I caught a couple minors trying to use the bottles to dupe the self-checkout machine into letting them buy real wine (they ring up  wine, we tell the machine they are OK to buy it, then their friend shows up with real wine so the machine wont flag them). Also, it should be noted that it is physiologically impossible to consume enough  beer to become drunk. To feel the buzz that you would get from a single 4.2% "light" beer, it would be necessary to drink 9 0.5% beers in the same time frame. If I remember correctly, an adult male would have to consume 30  beers (10.5 liters, or over 2 gallons) within an hour to exceed the legal driving limit. Every attempt Ive ever seen on Youtube ends in vomiting.
I have friends in aa and na who have been able to abstain from drugs.and alcohol because to them the programs worked. Ive been in and out of meetings since the age of 15 and was never really able to stick with it. Finally went to rehab at 17 and have been able to abstain from drugs ever since by keeping business, outpatient, friends, family and a god of my.understanding.
Health problems caused by excessive drinking can include: Liver disease. Heavy drinking can cause alcoholic hepatitis     an inflammation of the liver. After years of heavy drinking, hepatitis may lead to irreversible destruction and scarring of liver tissue (cirrhosis). Digestive problems. Heavy drinking can result in inflammation of the stomach lining (gastritis), as well as stomach and esophageal ulcers. It also can interfere with absorption of B vitamins and other nutrients. Heavy drinking can damage your pancreas     which produces hormones that regulate your metabolism and enzymes that help digestion     and lead to inflammation of the pancreas (pancreatitis). Heart problems. Excessive drinking can lead to high blood pressure and increases your risk of an enlarged heart, heart failure or stroke. Diabetes complications. Alcohol interferes with the release of glucose from your liver and can increase the risk of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia). This is dangerous if you have diabetes and are already taking insulin to lower your blood sugar level. Sexual function and menstruation. Excessive drinking can cause erectile dysfunction in men. In women, it can interrupt menstruation. Eye problems. Over time, heavy drinking can cause involuntary rapid eye movement (nystagmus) as well as weakness and paralysis of your eye muscles due to a deficiency of vitamin B-1 (thiamine). Birth defects. Alcohol use during pregnancy may cause fetal alcohol syndrome, resulting in giving birth to a child who has physical and developmental problems that last a lifetime. Bone loss. Alcohol may interfere with the production of new bone. This can lead to thinning bones (osteoporosis) and an increased risk of fractures. Neurological complications. Excessive drinking can affect your nervous system, causing numbness and pain in your hands and feet, disordered thinking, dementia and short-term memory loss. Weakened immune system. Excessive alcohol use can make it harder for your body to resist disease, making you more susceptible to illnesses. Increased risk of cancer. Long-term excessive alcohol use has been linked to a higher risk of many cancers, including mouth, throat, liver, colon and breast cancer. Even moderate drinking can increase the risk of breast cancer.
There are people who get happy when they drink, and there are others who wish to fight when they drink. There is no rule with alcohol when it is consumed.
Yes. Excessive alcohol intake suppresses the immune system -- the alcohol prevents your body from being able to absorb nutrients, and I believe it even lowers white blood cell counts to some degree, which fight off infection. Alcohol is toxic to the human body and like any toxin, it will have damaging effects.
Over time, your body develops a tolerance to alcohol. And as Raatz said, its not just acoholics. If you have drinking experience, compare how much it takes to get you drunk now compared to how much it took to get you drunk the very first time. Odds are, its a good bit more.
Yes, alcohol is a quick and large intake of calories, especially beer- hence the classic &#x27<SEMCOL>beer belly&#x27<SEMCOL> if you were to cut alcohol completely out of your diet or perhaps lower your intake then you would lose weight and be overall healthier
The IUPAC nomenclature for organic compounds has very stringent rules, one of which states that the parent compound must have the longest possible carbon chain which still has the functional groups attached. 1,3-dimethylbutanol is incorrect, because it does not make use of the longest carbon chain<SEMCOL> 4-methyl-2-pentanol is the correct name. 1-methyl-1,3-pentadiol is also incorrect, because once again, it does not take the longest possible carbon chain<SEMCOL> 2,4-hexanediol is correct.
Ideally diazepam and alcohol should not be taken together as they enhance each others effects.
Lol! Well, the reason alcohol is priced differently is usually because of the taste, the age and the brand. Some wines can leave you in the hole 100 something dollars, and others are 6 bucks! It all has to do with with age when it comes to wines and brandy, rum, etc. Any type of alcoholic substance will get you drunk, trust me. Whether its a 5 proof, or an 80 proof, it will get you there, haha. When they say its 25 years old, they mean that once it was bottled and set on a shelf, it was 25 years until they sold it to the public. So when we drink 25 year old wine, we are drinking a sleeping beauty! :) Hope this helps!
When I was a teenager, I didnt- well I did have a drinking problem (family of alcoholics, had my first drink at around 9), but I stopped for a couple of years because I fell in with a very conservative group of friends and it helped me to kind of get my act together. But I never went to parties or did drugs or smoked- didnt even have sex until I was 21. Its not a bad thing.
I think you are asking if water or alcohol will cause tattoo machine components to rust. Generally tattoo machine components are made of stainless steel and so will never rust under ordinary circumstances.
That sounds like itd irritate it even more. Go to your doctor.
Every alcohol is a carbon chain with an OH.
none
A small (but very vocal) minority convinced Congress that banning alcohol would bring a whole range of social and economic benefits to America and Americans: Less time off work due to drunkeness and hangovers<SEMCOL>workers would be more efficient at work as they would never be suffering from the effects of drinking the night before No domestic violence caused by drunkeness Families would have a better standard of living,as husbands and fathers wouldnt be spending money on alcohol - this money would instead be spent on a better lifestyle for their families Less drink related illness,accidents,and injuries,so the population as a whole would be healthier Reduction in crime,as crimes caused by drunkeness would disappear.This would save the government money,and speed up the justice system. In practice,none of these benefits materialized,and in fact the opposite happened in every case.
No, youre fine. But dont drink a whole beer if youre less than like 15. And if you are a teenager, dont drink more than like one beer. Because yes, it can mess with your brain functions, body, and emotional health.
none
Ibuprofen, youll be fine. Its Tylenol (acetominaphen) that should never be combined with alcohol.
Its cold and dark and boring, plus Northern people have a higher tolerance for alcohol to begin with. (Asians historically drank tea, Europeans drank alcohol.)
Definitely not. Marijuana does not cause any overdosing either. If someone gets alcohol poisoning and happened to have marijuana in their system it would be inconsequential. The problem with trying to really learn about marijuana from articles and such is that many pro-marijuana studies and or articles are quieted by anti-marijuana parties. Heres an example: http://www.theweedblog.com/jamaican-stud    This was a thorough study on the effect of smoking while pregnant. Basically the study was being funded until the funders of the study found that the results were not in their interest. Most "facts" you read online are based on opinions and not actual findings, because of the lack of proper studies.
Its to benefit the alcoholic. Some alcoholics need to hit rock bottom before deciding they need help. Removing yourself from their life helps them realize they have a real problem. Most of the time the family is helping to enable them by being there for them when they screw up over and over. Its basically saying "Its your own fault you keep falling, so next time I wont be there to catch you," but knowing that person may likely fall again not knowing theyll be OK, because you didnt catch them, is not an easy thing to do.
How strange, beeradvocate.com has it at 4.2% and ratebeer.com has it at 4.1%. Either way, BL is not very good beer, you should try a good craft beer. They taste so much better than any of the mass produced beers. I would suggest Youngs Double Chocolate Stout. As a girl, you probably like the taste of chocolate, this would be a great first craft beer to try. Although, I do highly recommend the canned version because it has a nitrogen widget that ignites when you open the beer. the nitrogen gives the beer a very creamy texture to it, such a delicious brew... drink out of a glass though so that you can see what the nitrogen is doing... Heres a video of someone pouring a Youngs DCS... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw8Rd9AD5    Beauty in a glass and tastes really good too! The bottled version doesnt have a nitrogen widget though... Heres the reviews of YDCS over at ratebeer.com... http://www.ratebeer.com/beer/youngs-doub   
If the cognac is presented to you as a gift, graciously accept it,then put it away. If the gift happened to be an apron, or a book, you would not be expected to give it over to your guest to wear or read. If the cognac is not a gift to you, but rather, an addition to the party offerings, then she is free to drink it.
What a mess! Im sorry you have to go through that, I was on the same page years ago! but it was worse, not just alcohol but drugs as well. Anyways, has your mom ever been to treatment? It sounds to me that just "quitting" isnt enough. She may need to go to treatment to get help. That may address other underlying problems she is facing or feeling. Many addicts have a controlling problem because everything else in their life feels out of control so they hold on to the things they have control over! Maybe have that talk with her about treatment and all that. She will just continue to fall back if she doesnt, unfortunately! Best wishes to you! BUT dont feel discouraged, my dad has almost 5 years clean and sober! He did this through treatment and being active in AA and  for years! SO it is possible for her to get sober and STAY sober! I do wish you the best of luck on this road! it is never easy watching loved ones spiral down hill, but its especially bad when its your own parents!
none
Its about 1/30th the strength of regular wine, so drinking 30 glasses would have the same effect as 1 glass of regular wine
This is actually my first time posting anything Ive always just read..ill be honest I came on this site to see if anyone had any luck with being able to break thru the vivtrol block..I just got my first shot 3 days ago and Im just now starting to feel normal..if u have doooone anything including suboxin in the past 7 to 10 days before your first shot do not get it! The past 3 days have been aaawwweful for me cuz I rushed into it looking for an immediate resolution to my addiction to heroin.I was on suboxin and clean for 3 months plus and started to dabble again and its a slippery slope..with the combination of one use of heroin and 2m of subs one or twice the week before my first shot screwed up my body major an hour after the shot..its like I can feel it shutting down parts of my brain as we speak I can just tell I couldnt get high if I tried right now..I still kind of have cravings but there not desperate ones...bottom line Im a former sergeant of marines in infantry and saw some things over seas and took an easy way out of mental pain with years of pills that inevitably ended in a spiraling heroin addiction...its crazy how you look back after a bad time and think wow? I let drugs do that to me? And me do that to my loved ones? And then get restless and think I can do it one more time...the truth is there is no such thing as one more time or just one more day...its the never again and then one day at a time..even saying that I wonder when the next time ill get high is going to be..its so hard once youve been hooked..I even had my best friend who lives next door to me die and leave behind his young daughter almost 2 years ago because of heroin..she constantly comes over n is an adorable little 8 year old girl..even looking at her and thinking of my friends death isnt enough and deep down I kno it should be..bottom line is u can outwait the shot or quit cold turkey, its up to you and what u want for ur life and everyone in it..this may just be a bunch of rant..I hope Im atleast relating with someone
Depends on how much 35% alcohol you pour. Its like asking "how long is a piece of string".
There is only one reason a guy wants a girl to drink with him. And I believe you know the answer to that. If he is asking if it is okay for him to drink, he is being polite and wondering if his drinking bothers you. You can tell him that you would prefer that he didnt drink but your an adult so that is your choice to make.
none
You did whats right for you.Best move you could make.Its one thing to have a problem but its something else to be devoted to it.From here on you just look after yourself better than you ever did.Be healthier.You can move on and find a nice girl who hasnt got problems.Youve got to move on and get your life back on track.I hope youre finished with the alcohol withdrawal symptoms.You dont want to have that affecting your next relationship.Look after yourself.
I had a problem,improved situation by (& I reccommend you suggest this to your Aunt), Have a full glass of water between each drink. Challenge her to have one sober day each week,to prove to herself that she can take control of her problem. Select a reasonable limit of drinks per day( 3 or 4 maybe). Challenge her to wait until as late in the day as possible before starting drinking( suggest 5PM) I hope this helps. Suggest Moderation rather than quitting,as this may seem more Possible to her.
Do you have to drink alcohol? If you got sick from drinking twice in your life, I recommend you not to drink, what if something seriously goes wrong this time around? (Speaking from experience) If you must drink, just gulp it down fast and have a chaser ready at all times! And don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink often, set a limit per time. Say a beer every hour or a shot every hour, know your limit.
3-methylbutan-2-ol
if your gunna drive and you having dinner wine would be best i guess though i cant say you would like the taste i hear whites better you could always ask the bartender for a fruity and low alc content drink if you want something that wont taste to strong for your first time as long as your eating and have at very least an hour being there before driving
No one has to prove that the adult bought the alcohol, giving it to a minor is the illegal act. It does not matter how the adult got the liquor, if they give it to someone under 21 it is illegal and they can be charged.
I usually add 1290L triethalamine with water to get 100 liter alcohol. Try 1290L triethalamine .
HMRC recommend no more than 800 from an EU country, you could be questioned if bringing in more. See the link for all your allowances.
Eat more next time you drink. Your blood sugar is getting low when you drink. Alcohol inhibits the reaction (gluconeogenesis) that your body uses to keep your blood sugar up between meals. You need food in your stomach to keep your blood sugar up when you drink. Your symptoms are symptoms of low blood sugar.
It might be an allergy to something in the drink. If it happens with all alcoholic drinks then you should see your doctor.
its been done before. prohibition created a black market, and lots of violent crime
To say that marijuana has been given a bad rap over the past few decades is an understatement. most Americans, believe that marijuana is a dangerous and addictive drug that has destroyed millions of teens and adults lives. You probably believe that marijuana causes lung cancer and is a    gateway    to worse drugs. The government has tried to convince you that most people who use marijuana are losers who sit around on couches all day doing nothing. Many people die from alcohol use. Nobody dies from marijuana use. According to the Centers for Disease Control, excessive alcohol use is the third leading lifestyle-related cause of death. In a typical year, there are roughly 25,000 alcohol-induced deaths in the United States, most from long-term consequences like liver disease and some from acute alcohol poisoning brought on by binge drinking.Marijuana, on the other hand, does not cause overdose deaths and comes with far fewer long-term health consequences. A 2009 Canadian study determined the annual health-related costs associated with alcohol are more than eight times greater per user than with marijuana. And, according to the Institute of Medicine, people who use marijuana are far less likely to become dependent than those who drink alcohol. A study that was conducted: Here   s what they found through brain scans over time: Teens who drank five or more alcoholic beverages twice a week or more   essentially binge drinking   had damage to their brain tissue that could cause memory loss, attention deficit problems, and issues with decision making not only immediately, but also later in life going into adulthood. (Ruh roh!) One of the researchers explained that it becomes a pretty vicious cycle when that happens:    If teens decrease their tissue health and cognitive ability to inhibit themselves, they might become more likely to engage in risky behavior like excessive substance use.    Yikes! Meanwhile, the test subjects who kept on smoking weed showed very little to no brain damage. Pretty interesting considering one is legal when you   re 21 and the other isn   t (depending on where you live, that is), isn   t it?
High energy to volume ratio. D
none
Bad plan. You cant be sure how youll react once the alcohol is in your system - it could calm your nerves, sure, but it might hurt your ability to focus. More importantly, you really dont want to get in the habit of self-medicating. Go visit your schools tutoring center and get some credible strategies for handling exams instead.
Religions adopt the culture of their inventors. What was considered bad by the people of mohammeds time became gods instructions.
Cetaphil or Vanicream are great
none
none
The drinking age in the Bahamas is 18. You will be able to purchase alcoholic beverages while onshore in the Bahamas. If you purchase bottles of booze and being them back to the ship, you cannot take them to your cabin, even if youre 21. Theyre tagged, stored, and returned to you the night before departure so you can pack to go home. Since you are underage by the rules of the US, Customs will not allow you to bring it back in. They dont often check bags, but if they do, you will lose it and possibly be fined.
If you wake up in a ditch its a problem otherwise you are fine doing what you do. D
OK, so everything you just described in your sad story is a reflection of every family that tries to cope with having an alcoholic in the family. I wish I could tell you exactly what to do to put everything right for the ones you love, including your drunken grandfather, but unless and until he chooses to do something positive for his addiction, then I am afraid there is nothing you can do to help him stop. Even though you are still suffering, you did exactly what you must do for yourself, by getting away from your grandfather and his drinking. You are still suffering because you are still very angry with him, and you are also taking the suffering of your parents to heart as well. Considering your grandfathers age, I dont hold much hope for him entering recovery for his drinking. You say he is in good physical health for his age, but as long as he continues drinking, he is very likely to cut his life short. So the only thing your family can do is to look after each other in spite of your grandfather. But that doesnt include staying in your grandfathers life. The best chance of having him make the right choice about his addiction is for everyone in the family to pull the rug out from under him, and stop enabling his bad habit. Right now your mom and dad are enabling your grandfather to continue in his addiction, and so he has no visible reason to stop. It may seem extreme, but if your parents are part owners of the apartment they share with him, then they should either take steps to buy him out, so he can go live somewhere else, or to put the apartment on the market, so that they wont be trapped into living with him one day longer. You say that no one in the family has the means to move out right now, but that is just making excuses to not do anything. You have to treat the situation as if it were an emergency, mainly because it is. You asked what the options are, and that is what I am telling you. If it were a wife living with an alcoholic husband who refused to stop his drinking then the wife would have the option of obtaining a divorce. The family assets would be split up, and the couple would go their separate ways. Since there are joint assets between your parents, and your grandfather, then they are effectively going to have to do the same sort of thing, and divorce themselves from your grandfather. If they dont do that, then they are simply volunteering to remain trapped in this intolerable situation. Going to extreme measures may seem cruel and uncaring for one family member to do to another. But staying with your grandfather, and enabling him in his addiction is actually worse. Leaving him may be the catalyst for his seeking help in the facility he refused to go to. Oh, by the way, you dont send an alcoholic in for treatment for just one month to clear up his mind. Once an alcoholic goes into treatment, he stays there until he can manage his recovery on his own, so if you ever do get that far with him, be prepared to have him enter treatment for a longer term than one month. So stop making excuses for each other, and organize an exit strategy for your family, with or without your grandfathers co-operation, and as long as he drinks, then I would imagine that it will be without. Meanwhile I want you to read a very important book titled "Co-Dependant No More" by Melodie Beatty. Get a copy for yourself, and another for your parents. Believe me, you guys need it real bad.
none
usually ethyl
You can adjust to the taste and effects in no time at all. Practice.
No you are not an alcoholic. To be an alcoholic you have to be dependent on alcohol which youre not if you have no problems waiting until the weekend. It seems like most people on the Street drinks heavily. Im a trader and feel like Im the only person on the Street who doesnt drink.
Yeah its still against your religion because I have studied your religion more than yourself and that is why I know.
Better to consult the doctor
The simple answer is about 2-6 drinks per person. When considering how much alcohol to buy for your party, here are the main factors: Guest primary age group Hours of people drinking Occasion Type Type of drinks you want to serve Guest Primary Age Group: Age:20-30s--- 4-6 drinks Okay these guests might cost you a small fortune, but there are still ways to save. Just like we used to be (or are now) the twenty somethings can put a serious dent in our pocket book. Not to worry, if you limit the selection of alcohol, and stick to domestic on beers everything will be fine. Make sure you have enough beer to supply an army, some midgrade wine for the ladies, and 1 or 2 liquors for shots. Age: 30-40 --- 3-4 drinks A little more refined, they are not concered with getting their "buzz on" as they used to be. I would spring for some decent wine, decent beer (like stella) and a small variety of alcohol for mixed drinks. The main bottles of alcohol you should make sure you have on hand are Vodka, Bourbon, and Scotch. Age: 40+. --- 2-3 drinks These are the people more worried about getting up in the morning above all else. If it is a really special occasion, then you may want to consider the advice of the 20s. Generally you should have a couple bottles of single malt scotch and some nice bottles of red to get things started. Beer is not as much as concern, so focus on a few bottles of good alcohol and everything should be fine. The key is always limiting the choices. Too much variety gets expensive and messy in your home or venue. Keep reading at :http://www.howmuchalcohol.com/Do-I-Need-for-my-Party-.html This is where I got all the info. Seems like a good source for finding out about all of this.
No, you will not be alright. You will be a dangerously impulsive patient with an alcohol problem. Will it kill you tonight? Probably not. But see your doctor before it does.
Nothing, so long as the container remains sealed (unless you run into a crooked cop). Florida has alcohol blood laws, and open container laws, but so far as I know, no possession laws. Unless... Is this shine brought in from the Carolinas or Tennessee? If it is, dont get caught.
You are an adult at 18 but age of drinking is 21. You will have fines ( Judge will set the fines) you may have to attend counseling, license could be suspended for 180 days. Community services.
maybe include some pictures of such ads? when I think about it, I do think alcohol is falsely portrayed because if they were advertising it correctly, it would be more like "when u drink it, u will feel temporarily more sociable, less stressed, and happier". they never seem to rly talk about it as a way of coping. they never talk promote the real incentive to purchase, which is the drugged effect. they try to make drinking seem cool, or they promote the rich blends and flavor of their drink, instead of the buzz. they never talk about the buzz, which is why people pack themselves in bars and clubs all drinking alcohol, not for the taste. if there was no buzz in drinking, I dont think any1 would drink. thats my inarticulate analysis. good point, btw. also, might I add, whenever I see documentaries about marijuana, and they are promoting it, you always hear them say stuff like "this is blueberry indica. it is smooth and tastes like blueberries. it will give u a very mellow, body high, if thats what your in to." in alcohol adds, they never mention "this is pure agave patron tequila. it will give u an immense amount of energy, a tremendous buzz, and most likely, a blackout followed by a hangover. make sure u drink 16 oz of water before going to sleep. drink responsibly."
none
Hello Alexis, You definitely need a permit (read: written and vision tests) in order to go for your road test. Booking an appointment for your permit test is recommended, but not necessary, you can just show up, but then, you might be stuck in a lineup. You didnt tell us where you live, but the permit is required in any state. As you are 18, you dont have to hold it and go for your road test pretty much as soon as you pass your written and vision. You can practice here to see what the test would look like: http://driving-tests.org/ Select your state and start practicing, its absolutely free. Best
No it doesnt
Drink beer for now and try other alcohol as you get older.
Yes, simple fact your underage and have alcohol in your system. You will also be ticked for underage drinking.
Yes and no, yes because if watered down enough the taste and the effect of the alcohol is noticeable altered. No, because if you only water it down a bit it is not noticeable. Not the sweetness of the Disaronno liqueur then be sure to use sugar water to refill the original Disaronno liqueur bottle. Be sure it not take and replace more than a couple/few ounces or it will be noticeable. In either case consider you may be caught. Take my example, I did take some nips from my parents booze but never replace any amount with nothing. I just let it go and was prepared to pay the consequences. It was a few years later that when talking with my father about things he says/asks, "what, you think we didnt notice?" LMAO! Thats it. My parents taught me to drink and trusted my judgement. He did mention that he was disappointed that I had not asked or later told them, that it was disrespectful to try and deceive them. True. I would hope you can do something similar and talk with your family first. Not to much in either way you do this.
It should take about a 3-4 ounce glass to get you buzzed and if tipsy means drunk it should not take much more than that amount. You will need to try the mead and note your affect from the amount taken.
Because Jesus converted water into wine, but... wait... ...I dont know.
none
It will work, but it wont taste very good.
none
none
none
Because youre in extremely poor shape, any change in chemistry makes your Cortisol levels spike, causing your Cardiovascular system to stress. Just to get better: Stop polluting yourself completely, no smokes, no drink, no caffeine, clean your body out, start a work-out program(talk about it to your doctor), and get fit, and clean. Down the line you can do some of these things again, as long as you dont overdo them, they shouldnt become a problem again, you need to clean-up first though, youre saturated in badness right now, that needs to get out first.
4 oz x 16,000 = 64,000 oz / 128 oz/gallon= 500 gallons total one USP gallon of alcohol = 95% pure (not 100%) 500 gallons total x .10 = 50 gallons alcohol. 50 gallons / 0.95 USP = 52.6 gallons of USP alcohol. If your teacher tells you this is wrong, tell them that USP alcohol is 95%, not 100%, and a pharmacist told you so. Source: I am a pharmacist.
It was my dad and very hard. They are up and down and there are constant mood changes, unpredictable behavior which is very hard for a child to handle. One moment he was all lovey dovey showing me his watch and next he was angry and drunk. He picked me up as the last one from kindergarten and that greatly effected me. I always thought no one would come. He had big problems with showing affection and keeping contact and also a few times with showing them in appropriate ways. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s just what the alcohol does to them. (When I was 7 my mother had enough and left him.) Now with 70 he got old and with all the drinking and smoking it effected his brain and he started to forget things and get dementia, last year he took his own life and jumped out of the window.
No, youll be drunk and get arrested.
This is very sad. Is there anything anyone can do to help the Aboriginal people?
none
I guess wine but the truth is, every type of alcohol has a classy offering. For example... Rum has El Dorado 21, Appleton Estates 30 Year Old, Ron Zacapa XO and many others...... however, it would be really hard for someone thats not used to drinking liquor to drink this kind of rum straight. Its got a VERY rich alcohol taste. Same goes for other types of alcohol.... Then you have Cognac and Brandy which are distilled wines. Just about anything with the letters XO on the label would be considered classy. Then you have single malt whiskey which by some standards is considered to be the best type of whiskey you can get... then you have beer which, believe it or not, can also be just as sophisticated and classy as wine. For example... some beers come in a 750ml corked bottle which is the same size of a wine bottle and are also corked like a wine bottle. Some fine beers are extremely tasty and just a joy to drink and much easier to drink than liquor. Heres a picture a "corked beer". http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0227/05    i would suggest beer and brandy/cognac for your next sampling...
this is not from the mouthwash. the gum tissue is getting hypertrophied from prolonged swelling and gingivitis. you need to do daily dry brushing for about ten minutes each day. take a soft bristled tooth brush with no toothpaste and brush around the brackets right at the gum line. if you have any bleeding then really concentrate on that area. you should go to your dentist for a good cleaning more often during orthodontic treatment, maybe every four months instead of six months.
a shot is typically one ounce of alcohol, some bars is 1 1/2 ounces, a cup is sixteen ounces. just start to pour (not dump) the alcohol into the glass and count "one thousand one, one thousand two, one thousand three", by the time you get to a three count( one thousand three), that should be a shot.
Nancy, you probably saved your friends life when you picked up his body just before he vomited. He might well have died, as many others have - some of which I have seen. Laying a drunken person on their back with their face up is about the worst anyone could do for the drunken person. Such a drunk will NOT die from the "drowning" but will die once they take in a deep breath and suck the vomit in their mouth into their lungs. This highly acid stomach juice produces an irritating chemical pneumonia and inflammation that can and sometimes does kill in a day or two. Ever suctioning out the fluid does NOT work. Of course, if they drank enough, their blood alcohol may close down the brains breathing center as more alcohol is absorbed - and death results. Drunks should be placed belly down and mouth opened to the side, and never left alone for a couple of hours. Your friend owes you his life....
Who ever provides you with the alcohol can get arrested if you get caught by the police and you will go to juvinile hall and then your parents get to decide what to do with you after the courts do.
A simple NO. The wine Jesus and all the others drank that time was diluted from 1-3 up to 1-8. That leaves very little alcohol left. They had to mix the water with wine because of the poor quality of the water. MIMI
First try to calm down yourself. Do something in the school which would make him proud. But,keep one thing in mind that dont let him feel that hes a looser. Try to keep him happy. May Gods mersy be with u.....
none
No. Absolutely not. You are not safe by law not only in Gujarat but at some other countries also.
Schizophrenia is a neurological disease, and alcohol adversely affects the brain functions. While alcohol won&#x27<SEMCOL>t destroy your brain, the irregular functions will be exacerbated by it even in small doses. People with mental disorders are the top users of drugs and alcohol, and alcohol addiction is one of the most prevalent. Usually when a person with a neurological disease starts drinking they further destroy their chance at a normal life. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s why the majority of our homeless population are mentally ill, and schizophrenics are high among them. I would say avoid alcohol at all costs and get yourself diagnosed and treated if you already haven&#x27<SEMCOL>t.
You can get a clear protective layer put on your teeth by the dentist. I think it is brushed on then dried under an UV light. I dont think it was designed for alcohol but mostly designed against decay but Im sure it would protect your teeth from alcohol. I think it cost around $200 to have it applied. I cant remember how long it lasts. Just call your dentist and ask them they can give you the information over the phone.
Thats a wierd fettish... but yeah... thats usually were people do body shots... but... tell her its alcohol... I guess.. or you kinda look wierd
No problem. Your unapproved diet pills dont contain anything more than caffeine and herbs. No compounds that cause weight loss or interact with moderate alcohol consumption.
2-methylpropan-1-ol
Alcohol has more energy than carbohydrates do and that energy eventually becomes glucose so there are two effects of alcohol, the first is that it will drive your glucose levels down initially, this is very dangerous as the symptoms for hypoglycemia may be discounted as simply being drunk, many diabetics have died because police thought they were just drunk. The second is that the glucose levels gets pumped up very high usually within 24 hours of drinking. There are no safe alcohol for a diabetic to consume and drinking alcohol must be done with careful preparation. It is also important that the people you are with know that you are diabetic and may need assistance during a hypoglycemic event.
There are no alcohol drinks that we should not mix. All you need to do is keep track of the amount of alcohol that you drink. It is ALWAYS the amount of alcohol that causes a person to vomit and NEVER the types mixed.
none
No it has already done that once and it&#x27<SEMCOL>s dead.
No they are in no way disabled. When you see genuine people being refused disablement benefits it makes my blood boil that these type of people are receiving it. They bring this on themselves by buying alcohol and drugs and they use their benefits to do so. They seem to be the only people who get giros over the counter as if they are something special. If they dont work then no money, that would soon stop them.
Measure out two ounces of vodka and drink that with the coke. After a few hours you can drink the same amount again. Drinking for the buzz is a prudent way to enjoy your evening of dance and socialization.
Good idea, now.
The average human body processed about 1oz of alchohol per hour. A typical drink has 1.5oz of alcohol, which includes a shot, a small glass of wine, or, a typical bottle of bear. The amount of alcohol from the beer you had would have been entirely gone in a matter of a couple of hours, at most. Probably by 3am at the latest, and likely before that. And, alcohol is a depressant, not an anti-depressant. I am not sure how long the anti-depressants would be in your system.
Sixteen is the legal age to drink on an Indian Reservation.
Drinking alcohol DOESNT make you a loser. Making stereotypical comments like this, on the other hand... Many people drink certain alcoholic beverages (wine, most commonly) to enhance the experience of dining. Many others drink a little to relax or unwind or just because they enjoy the taste of it. Theres nothing wrong with any of that. And there are actually some suspected health benefits to drinking. A couple ounces of whiskey or other "hard" liquor a day may keep your arteries more flexible. Red wine is apparently a good source of antioxidants, which combat the effects of ageing. And my doctor encourages me to drink a beer every day to help control my triglycerides. Now if youre talking about OVER-drinking, or someone who tries to peer pressure you into drinking, or under-aged drinking...youve got a point. And when it comes to drinking a soda instead of alcohol, I do NOT think its childish. That happens to be what I do. In spite of my doctors advice, I dont drink beer (dont like the taste of it), I dont drink and drive, I dont drink to get drunk, and I very, very rarely indulge in hard alcoholic beverages. But when I DO have a drink, it doesnt make me a "loser," regardless of what some opinionated and uniformed children may think.
none
Being, by far, the most destructive drug on the planet, it sort of stigmatizes itself to any but the addicted. Ever see what it does to people? Do we need a new warning lable? I dont think so. Perhaps if we stop glorifying it, like in the movies?
Any molecule that is asymmetrical will be polar. The larger the molecular weight the less attractive force per mass will result in general. thats why water has so much surface tension. It has low molecular weight.
Drink a lot of water. Usually takes about an hour for every 1.5 oz of 80 proof. Which is about 16-20 ml somewhere in between there. So 10 hours looks like it.
Vinegar is not a primary alcohol -- its not any kind of alcohol. It is not a methyl ketone -- its not any kind of ketone. Vinegar is a carboxylic acid.
ok, theres two reasons why the alcohol would no longer be there because of temperature. One reason is that the water froze and then some one poured out the still liquid alcohol (I looked it up and 60 proof alcohol will freeze at about -20 F, water freezes before the alcohol), so if it got to about -10 in your house then someone for some reason poured out the sweet smelling liquid in the bottle (about 200 proof (pure) alcohol) and let everything else melt again and that may make it have no alcohol. The other possibility is that your house got to 170 F and then it boiled out. Other than that is should still be good, liquors are mostly water and alcohol (there may be a few additives for flavor) and alcohol kills bacteria so it should not get anything growing in it even if you open it and close and store it again, but 60 proof is a little low (30% alcohol), this its not the same for beer and wine, they dont have enough alcohol to fight bacteria for long.
Well alcohol is a drug and drugs definitely effect the body: http://www.drugfreeworld.org/drugfacts/d    The thing is, is that alcohol depletes you of your nutrients as it inhibits absorption of them: http://studenthealth.ucsd.edu/partynutri    So you need to eat the foods which gives you those nutrients that you are lacking and maybe take some vitamin supplements. You can read more here: http://alcoholicsvictorious.org/faq/diet    and the diet they say is here: http://alcoholicsvictorious.org/faq/rec-    Make sure to drink lots of water too.
Liquids do not burn. It is the vapour above the liquid that burns. When the concentration of vapour above the liquid reaches a concentration where it can support combustion then that liquid becomes flammable. That point is known as the flash point. It is incorrect to say that ethanol is flammable but glycerol is not unless you state a temperature. Ethanol has a flash point of 16.6 deg C, glycerol has a flash point of 160 deg C. This means that below 16.6 deg C if you flash a spark over ethanol it will not ignite. Above 160 deg C if you flash a spark over glycerol then it will ignite. That is a long winded way of saying that flammability depends on the volatility of the material, and the higher the temperature of that material the more volatile it becomes and hence the more flammable it becomes.
its a very common problem I faced it 3 times in a year just take the phone to the replir shop they will change the button or to a app store because its better to get it fixed from there
if u are addicted with alcohol u will miss precious oppurtunties and time and health and money, no gains all pains with alcohol dear0
Its just a bit of fun :) aslong as it doesnt start to interfear with your everyday life and become an addiction just keep it 2 the weekends and maybe 1 or twice a month it is moslty normal if u live in the UK haha even though the legal age to drink is 18 I started getting really drunk from the age of 14 too, aslong as you stay sensible I.e with boys whilst drinking and drink in moderation youll be fine :)
Its just that alcohol has a f=great ability to solve all our problems. D
Its not about knowing what is in the package. The courier has a list of directions to follow and if the delivery requires ID then its part of his/her list. You really do need an ID to receive some packages.
none
Any molecule with three or more atoms in it, is a "greenhouse gas", and as such absorbs infrared. When the atom masses are different (such as in alcohol, H=1, C=12, O=16), the absorption spectrum is broadened. It is more akin to masses (atoms centers) vibrating on springs (molecular bonds) for infrared, and spinning molecules for microwaves. You do have characteristic emissions based on chemical bonds (as the others describe). For example, diamond with its "one" carbon-carbon bond has an absorption / emission line in infrared. So an alcohol with two bonded carbons should have a similar absorption / emission line...
No the calories are the same and it is dangerous to inhale liquids that are not relatively pure or approved for such.
No such thing as a false positive blood alcohol test.
none
none
none
none
So is he being arrested every time he violates the order and sent through the revolving doors at the jail? How many times does he have to break a restraining order before the law realizes that he is never going to stop? Seems by now he should have a permanent residence at the jail I think you are right that he wont give up until he is locked up, and even then, once he gets out he may resume it.
I dont know how many times Ive seen her hardly able to put two words together. I doubt her problem is anything as mild as alcohol.
none
Whats the drinking age in Canada where you are? I know its 18 in some places, 19 in others? Shes 18, so if shes legally allowed to drink, she can say yes or no of her own accord. Perhaps your husband wanted to hear it from her directly. And maybe he doesnt think of her as a guest because shes family... EDIT: I do also agree with MM and Messy but I wasnt sure how to phrase it properly. I also didnt want to get accused of being crazy for thinking that or something. While it is likely legal for her to drink, and while she is a grown adult capable of saying yes or no, there could always be ulterior motives.
Alcohol is a strange and very unique drug because it fits into all 3 categories and has depressant,hallucinogen. and stimulant properties. It is mostly a depressant though.
Do not give your baby alcohol! It does not ease the pain, it just dulls their senses, making the pain less noticeable (like when you are drunk). Even a tiny dab is bad for their rapidly developing brain.
Weve been seeing eachother for little over a month, and both have made it clear that we would like things to work out between us (were just taking our time cause we both been cheated on). Hes a great guy, very very nice, tons in common, has a good job, hilarious, and very good looking, but theres an issue. It seems like he is an alcoholic. I have come to this conclusion because on three occasions he drank a case of beer at home all by himself simply because he was bored (including tonight, and he said he wasnt feeling good and he took a lot of neo citrin, and specifically drove into town like that to get some beer), worst part is is that he is on call for work 24/7 and hes a snow plow driver. Now the times hes drank a case of beer it wasnt snowing, buuuut that doesnt mean it wont snow in the morning or with how cold its been he could get called out to sand the roads. I dont think hed go if he was drunk but it seems very irresponsible to me, especially because he can get fired for not having a good reason for not coming in (they pay him to be on call all the time so I cant blame them) Hes also told me his past how he used to get sloshed all the time as a teenager and has even drank and drive on a few occasions (MASSIVE turn off) but claims hes no longer like that. I no longer know if I should believe him. I try not to let alcohol bug me too much but my mom is an alcoholic, I dont even drink at all myself. I wouldnt care if he went to party with friends once in a while but him just drinking a case of beer by himself just because hes bored gives me a bad feeling..0
C2H4 Ethylene(g) + H2O(l) ? C2H6O Ethyl alcohol(l) This is a balanced equation, so we can see that one mole of C2H4 produces one mole of ethyl alcohol. Il set it up and you can do the math. (1) calculate the number of moles in 4.9 g of C2H4 moles = (mass g)/(molar mass g/mol) moles C2H4 = (4.9 g)/(28.05 g/mol) = ____ moles (molar mass from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethylene) (2) calculate the theoretical yoied of ethyl alcohol theoretical mole yield C2H6O = (____ moles C2H4)*(1 mole C2H6O)/(1 mole C2H4) = ___ moles C2H6O theoretical mass yield C2H6O = (theoretical mole yield C2H6O )*(molar mass of C2H6O) theoretical mass yield C2H6O = (___ moles C2H6O)*(46.07 g/mol) = ____ g C2H6O (molar mass from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethanol (3) calculate the percent yield. % yield = 100% * (actaul yield in g)/(theoretical yield in g) = 100% * (4.6 g/(____ g)) = ____ % yield
Id rather find my child experimenting with pot than alcohol.
Permanent damage to your liver caused by long-term alcohol intake. Alcohol is basically a mild poison, and the effects you feel when drunk are side-effects of your body taking on too much of the poison. Your liver is the part of your body that purifies your blood of alcohol and any other substances your body considers toxic. But it can only do so much. Abuse of alcohol can lead to your liver wearing itself out trying to remove the toxins, leading to your liver ending up with permanent damage. If the permanent damage becomes too much, thats called cirrhosis.
working class white men: beer in cans middle class white men: beer in bottles working class white women: wine in a box middle class white women: fancy cocktails
He drinks all the time (like a whole case of beer) by himself at home whenever hes bored. Normally I wouldnt care if he was with a few friends and hanging out, but like its by himself... And often, and hes on call 24/7 for work Now this guy is hands down the NICEST guy I have ever met, the only problem is the fact that he drinks a lot like that. How should I talk to him about this? Cause its a huge red flag to me (my mom is an alcoholic and I dont want a boyfriend who is like that). Were not dating yet but we have made it clear that that is our goal (before I realized this problem) so I want to at least see if we can find a happy medium rather than just forgetting anything. I just dont know how or what to say without insulting him0
Google it, and you will find plenty of sources. Or buy 8 regular-size bottles from the drug store. Even if you buy a gallon, it will still contain components so that you cannot drink it. Well, you can drink it, but youll vomit repeatedly.
I think your asking how much is too much... not what could happen... you can find out your BAC here http://www.ou.edu/oupd/bac.htm which can help you find out how much is too much Ethanols acute effects are largely due to its nature as a central nervous system depressant, and are dependent on blood alcohol concentrations: 20   79 mg/dL - Impaired coordination and euphoria 80   199 mg/dL - Binge drinking: Ataxia, poor judgement, labile mood. The National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA) defines the term "binge drinking" as a pattern of drinking that brings a person   s blood alcohol concentration (BAC) to 0.08 grams percent or above.[2] 200   299 mg/dL - Marked ataxia, slurred speech, poor judgement, labile mood, nausea and vomiting 300   399 mg/dL - Stage 1 anaesthesia, memory lapse, labile mood 400+ mg/dL - Respiratory failure, coma
Beer is 95% water. How can you add water to Alcohol, and expect to obtain pure Alcohol?0
Its not a sum, but an average. In other words, equal parts of 95% and 5% mixed together becomes 50% [= (95+5)/2 ] Similarly, mixing one part vodka (40%) with three parts orange juice (0%) becomes 10% ABV.
Yes, their truth comes out. 2 things: THEIR truth, not THE truth Alcohol can distort and confuse thought patterns. It definitely exacerbates issues.
Ideally none but realistically all kinds. Local police needs to enforce the law more than they do already. High School kids have enough trouble with school, they dont need to damage their brains and livers.
Yes my mates trainer said that its the best excuse to have your cheat day and use beer as the carbs. Dont forget that theres basically no calories in vodka so having vodka diet coke or vodka lemonade should be completely fine. It will not harm your diet what so ever, Worst case it will just slow down the speed of you losing weight, by the smallest degree. Hope this helps.
Michael, I would suggest you also ask this question under diseases and conditions. Ive been out of the drug and alcohol field for over a decade. The vets I encountered in the late 20th century had PTSD and were Viet Nam era. We had a number of other clients who had schizoaffective disorder and substance abuse issues. I would imagine that schizoaffective disorder could be present in an individual before military service and made more obvious after combat. I do believe that the combination of schizoaffective, PTSD and substance abuse issues would be a pretty challenging combination. Youve asked an interesting question and I hope you get some definitive answers.
I would simply put into place plans to heavily stigmatize alcohol use. This has worked VERY well in many advanced countries with tobacco use. Banning mind altering drugs like alcohol is useless..... it just creates crime and a black market. EDIT: To "Sherlock Holmes" ...... doing any of that stuff merely creates an INSTANT black market for cheap alcohol. Its been tried many, many times and always fails.4
Keeping christians sober is not my problem. The only reason they ban drinking on Sundays is to force christians to go to church for the communion wine.
Girl, from someone who quit drinking for awhile. I promise after about a week of not drinking I started being even more outgoing and confident. It was always nice to know that they were drinking but you didnt have to worry about slurred words and looking a hot mess when you talked to a guy. Also, I would carry around a cup of water to sip on and as time wore on I was drinking so much water that it completely transformed my skin. Bye bye chapped lips. Alcohol is a depressant, it slows your heart beat and reaction times making you drag around. Youll feel better girl and <SEMCOL>) can make a killing driving your drunk friends home.
Sounds kind of gross, but in works if done carefully. Lay the fresh killed caterpillar in a longed dissecting pan and use glass tubing like a rolling pin to squeeze its innards out the anus, then insert an appropriately sized glass pipette whose tip is warm enough to form a seal and blow into it gently to inflate the empty skin. Mount the resulting specimin on a card point and allow to dry. Such mounts are much superior to alsohol or formalin for preserving nautural appearance and, with proper care, will last for years, but they a very fragile and take lots of practice to get right.
formaldehyde will work great, and is usually used to preserve organisms
If by absorb you mean takes longer to get drunk or reach the limit the answer would be men
I dont know However, that sounds REALLY good. Also, in the US, there are stores in which one can buy supplies for alcohol making. In the town in which I live, there is one literally next door to the liquor store-- which is also in the same shopping center as the license bureau. (I noticed the irony once. In a near by city, the license bureau is in the same shopping center as a liquor store and a pub. Admittedly, I noticed these things when we were cutting through the red tape to get my license back after my DUI. Im digressing.) Just experiment. The worse that can happen is that you have crappy tasting vodka. Before we moved, my husband made wine in our basement. He got a couple of bad batches, but it was still alcohol. :-D Wed either just drink it straight or mix it with a decent tasting $3 or $4 wine to give it some taste. It was too good to throw away (and the time and money that was put in to it). However, it wasnt good enough to share with others.
Do nothing or if you feel your life is being negatively effected then seek out professional counseling. Otherwise learn to drink and have fun.
Sorry about your brother. The fact is, a large portion of the voting public dont think marijuana is dangerous and want it to be legal for various reasons. The politicians tend to do what the voters want. Youll probably see a lot more states legalize it in the next 5 or 10 yrs.
none
Different people respond differently to alcohol - it makes some happy, it makes others depressed. Sounds like a pretty poor plan to me overall, and probably just an excuse for being an alcoholic.
LOL...if youd rather have a Gin and Tonic for breakfast you have a problem.
none
Antidepressants are serious meds. They highten the effects of alcohol. Anyone who takes them for bloating has an irresponsible doctor.
none
none
none
A - look up the changes in demand when the Australian government raise taxes on Alchopops
do you notice nowadays there are "Christians" who drink, smoke, commit adultery, lie, and even worship material items but still are somehow Christians in their mind... (this includes 95% of supposed Christians under the age of 25 pretending like all your guys laws and commandments are somehow outdated. I find it pretty funny sry)
none
I believe you can. I am a teetotaler but I consider myself to be an alcoholic.
I dont know many eighteen year olds who I think are mature enough to drink. Half of them arent even mature enough to drive, in my opinion. However, not all older adults can handle booze, either.
So your on yahoo telling people what a loser you are? Grow up!
Absolutely. Try and do better.
No as it seems your neighbour is using that sign to prevent them from discovering the reality & severity of the situation - underage drinking WAS in fact taking place, so to say there wasnt would be a lie: Underage drinking means underage drinking and so if the law says one cant - the police therefore has every right to do their job.
Oh, Deezy, you must be in such pain. Alcohol will numb the pain briefly, as youve discovered, and it wears off. When I was a drug and alcohol therapist, I worked with so many people who were grieving something in their past or present. Anyone who can drink 15 shots has developed a tolerance thats only possible if you have the brain chemistry that allows the liver to handle that much alcohol. Because you only feel like you used to when you drink, that tells me that youve crossed the line to dependency on alcohol. First step--get a D&A evaluation and follow their recommendations for whatever level of treatment your drinking pattern needs. This will move your body and brain in a direction that can heal the pain of your loss. Step two--grief therapy/counseling and a support group for those whove lost loved ones. The idea that youll "get over" his death is misleading. With help and support, you will get "through" the grieving process. There is no timeline for that process, so dont let anyone tell you that you should "feel okay by now." If you follow those steps, and they will be challenging, I believe you will begin healing and enjoy the new self youre developing and will be able to have a brighter future. Best wishes for a happier, healthier 2014 and 2015.
none
Any liquor store - especially high-end ones, should have it. Shoot, that stuff is even kept in pharmacies. It is used in some medications.
can i be the first to say: you are stupid for using rubbing alcohol on your phone! you should only rub the phone down with a cloth meant for screens/lenses and thats it. pretty sure you will have to go to your phones company store to get it fixed
Should go away in 24 hrs, drink lots of water to dilute it faster
none
Presumably youre referring to the legalization of marijuana. The reputation of marijuana amongst its advocates that it is less harmful than alcohol are based on a lack of studies suggesting a harmful effect but the lack of studies was due to its prior questionable legality in that researchers could not readily acquire it legally for research. Hence you really cant say if its safer or not. All that can be said is that we know alcohol is bad and theres every reason to suspect that there would be issues with marijuana.
depends what your eating and drinking with it aswell!!! if youre gonna drink more alcohol with it then thats clearly wrong and going to damage more!!! if its done nicely with jack daniels type grill meals once in a while then thats still okay for someone who likes a bit of fire!!!
Alcohol does reduce insulin levels for up to 24 hours after drinking. It will depend a bit on which tests you have done but the effects of drinking will be visible However, if what you are concerned about is whether you will test positive for alcohol then the tests dont look for alcohol as such, and will not distinguish between it and other factors. Really, if you are diabetic or prediabetic then you need to be very about drinking regardless of whether anyone is going to be testing you
Alcohol can affect your glucose and insulin levels for over a day. Best to tell your Doctor, you may want to repeat the tests.
Sparkling cider or sparkling white grape juice are great alternatives to champagne. My wedding was alcohol free and we served this non-alcoholic sparkling cider punch. Everyone loved it. Id recommend making a batch beforehand, of course, just so that you can make any changes to it you like. Its really light and refreshing prepared as is, though. The lemonade and club soda cut some of the sweetness of the cider. - 2 lemons - 3 large oranges - 1 (6 oz.) can frozen lemonade concentrate (thawed) - 1 L club soda - 2 (750 ml) bottles sparkling cider - 1 Tbsp. white sugar - Ice cubes Thinly slice the fruit and put them in a large punch bowl. Pour in the lemonade. Gently stir in the soda and cider. Sweeten to taste with the sugar. Add ice.
I would have drank 32 hours up to when I had it pulled!!
I thought it would work when i treated alcohol with love and respect and took a bottle to bed with me every night, but in the end i started to hit the bottle hard to end my addiction.I hit it hard with hammer determination to recover
Well thats a good thing , atleast we know you wont be throwing up on anyone, drink driving, getting in " no reason " fights and the list just goes ON .......
the fact that you are now old enough to legally drink does not do anything for your friends who have yet to reach that golden age Providing alcohol to those under the drinking age is a criminal offence regardless of where it takes place the only exception In Some Jurisdictions is parents may provide their children and nobody elses with some alcohol within reason [ those children might have to be over 14 or over 16 ]
The great Quran practising Maliki jurist and hadith scholar Imam al-Qurtubi says in his Tafsir (commentary of the Quran): The prohibition of alcohol occurred in stages and [after] many incidents, for they [the Arabs] used to love to drink it. The first [verse] revealed regarding the matter of alcohol was: "They ask you about alcohol and gambling. Say: There is great sin in both although there is some benefit for people   " [Baqarah:219] i.e. [benefit] in their trade. Hence, when this verse was revealed, some people left [alcohol] saying, "We have no need for that in which there is great sin," and some did not leave it saying, "We take [from its] benefit and we leave its sin." Thereafter, the verse was revealed: "Do not approach prayer while you are drunk   " [Nisa:43] So some people left it saying, "We have no need for that which distracts us from the prayer," and some drank it outside the times of prayer until the verse was revealed: "O you who believe! Alcohol, gambling, [sacrificing for] idols, and divining of arrows are only an abomination [of Satans work   ]" [Maidah:90-91]So [alcohol] became prohibited for them such that some of them said, "Allah did not prohibit anything as strictly as alcohol."
none
none
none
Andrea, Ive done this many times before, and even though doctors dont recommend it, Ive never had any issues with it whatsoever! :) Allergy meds would be different for sure, but something like Ibuprofen or Advil has never given me any issues. And Ive taken a lot more of each than what youre suggesting above. Be smart with it and dont over do either one and youll be fine!
Yes that would be illegal and you will fail the test. Wait it out then have at the booze once you are fully free.
The celeb version has always had way more alcohol than the regular one. Remember how drunk Charlotte and Carol would get in the Celeb summer version? The alcohol intake of the regular BB got cut back after the huge fight years ago in BB5, which was in part fuelled by drinking. I guess they presume the celebs have a higher tolerance for it, theyre often a bit older and more used to party scene.
16 for 40 proof (20%) 18 for 80 proof (40% 20 for 100 proof (50) 21 for all but to purchase the alcohol you would have to have an adult of age 21 or over. okay, and to those that say to prohibit alcohol once more.... if you ever took a high school American history course, there are several huge reasons the U.S.A relegalized it. two of those major reasons are... -al capones massive moonshine empire. (crime rate rose sharply after prohibition) -no taxes collected on alcohol for the govt.
3% lets say the drop is 100 ml (to make easier), so: first drop is 100 ml solution contain 2 ml alcohol second drop is 100 ml solution contain 4% alcohol total= 200 ml solutions contain 6 ml alcohol but since we want it in %, we divide 6 ml / 2 = 3%. i have wierd way in calculating hhh but hope it helped.
none
Its up to the bride and groom and what their preference is. It is not uncommon here to do a dry reception. If you choose to make the MIL happy, do a champagne toast only using the real stuff and serve non alcoholic beverages for the remainder of the reception. Tacky isnt a word I would use, tacky would be used if you asked your guest to bring their own beer. Now thats tacky.
the alcohol
Thats sketchy..
It is genetic and perhaps psychological.
Most of them time alcohol gives me the shivers... shots warm me up temporarily but later on I will get shivers... looked it up an apparently thats more normal than I thought lol
NO you were sentenced to a 90 day suspension AFTER you turned 16 THE END! Statues of limitation only cover how long they have to CHARGE you once you are convicted and sentenced you are done there are no limitations or appeals.
New Years? As in ten days ago? You wouldnt have symptoms yet. Your symptoms are from hormonal changes. That doesnt rule out pregnancy, but it wouldnt be pregnancy itself causing the symptoms at this point. But reaction time has nothing to do with pre-ejaculate. And thats what causes pregnancy in the "pull out" non-method. eta - Those are not "clear pregnancy symptoms." Those are symptoms of dozens upon dozens of hormonal changes, not to mention possibly just a stomach bug that coincides with a hormonal change or infection causing discharge.
You need to keep that stud in for a minimum of 6 to 8 weeks. Ideally much longer say 6 months. To clean it you should soak it in sea salt. Mixing    teaspoon of non-iodized sea salt mixed into 8 ounces of clean water (4 teaspoons salt into 1 gallon water) creates an approximately 0.9% saline solution. Piercings are submerged and soaked for 5 minutes or so and then rinsed quickly with clean water or sterile saline and patted dry with paper towels or gauze. This is usually done 2-4 times per day. Some Piercers suggest soaking prior to showers and others suggest soaking following showers. The link below might be useful to you. http://community.tribalectic.com/article   
Lots of retail stores have a ban on cameras and photography in their establishments<SEMCOL> probably because if they change their prices, they dont want customers demonstrating that alterations have happened. Its called keeping customers in the dark but if stores were honest and up-front, I cannot see why a photograph ban should exist.
Okay long story short Ive been seeing this guy for just over a month, sweetest guy Ive ever met and we have tons in common. This past week tho, hes gotten drunk by himself at home three days in a row, while hes on call for work. Because of this I had become concerned hes an alcoholic. So for the past few weeks weve been trying to plan a date, cause we never actually went on one yet cause our schedules are pretty opposite, but everytime we made a plan he had to cancel because he got called into work, which is fine, and he was always extremely apologetic about it. Tonight we were supposed to finally go on a date cause he knew he was off for sure, and this morning he cancelled on me because he was too hung over from getting drunk last night, once again by himself at home. I was ofcourse very upset, but was even more upset when all he said was sorry like he really didnt give a flying f*ck about it. I didnt respond to that text message and he never once tried contacting me since. So now I feel like things arent going to work out between us. The thing is I dont know what my next move should be, should I text him first tomorrow? Should I wait for him to text me? What should I say if he texts me like nothing happened? Should I just bring it up or wait for him to text me with an apology? I need advice :( And the reason why drinking like that and acting like that is such a concern for me is because my mom is an alcoholic and its very similar to how she acts0
give it away, and let they enjoy. and have the beer they give you. it is about how to sip, and not gulp, and you should Enjoy.
none
those tests are best left unstudied !
Relax, you made the right decision. Alcohol can damage your liver, and you can work out your fast food in a couple of days. Granted, if you eat fast food every day, it will be bad for your heart and your arteries. But, on the plus side, now you know that when you get bored, you have munchies (emotional eating) or "drinkies" (want to have a drink). Now, you know your triggers and can work on them, to avoid overeating and drinking. You need to work on your boredom, once you manage this problem, everything will be fine. The best teas for your health. 1. White tea. What It Is Leaves from the bud of the tea plant are flash-steamed and dried, so its the least processed form with the most antioxidants and the least caffeine. A light, delicate flavor. What It Does White tea is kryptonite for viruses and bacteria, says Milton Schiffenbauer, Ph.D., a professor of microbiology at Pace University. In his studies, "tea destroys over 80 percent of viruses within 10 minutes," he says. Due to the higher levels of antioxidants, white tea may be the most powerful when it comes to cancer prevention. Researchers at the University of Oregon found that it was the best tea for inhibiting cell mutations     often the early stages of cancer. 2. Black tea. What It Is Leaves are exposed to the air and turn black due to oxidation. A stronger, more traditional taste. What It Does The majority of related research shows that the black brew significantly reduces heart attack, stroke, and death from cardiovascular disease in women. It may also help prevent clogged arteries, improve blood vessel functioning, and lower blood pressure     great reasons to drink to your hearts content. Six cups a day may also provide resistance to microbial infections and possibly tumors, while two cups has been shown to ward off urinary tract cancer. Black tea also contains enough fluoride to successfully fight cavities. 3. Green Tea What It Is Leaves are steamed or cooked prior to oxidation. A crisper but less powerful taste than black. What It Does Asian countries have lower rates of many cancers and a high consumption rate of green tea. Coincidence? No way: The chemicals in green tea have been shown to bond with and destroy cancer cells, and women who drank 10 or more cups a day had a 43 percent reduction in cancer risk. Drinking green tea may also slow the spread of breast cancer and protect smokers from lung cancer. More good news: An unknown component in the tea has lowered tissue fat levels in mice. People who drink five cups a day have a higher metabolic rate and burn more calories- up to 80 a day than non-tea drinkers. 4. Oolong Tea What It Is Produced through a unique process including withering under the strong sun and oxidation before curling and twisting. The taste of oolong ranges hugely amongst various subvarieties. It can be sweet and fruity with honey aromas, or woody and thick with roasted aromas, or green and fresh with bouquet aromas. What It Does Oolong tea may help you keep weight off. Also known as black dragon tea, oolong tea comes from China. Oolong tea contains a chemical component known as theasinensin. A study by Taiwanese researchers M. Yang, C. Wang and H. Chen published in the January 2001 issue of "The Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry," found that oolong tea was more effective than green tea in promoting weight loss in rats. Rats given an extract of oolong tea ate less than those given the green tea extract. 5. Rooibos Tea What It Is Made from a South African plant, called Rooibos. In South Africa, its called Red bush tea. It has by a sweet and nutty taste. What It Does This plant contains a unique and powerful antioxidant known as aspalathin. Antioxidants help slow cellular aging and protect cells.
none
In a standard 1.5 oz. shot of an 80 proof (40% abv) beverage, there are .6 oz. of alcohol. The percentage is going to be the same, regardless of the volume.
try giving him some anti-emetic..i feel hes puking from drinking too much..he should be okay by morning..he needs to stay hydrated though...some water mixed with salt/sugar and lemon juice...he can chew on some cardmons to ease the nausea
The asymmetric borane reduction of acetophenone is investigated using mixtures of homochiral ?-amino alcohol ligands. With stoichiometric amounts of a mixture of two- or three-amino alcohols, the e.e. remains at the level of the best amino alcohol for a wide composition range. A small but statistically significant enhancement in e.e. is observed when 10 mol% of an amino alcohol mixture of (1S,2R)-1-amino-2-indanol and (S)-phenylglycinol is used as chiral ligand. HOPE IT HELPS :)
Your goal for this question is to find the most substituted alcohol. This forms the most stable carbocation intermediate which results in the fastest departing leaving group Answer: 3-methyl-3-pentanol (3-methylpentan-3-ol) Here is a tutorial to help you understand whats going on: http://orgotutorials.com/hydration-reaction/ Here is another one on the topic of carbocation rearrangements: http://orgotutorials.com/category/carbocation/ hope these help
D. 2-Methylpropan-2-ol (t-butyl alcohol) is a tertiary alcohol. It will not oxidize easily. If it oxidizes, it has to break C-C bonds to do so. That is why tertiary alcohols give a negative chromic acid test.
2-propanol the rate of reaction is tertiary>secondary>primary>

Same here, actually. I havent puked since I was 7 or so, not from sickness nor alcohol. I think its normal, like some people just dont get the puke reflex that easily. Also if you have emetophobia (fear of vomiting) like me, that might actually contribute to it<SEMCOL> when you havent puked in long, you might find its not possible to do it anymore. But yeah if you could puke it could help with the stomach pains when hungover. At least people say it does help.
none
none
To be honest, this is nearly a semesters worth of OChem, and it really wont help you to just tell you the answers. Read these: Alkanes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alkane#Chem    Alkenes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alkene#Reac    Alcohols http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol#Rea    Ketones http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ketone#Reac    Aldehydes http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldehyde#Co    For the combinations, also try an Internet search on that combo, e.g. "reaction of an alkene with an alcohol".
You want something called a bota bag. It can be carried underneath your armpit for concealment.
In our state a person holding a liquor license to sell alcoholic or to serve alcoholic beverages has a right to refuse a sale for any reason. This protects their Liquor License from being suspended for selling to, lets say, fraudulent ID holders. Many places that sell alcohol will defend their license if they feel it is threatened by an illegal sale. In any event, one form of ID should be sufficient. Using a dang library card or student ID as an acceptable form of ID is ridiculous. So, yes, I do think you are being harassed. Quite frankly, I would not give that establishment my business and I would shop elsewhere because they do not deserve my money. In the meanwhile, I would write to their corporate headquarters and relay your experience, name the store and the manager who is treating you poorly and let them take care of any consequences. Then dont go back there.
Who knows? Maybe by taking all these drugs and drinking all this alcohol were doing future generations a favour by encouraging evolution to make them immune to their harmful side effects, lol. After all, its worked for rats with strychnine, most of them can eat it with no ill effects after generations of being poisoned with it. The same goes for bacteria and antibiotics
It is not ok and it is dangerous. Both the alcohol and the accutane can be hard on the liver. Damage the liver and you die without a transplant. Not a good trade off. Find another stress reliever for the next few months.
Well, I did anyways.....the age requirement is 18 where I live
Ive had loads of parties without alcohol! All you need is some good friends and your all set! Ive had camping parties in my garden and let me tell you it was a lot of fun!! And absolutely no alcohol was involved. Music is good because it provides a good backdrop for your party that gets people in a good spirited mood. Have plenty of snacks and non alcoholic drinks. Depending on how many people there are, maybe order a pizza or Chinese food. Plan out lots of games and fun stuff to do so people dont get bored. Its really easy to have fun without alcohol. A house party with 30 people is a lot of fun if it all goes well, but remember the cleaning youll have to do afterwards and any breakages, extra people who might turn up if it gets busy or things that might get stolen. A garden party with 6 or so best friends Id say is more fun because its a chance to get to know them better and hang out and make memories. Id definitely recommend this one if you dont want to make too much mess and just have fun. Tents are fun too because you dont have to keep the noise down to a minimum if your parents are asleep. Hope you have a lot of fun whatever you choose to do <SEMCOL>D
none
Yes and besides 14 year olds shouldnt be drinking.
I believe having your heart beat really fast is dangerous so I would stop drinking 2 cans fast. The same happened to me only I drank 2 cans of Monster Energy. (Im NOT saying stop drinking, Im just saying dont drink quickly. If you get what I mean)
none
We banned Tommy Guns back in the 1930s. When was the last time you saw a crime committed with one? Im not trying to stir the pot, or trying to make some big stand against the 2nd Amendment, but Id like to know the answer to my question.
The product doesn&#x27<SEMCOL>t sound damaging to your hair at all. I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t worry about it becoming damaged.
Just say, "No thanks" or "Do you have some orange juice (or whatever non-alcoholic drink you prefer)" I sometimes find myself at parties where marijuana is being smoked and I dont smoke it. Its very easy for me to say, "No thanks, Ill stick to my beer" and theres an end to the matter.0
Dont you remember what mom told you? If all your friends jumped of a cliff................... What if they tried to push veganism, or meat eating on you? (which ever you may prefer) Suppose they push you to be a Duke fan, and you cant stand Duke? Suppose they push you to be a Democrat, but you are a Republican? The real issue is with you.
GNC has a huge book on herbs and how much you take. Their stuff is pretty reputable and allow time for the herb to take effect. Remember that the herbs and prescription medications have the same chemical so use caution. Googles pretty good too. For example, melatonin is good for insomnia and split the one in half because they usually sell it at a higher dose than you need. If the herbs dont work, please see a doctor for meds. Ive met three alcoholics and so far two passed away from liver failure at 50. The third one was lucky to get a liver transplant. Please, please, please find a safer way to relax. Your mood issue is more common than you think. Good luck.
1. The government would have difficulty taxing a plant that can grow in your own backyard. 2. Less cultural acceptance 3. More people being arrested for marijuana=more jobs for police and authorities. 4. Also gives an excuse to have a much larger police force, otherwise more government control.
Unfortunately both are legal.
Possibly, though just like the restaurant version the alcohol would have been boiled away. So maybe some beer flavour, but no alcohol kick.
No, it is only used for preventing infections.
Usually one beer in or one once of 80 proof is .02 on the system per hour but on average your body burns off .015 per hour. But weight & tolerance may very.
none
I am an avid drinker and vodka is my choice of drink and yes while drinking I will suck on candy to keep my sugar from dropping since alcohol does lower my blood sugar.
alcohol may cause gastritis leadimg to diaphramatic irritation may resulting hiccuphs
Get mouth wash
Nuevo is right on the money. Your liver is the only organ in your body that can regrow itself. It doesnt need any herbal nonsense in order to do this - just time. Eating a balanced diet that includes the things that growing cells need (protein, fats, cholesterol) is the best thing you can do to heal your liver.
Tonic and a lime. Looks like a gin and tonic. I used to do this for a few people at the bar I worked at. Even soda water with lemon or lime will do. Its just with tonic... if someone taste it it kind of taste like a mixed drink.
I know this is hard for you and commend you for recognizing what is happening. your life will get better and youre right... most men are not like your father. Keep in mind as you grow older you need to resist those same temptations that brought him down. Avoid alcohol and drugs and live a good, wholesome life. That will be how you can leave a good legacy out of all of this. You cant change your parents. How you can change is make your live better than theirs.
divide each % value by respective atomic mass : C = 52.18/12 = 4.348 H = 13.04/1 = 13.04 O = 34.78/16 = 2.174 Divide through by smallest vaue: C = 4.348/2.174 = 2 H = 13.04/2.174 = 6 O = 2.174/2.174 = 1 Formula = C2H6O But you know that the compound is an alcohol - it must have an OH group Rewrite formula to include the OH group: C2H5OH which is ethanol.
You are still in a bit of trouble, although your additional details does clear up some of the problem. Thank you for that. Our next problem is to figure out whether the alcohol content is by mass or volume. Using this as a reference http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Low-alcohol    Im going to assume that the 5.31% is by volume. That means that 355 mL of beet contains 5.41 / 100 * 355 = 19.21 mL of alcohol in the beer. We are going to have to work on the mass of the alcohol because we dont know much about the density of blood but we can find its mass. V = 19.21 m = ??? d = 0.789 grams / mL m = d * V m = 0.798 * 19.21 m = 15.33 grams. The next thing to worry about is exactly how much blood is in the body. 7 pounds of blood are in 100 pounds of body weight x pounds of blood are in 140 pounds of body weight Set up a ratio. 7/x = 100 / 140 Cross multiply 7*140 = 100 x 980 = 100 x x = 9.8 pounds of blood. Im going to do something very sloppy here. Im going to convert the pounds into kg which means Im using pounds as a mass. Stores do it. We can too. 1 kg = 2.2 pounds x kg = 9.8 pounds 9.8 = 2.2 x x = 4.45 kg = 4545 grams. Finally have have similar units. The percent is 15.33 / 4545 * 100 = 0.337% alcohol in your blood stream.
In my personal experience its been easy to take alcohol on board and Ive done it several times. Youll hear from LOTS of Nervous Nellies here that warn not to do it. But, if youre very careful, and follow common sense, its easy. Others will go on and on endlessly about the "risks" of taking alcohol on the ship etc but that wasnt your question now was it? So ignore the answers here from those people who say dont try it. Ive been on several cruises and was able to get alcohol on board with no problem at all. I used rum runner flasks from their website http://www.rumrunnerflasks.com/ These work great! Just fill them about 2/3 full and squeeze out the air before you put on the cap so theyll remain flexible. Then they can be put in with your clothing etc in your checked luggage to go on board the ship. I also put them in heavy duty zip-lock bags too just to be safe that there are no leaks. Mine didnt leak at all. Just put them inside shoes with a sock stuffed in behind or rolled up in clothes. These flasks are virtually invisible to the xray machines because they are made completely of plastic. This is all explained at the website. Things are so hectic at the terminal when theyre boarding the passengers and thousands of pieces of luggage the chances of your luggage being hand checked are very slim. When you arrive at the terminal just put your luggage onto or in front of an empty luggage carrier. Those are large and loaded with forklifts onto the ship and then the luggage is distributed from those during the first few hours of the cruise. The workers are overwhelmed with all that luggage and its a safe bet your luggage will just be moved along till its at your cabin. Here are a couple of YouTube videos showing how to pack rumrunners for a cruise. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc9nc0vI    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8bAhnxo    Here is a link to an overall search of YouTube where you can watch lots of videos on the topic. https://www.youtube.com/results?search_q    Good luck to you and I hope this is helpful! Be sure to ignore all the answers youll now get telling you not to do it...
Taxes on alcohol and tobacco are mainly provincial> latest #s from Stats Can are for 2009 ..... $4.747B (CAN).
This would be because different people respond in different ways to the effects of alcohol. Also, different people have different reasons for drinking. The person who gets nicer may drink to relax and release some tension. The person who gets mean or tearful may have been holding something inside that they would have a hard time expressing while sober. A shy person may drink to become more social. Some people may get mean just because they drank way too much and have lost all reasoning and understanding skills, as well as inhibitions.
none
I wouldnt advise you to try and make alcohol out of spoiled lemonade. Its not that simple. You could get sick. Just throw it out - unless you have some real still skills.
After 11 hours - no answer, so maybe no one can think of a good reason. There are bad reasons of course<SEMCOL> many people in power do not want to admit they are wrong. But it will not be long before it will be legal in dozens of countries.
Are you a dimwit or a nitwit?
When the fame leaves, their phone no longer rings because they grew up etc....they turn to drugs and alcohol. This is also evidenced by the high suicide rate as well. We use these children for our amusement and then do not give them the tools to pick up when the spotlight fades. Most are also not grounded by solid families but rather families who put them before the camera for money or their own attention. The few who have succeeded after the limos stopped coming no doubt had these families who supported them as they did other things.
You are destroying your liver. That would account for your stomach pains, and the rest. You need alcohol intervention, to stop , if you cant do that yourself, and some therapy that will help you resolve once and for all the underlying pain and reasons you drink. This method will help you do that, if you find someone experienced with ocd as well,. They are very nice people and this is the only method that will actually do that once and for all, eftmasters.co.uk, hope you do that. create a happy life.
It depends where you are. Local councils can make byelaws declaring certain areas to be alcohol-free zones, and you can be arrested and fined for drinking alcohol in them. Naturally they will do this for areas that have had trouble with disorderly drunks in the past.
yeigermeister and brisk ice lemonade. mix it and it tastes like sweet tea. new amsterdam is good. dont forget your everclear
Absolutely no way. 2 shots of brandy is absolutely nothing. To get alcohol poisoning you really need to get seriously intoxicated<SEMCOL> and I mean really, really blind drunk.
No. Because of leakage potential and age restrictions on alcoholic beverages, they are prohibited from single packages. Besides, the cost to ship would be more than you paid for them.
Stay out of trouble lol But to answer your question, vodka is the ultimate mixing liquor. Its "neutrality" causes it to blend right in with anything.
neither do.
Call a lawyer who gives free consultations and go from there.
none
Theres no alcohol in it, and its not full of bad stuff either. It costs about $4/bottle and can be found in most larger Supermarkets.
The alcohol will not induce vomiting unless you drink a lot (really drunk), drinking could make your throw up if you are feeling full to bursting (you choked down your last bite of food) but that could happen if you drank water.
People like you are annoying. Youre like the twin evil of those obnoxious kids who try and shame people INTO drinking. No one cares what you think. At least if I was drunk right now Id be less annoyed.
none
none
The main causes of liver diseases is excessive alcohol. However, if you are serious about quitting, the chances of you getting these diseases are very low or if not nothing at all.
Check out: http://www.rockbottomcruises.com/faq/lug    It has a thorough explanation of what scanners can see, also gives you the best methods for not getting caught.
none
You are an alcoholic when you are dependent on alcohol. Ask yourself these questions. Could I survive if I never drank again? How many days can I go without a drink? Do I find myself thinking about drinking all the time? When I have a problem do I automatically solve it with a drink? Do I drink at work? If you said no to the first one, less than 7 to the second, yes to the third, yes to the fourth, and yes to the last you are a serious alcoholic. If you said yes to any that are yes or no you have a drinking problem, the level of which I dont know but you want to seek help before you turn into an alcoholic. I have a long history of it in my family, and battled with it myself when I started drinking, and now I can go months without drinking without a problem and dont use it to solve problems.
You just cannot live without water.
While everyone is busy being high and feeling good they will come in and take the 2nd Amendment away and no one will be capable of banding together to get it back.. That is when all the fun begins:-)
In a way yes, here is my best answer: After graduating from Columbia Universitys College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1845, Dr. Holmes developed a keen interest in the proper preserving of cadavers for dissection. He was also openly critical of the chemical preservatives that were commonly used and the possible health risks that they posed to medical students. Considering that many of the popular preservatives used arsenic and mercury, he was likely right. In searching for a better way to preserve bodies, he discovered that European anatomists had already begun experimenting with arterial embalming, i.e., opening up an artery in the cadaver, flushing out the blood with water and replacing it with a preservative (typically alcohol). Through his research, Dr. Holmes developed a more practical embalming solution that he patented and sold commercially. Following President Lincoln`s assassination, Mary Todd Lincoln personally requested that Dr. Holmes be placed in charge of her husband`s embalming. She had been familiar with his work after seeing how effective he was in preparing the body of Colonel Elmer Elsworth, the first casualty of the U.S. Civil War. The Lincolns had been impressed enough to have Dr. Holmes embalm the body of their son, William Wallace Lincoln, when he died in 1862. Embalming the President`s corpse for the long funeral train was probably the best possible advertisement for the new arterial embalming technique since thousands of mourners were able to see for themselves how effective it could be.
I rarely clean my car or windows, im a slob. but, I have used isopropyl alcohol cleaning glass smoking devices before and it is fine. it does a great job with no damage.1
Yes. Dough contains extracts as flavorings also, which contain alcohol, and freezing doesnt deteriorate it. Unless youre making some kind of get-drunk stupid concoction to freeze for later, standard measures for alcohol or extracts freeze perfectly.
none, it may kill you. sober up dude.
Captain and orange soda is surprisingly delicious. Of course vodka and orange juice (or cranberry or grapefruit) is great. Whiskey and sour mix. Southern comfort lime just with ice and maybe a splash of water. Any dark liquor with gingerale. I know you dont like wine but champagne and orange juice is great. Gin and sprite Tequila and watermelon slush from sonic. Diet coke and real lime slice with Crown. Hawaiian punch and grey goose.
you can use it but you cant drink alcohol I mean I brought perfumes for my brother that has a little bit of alcohol in and he has perfumes that have a little bit of perfume. personally I dont really use alcohol perfume
none
Try some Mead - - it is made with honey I dont believe that breaks any laws. Pork - depending on how it is prepared and the cut can taste close to chicken (tenderloin cut), however there are so many ways and cuts of pork it is quite versatile (ham is like smoked turkey leg) - bacon is proof God loves us and wants us to be happy.
I is not good to drink too much alcohol. It is bad for your health. It can cause liver cancer and pancreatic cancer and who knows what else. You are way to young to get slightly drunk. It is habit forming and before long you could be an alcoholic, Please stop now when you can!
none
Yes usally at the leeds festival your not aloud alcohol anyway over age or not,but most people manage to snek it in a small bag
Just a note here. Did you know that many people consider strong perfume as offensive as body odor? And that many others have allergies to perfume scents which make them very sick? And although you enjoy this particular brand, what are the chances that others dont like it so much? Please be respectful of others. If by wanting people to smell you, I assume you want that in some positive way. A subtle scent is much more attractive than an overpowering odor. No, I think youll screw the whole thing up by adding alcohol.
no alcohol wont kill yeast, in fact you use yeast to make alcohol - it converts sugar into alcohol. you can buy some really effective creams from the chemist that will quickly cure it, by the way dont have sex before you get rid of it as you can pass it on to your girlfriend
The term "alcohol poisoning" generally refers to death induced by the over-consumption of alcohol. Its a one time deal. You drink one night to the point that your blood alcohol content (BAC) reaches toxic levels, and you die. Technically speaking, however, any time you drink alcohol you are poisoning yourself. Your liver has to detoxify the alcohol. If your liver fails, alcohol will kill you. Your situation, however, sounds more like your body is just reacting badly to alcohol after a long bender, almost like an allergic reaction. Some people cant tolerate alcohol (Im one of them) and throw up any alcohol they drink, even if they used to drink a lot. It does not mean you are dying, it just means you shouldnt be drinking.
they are different types of alcohol but you may be allergic I knew a korean lady whose face flushed when she drank whiskey and another who sneezes when drinking hard liquor bestwishes
Mixing alco with any drug can give unseen effects, if you do, only try like 1 drink and see how it goes first
Two wrongs dont make a right. Besides two people take a drug test for a job<SEMCOL> and two days before the test one smokes and the other drinks. Who has to worry<SEMCOL> after impairment wears off?
They probably run about the same. However, "they" claim that alcohol addiction is genetic to some degree. Though, having experienced racism in the past when it comes to "scientific" results, I tend to withhold judgement for the time being. This could just be another way to strike at the Native Americans and their "firewater," as "whites" have done for so long. My first impression is that alcohol could have a stronger lure since it is much more socially accepted. Marijuana is still "illegal," so it can be harder to obtain and faces negative repercussions. But, this has no real impact on which is more addictive. Alcohol, however, can become physically addictive as well as mentally. Marijuana seems to only have the problem of being mentally addictive.
You should have metabolised the alcohol by now. If the sickness doesnt sort itself out, go to your doctor as you might have picked up an infection.
none
Alcoholism can cause mood swings, the constant need to hit that feeling of euphoria from the alcohol, people can lose control and become quite angry, they can also become extremely quite and insular. There can be anxiety and depression, broken sleep and general fatigue. This can all lead to a tense person and unstable moods. Alcoholism affects the neurons on the brains circuitry and therefore can affect ones personality in different ways.
Although alcoholism is a recognized disease, the damaging behavior it causes in a family is the fall out that cant be lived with. If someone suffers from ADHD and will not take their daily medications and stay away from stress, alcohol and street drugs, then they can never function. They live in their parents basement until they are 65....then move into senior housing. If someone suffers from diabetes and will not take their medications and remain on their diet, they will suffer from blindness (retinopathy), kidney failure (nephropathy) and eventually have their feet or toes amputated due to neuropathy and poor blood flow which causes gangrene to set in. And they will die. The alcoholic leaves not only a lot of medical problems for his own body but a lot of emotional problems within his own family in his wake. Its bad enough that he is killing himself or not functioning but its even worse for the emotional damage he does to others in the family if they tolerate and put up with it.
NO. Alcohol smells life barf. Dont risk it. Ive had WAY to many cuts and bruises. Just, dont do it, OK? Good. :)Deal with it :) AND if u stink like barf (again) after breaks and you sweat a lot, then try mixing salt and baking soda together and rubbing it on your armpits :)
Its easy to check a persons age. How would a bartender or liquor clerk check a persons maturity? I remember when the drinking age went from 18 to 21. There was an immediate drop in the number of alcohol-related traffic accidents. Personally, I would not mind seeing the minimum age drop to 18 again - - provided that you could not drive until you were 21. Which would YOU prefer?
NO, that is what fermentation does, the yeast consume sugars then give off co2 and alcohol. Primary fermentation can happen in a few days to a week depending on the amount of yeast and temperature - conditions.
An ester. You should really review all of the pages here: http://www.chemgapedia.de/vsengine/vlu/v   
none
Bring some rum, play all around the world.
yes, the amount of alcohol thats acceptable for an alcoholic to drink and claim recovery is none.
I feel that such establishments dilute the alcohol content by about 50%.
Oh yeah. Second only to tobacco for deaths, and tobacco cant really be called psychoactive. Nothings bad in moderation, except like being stabbed and something.
Alcohol is a depressant and reduces your heart rate and your blood pressure. Thats why people drink after work or in the evening....its to calm down.
If you can prove you are of legal drinking age you can buy it yourself - proof is the criteria for over the counter sales. Dont you have an old ID with a birth date on it? You can travel on airlines with expired id as long as the picture and feature set matches.
Alcohol and Drugs are becoming more prevalent in our Government and explains why we have a defunct government.
welcome to the world if you think saudi girls are some kind horeeins from heaven It is time to shut off your computer and spend some time in the real world.
the Turkish one maybe?
v - volume of alcohol 1000+v - final volume . . . v / (1000+v) = 10% 100v / (1000+v) = 10 . . . . . . . . .100v = 10*(1000+v) . . . . . . . . . . . . . = 10,000 + 10v . . . . . . . . . . 90v = 10,000 . . . . . . . . . . . . v = 10,000 / 90 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .= 1000 / 9 . . . . . . . . . . . . . .= 111.1111111...ml
To create the carbonyl group in oxidation of alcohols you need to remove the hydrogen atom from the hydroxy group, plus a hydrogen atom from the carbon atom to which this hydroxy group is attached. In tertiary alcohols, the hydroxy group is attached to a carbon that has no other hydrogen atoms bonded to it.
none
none
none
The alcohol may have melted the plastic lens. So put toothpaste on your finger and go at it from the inside and try rubbing the toothpaste on the lens. It takes scratches off CDs and DVDs. you are going to have to finger it to rub it. It works like polishing compound.. Otherwise buy a cheap watch. I bought my cheap watch years ago and even replaced the battery(which alone costs more than the watch did) so I am talking a $5. digital that came with a battery.
I brought wine back from France when I was 17 and had no issues. However, it is possible your bag may be searched when you come back to the USA, and they might take it if they check your age. The Germans arent going to have a problem with it, its re-entering the USA where you could possibly get it confiscated.
Stop as soon as you can. Take some English lessons to take your mind off withdrawal pains.
Non-fermented grape juice does not contain alcohol or any other drug that would cause you to fail a drug test. Fermented grape juice (wine) does contain alcohol. Whether or not alcohol would cause you to fail a drug test will depend on the type of test and what it is for.
absolutely not!! I started at 13 actually, had my first beer with my sister. There is absolutely nothing wrong with drinking alcohol at your age, as long as you dont exagerate!!! Try and lay off the heavy stuff till you are a bit older, if you start with the straight vodka now you might get hurt even if you have a good metabolism...I mean, do as you like but im 17 and i started drinking heavy stuff at 16. Enjoy!
none
Maybe because the Christmas holidays are the longest, and everywhere is shut for the one day, so families take this opportunity to get together, eat and drink.
Yes, you can be arrested. The legal principle is called "constructive possession". If there is something illegal in an area you are in control of, then you are considered in possession. Because your parents were gone, you as an adult are considered in control of the house and the charges will stick. The fact it is private property doesnt matter. The law applies everywhere.
20 years ago my son was king hit outside a pub and had his jaw broken, but this was not something that the media picked up on in those days. 40 years ago I was married to a violent alcoholic, the media wanted nothing to do with domestic violence then, and it was difficult to get the police to take an interest. Today the same violence makes headlines, but I dont think the level of violence per capita has increased, we are simply more aware of what is happening around us.
none
none
Normally a solid colored coffee tumbler is best (like those washable, portal coffee mugs), but I do agree with the two wise people before me. Its a good way to get in trouble. This also depends on where youre going and how casual it is. If you have to pay a cover charge, youre more likely to get caught. If its a hole in the wall, they probably wont care. You could also "pre game" and just get a decent buzz before you go, hang out a bit, then convince youre friends to go somewhere else. Just dont drink and drive, duh, thatll really screw up your life. good luck :)
Most wine novices appreciate for their first red wine something light and fruity like a Beaujolais, a Gamay de Touraine or the like.
CH3CH2OH + [O] --> CH3CHO + H2O THIS is not a half-reaction, so dont compare with the 2nd. It isnt even a properly balanced equation ... [O] is merely trying to tell you oxygen is involved from some oxidizing agent, without even telling you what that oxidizing agent is. IF you want to compare them you should take the 2 half-reactions and turn them into a balanced equation. 3 X (CH3CHO + H2O --> CH3COOH + 2H+ + 2e-) 3CH3CHO + 3H2O --> 3CH3COOH + 6H+ + 6e- Cr2O72- + 14H+ + 6e- --> 2Cr3+ + 7H2O (now add to cancel e-) 3CH3CHO + 3H2O + Cr2O72- + 14H+ --> 3CH3COOH + 6H+ .... + 2Cr3+ + 7H2O << now cancel extra H20 from left and H+ from right 3CH3CHO + Cr2O72- + 8H+ --> 3CH3COOH + 2Cr3+ + 4H2O This isnt a complete reaction because they didnt tell you if it is potassium dichromate or that the pos. ion in the compound is. The also didnt tell you what acid is being used for the H+. But... even with those problems, you can see that H2O really is a product, NOT a reactant in the completed equation. << answer
You dont say what youre cleaning, so I cant answer the question but I can give you some tips. 1. Alcohol wont harm most fabrics. 2. Alcohol might make some colors run so test a small hidden area first. 3. Alcohol is flammable. If you put a piece of cloth containing alcohol into warm water in the wash machine, some alcohol vapor will come out. The hot water heater is probably nearby and the pilot light can ignite flammable vapors. So rinse the alcohol out of your fabric in a sink before bringing it into the laundry room. 4. Alcohol is a good solvent for some things and not for others. You should test a small area first. Adding laundry detergent will help.
none
It is a type of distilled spirit, aka. hard liquor. (Other distilled spirits are gin, vodka, brandy, etc.) It is made of a cereal of some sort, most commonly barley but could be rye, wheat, etc., or a mixture thereof. It is distantly related to beer, in that you make it by first preparing something similar to beer, and then distill that one or more times to remove water and impurities, ending up with a strong and relatively clear spirit, not too dissimilar to vodka. You then mature it in wooden barrels/casks, which gives it a different colour and flavour from vodka. Whiskey (with -ey) is the American or Irish spelling<SEMCOL> whisky (-y) is the Scottish/British. There are different types of whiskies, depending on where they are made (eg. Scotch is made in Scotland), or what they are made of (eg. rye whiskey).
Im having a coors light right now, it makes Y!A more fun. try it sometime.
Holidays like Christmas are times when traditionally families get together. Often people with addictions have alienated themselves from their families because of the negative behaviours that come out of their addiction. As a result, some people feel even more alone and terrible and they drink/use to cope with that pain. Christmas can be a big trigger because it can remind people of what may have brought them to their addiction in the first place. For example if someone was sexually abused by their father, they may feel sad they cant have a healthy relationship with that person and are missing out on (what is supposed to be) a great family memory being made.
Consumption of alcohol clouds the judgment.
You missing out! It&#x27<SEMCOL>s fun as longest you know who&#x27<SEMCOL>s around you and trust those around you. Drinking is fun, but with limits. I&#x27<SEMCOL>m not encouraging you to drink, but each have their own opinions. I drink every time there&#x27<SEMCOL>s a family party. P.S. I have been very successful, graduated from college, have a good job, and I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t let alcohol take over my responsibilities.
Health Effects of Alcohol Consumption 1.Arthritis:Increases risk of gouty arthritis 2. Cancer: Increases the risk of cancer in the liver, pancreas, rectum, breast, mouth, pharynx, larynx and esophagus 3. Fetal Alcohol Syndrome: Causes physical and behavioral abnormalities in the fetus 4. Heart Disease: Raises blood pressure, blood lipids and the risk of stroke and heart disease in heavy drinkers. Heart disease is generally lower in light to moderate drinkers. 5.Hyperglycermia :Raises blood glucose 6. Hypoglycemia: Lowers blood glucose, especially for people with diabetes 7. Kidney Disease: Enlarges the kidneys, alters hormone functions, and increases the risk of kidney failure 8. Liver Disease:Causes fatty liver, alcoholic hepatitis and cirrhosis 9.Malnutrition:Increases the risk of protein-energy malnutrition,<SEMCOL> low intakes of protein, calcium, iron, vitamin A, vitamin C, thiamine, vitamin B6 and riboflavin, and impaired absorption of calcium, phosphorus, vitamin D and zinc. 10. Nervous Disorders:Causes neuropathy and dementia<SEMCOL> impairs balance and memory 11. Obesity: Increases energy intake, but not a primary cause of obesity 12. Psychological disturbances: Causes depression, anxiety and insomnia
Your problem is depression, not your mother or the other issues. Depression is a serious medical condition and you MUST get help. Go and see your doctor right away.
A good way for him to stay off the drinking is to go to A.A. I know I been sober over 20years its helped lots of people all over the world just about so if he wants to stay sober one day at A time he will meet A lot of great people you like he is now sober . Now as far as him to stop drinking dont mean he needs to pick up smoking or any other bad thing thats in his hear Well try A.A. for 90days. Good luck
none
I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t suggest combining any medication and alcohol, regardless of the time frame. But, if you&#x27<SEMCOL>re hellbent on having a drink, then I&#x27<SEMCOL>d suggest stopping your medication a good day or two before hand, just to make sure you avoid the possibly lethal consequences.
I certainly prefer stainless steel cookware for cooking with wine or spirits. I would never use a cast iron skillet for cooking with wine/spirits or alcohol. The same for cooking with acidic ingredients like citrus fruits and tomatoes. Use stainless steel cookware.
none
Are you underage? You said "he", and "new friend"----be careful---that is something that some guys will do to try and take advantage of a girl. He might think if he gets you drunk, it will be easier for him to force himself on you. If you dont drink, but he wants you to drink anyway, thats kinda fishy. Also, if you dont drink, then it wont take much for you to get really drunk, really fast--and he knows that. Please, please, please be careful. Everyday I see on the news that a young girl was raped and she was to intoxicated to do anything about it....
How is your tolerance? Fairly high. Frighteningly high, perhaps, for someone your age. Wouldnt be surprised if alcohol becomes a problem for you within the next 15 years.
none
A fine wine is like an elegant woman.
Get a job?
none
Hi from France ? From what you told on here, I dont think you are an alcoholic. However if you continue to do like you mentioned (drink alone), you take a big risk to become an alcoholic ! In fact its like that it starts ! Sorry but its true ! Best Cat.
Alcohol lamp http://mikegigi.com/modeling.htm#CASTING    It provides a large clean moderate temperature flame that allows even heating of larger blades and local heating of edges or smaller tools. No soot. I prefer the one shown on my page to the ones shown in your links because there are times when wax is built up on a tool on purpose or incidentally and the upright flame of your tools means any melted wax that falls off probably hits the wick and may produce smoke and soot.
A Few Days a Week i indulge :)
Yes, but you shouldnt use it every night before bed to help you sleep
12, a   pint bitter shandy
none
none
Have you stepped up to more than once a dat to ask this silly question?
Yea as long as your not taking any antidepressants&#x2F<SEMCOL>anxiety medications or pain meds. Basically if it isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t a narcotic or other type of controlled drug like xanax or valium your good to drink up
Rum doesnt taste sweet but many sweet drinks are made with rum. The taste of fruit juice hides the alcohol in rum, so there is a whole genre of tropical drinks with rum and pineapple juice and they taste like fruit punch. Guys use these to get girls drunk. Any drink that tastes like fruit is going be sweet, or fruit liqueurs like Triple-Sec or Cointreau or Grand Marnier (orange) or Midori (melon) or fruit-flavored schnapps. Or Creme de Cacao (chocolate) or Creme de Menthe (peppermint). If theres fruit on the label its probably sweet. 8^) There are exceptions, like kirsch, a brandy made from cherries thats not sweet at all, and slivovitz (not sure of the spelling) which is made from pears but tastes like gasoline.
No Alcohol is not allowed in Islamic countries and sometimes penalty can reach death like in saudi arabia
none
You go to Systembolaget and buy what you find at the top of this list: http://www.apk.se/ Its listing amount of alcohol per SEK. (Swedish Krona) in the products.
Its too bad the schools are propagandizing kids into believing there is man-made Global Warming, when there is none. And there never was any. What global warming? Its been cooling for at least 12 years. http://www.woodfortrees.org/plot/hadcrut    Top climate scientists say there is no man-made Global Warming. The Great Global Warming Swindle http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtevF4B4R    Global Warming Doomsday Called Off http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr5O1HsTV    
Alcohol, every time. No one has EVER died from too much marijuana. MANY have died from too much alcohol, either from alcohol poisoning, or liver failure. The only way pot can kill you is if you   re stupid enough to drive or operate heavy machinery while you   re impaired, and then it   s a car wreck or something that kills you. That type of accident can happen, and DOES happen, much more often with alcohol than with pot. People have also died from nasty things bad dealers have put in their marijuana, but never from marijuana alone. That type of poisoning comes from    bad    alcohol, too. Since by keeping alcohol legal AND regulated, that rarely happens anymore (when was the last time you heard of someone buying black market booze?) but it can still happen with pot - which is why IT should be legalized and regulated. >
first of all alcohol is a drug. but id say drugs like meth and coke probably have more substance addicts. I say this knowingly that far more people use alcohol than drugs, alcohol does not usually create very serious addiction problems. drugs like weed will almost always create a serious addiction. The real question is, is the number of people addicted to alcohol larger than the number of people that use drugs?
I think you can give them all the information in the world but it is up to the person to seek and want the help. You havnt given much information so its hard to answer, rehab is probably the best option there is AA etc... or drug and alcohol counsellors to go to. If you are in a relationship with an alcoholic you might have to put in your own boundaries if they dont seek help then there will be consequences (like in the intervention show) ... maybe if it is a loved one you want to help you need to contact AA or a drug and alcohol counsellor to seek information to answer your questions, there is usually support groups for friends and families of alcoholics. good luck
It all depends I guess. Personally Im a Belgian university student and I have more than a beer a day and very often a nice glass of Ricard (Pastis) in the evening but I dont consider myself alcoholic, far from that. Okay, its true that its a habbit and going a day without a single beer feels weird, but Im just used to it, Im not gonna start shaking because I havent had my beer.. It probably depends on how you cope without it more than quantity, and factors like conditions in which you drink, if youre capable of drinking strong alchohol after a serious hangover then you know youre in trouble..
Beer in most parts of the world. (Vodka in Eastern Europe, Scandinavia, Finland, Russia, or Wine in France.)
Everyone is different and that means that somethings are more addictive than others from person to person. Booze may be your "drug of choice" because it releases some sort of pressure or dulls some sort of pain. Pain which you may not even be aware of in the normal course of the day. So, yes, your experience is not surprising.
Youre being pretty sensible, trust me I wouldnt even think about how long to wait.. There probably is a duration to respect for it to be as healthy and safe as possible, but I can guarantee you that you wont be having any problems by drinking a beer shortly after a few shots.. Unless you have a sensitive constitution or arent used to alcohol. But if youre not feeling the effects of the shots anymore you should be fine. But hey, Im Belgian, so a few shots and a beer straight after is barely tea time to me.. :)
Alcohol is more energy dense than glucose, almost twice as energy dense and your body stores energy as glycogen, then glycerides including triglycerides and finally fats.
none
I think certain people have that gene that says when they start drinking they dont stop until they either pass out or run out. So I believe theres nothing they can do about that part. Theyre the people with the personality flip once theyve had too many. The Jekyl and Hyde syndrome. Many alcoholics have that gene in addition to having alcohol become their main coping mechanism. And these are the hard core alcoholics. And then there are the people that dont have the gene but still use alcolhol as a main coping mechanism. These are usually called hard drinkers. Which category do you fall into? If you know you get out of control when you drink but still do it, then Id say that at least to some degree alcohol is a coping mechanism for you. Because why start in the first place when you know its going to end up bad? But if thats the way youve learned to deal with certain feelings, there seems no way other than to get drunk. How do you feel before you drink? And ask the question, how would I feel if I didnt drink? The answer to these questions is likely why you do it. And if you could find a way to address these feelings without drinking, you wouldnt have to drink.
No, he drinks but he occasionally drinks some flibbity flobbity
none
none
As according to statement of online reviews the short term effects of alcohol damages brain including memory loss, slurred speech and a loss of control of the body. However, what you may not realise is that the long term effects of alcohol on the brain can cause permanent memory loss. It tends to be the short term memory that suffers the most when you drink excessively. It is true what they say about alcohol destroying the brain cells and the memory is one of the things that suffers the most. Memory loss caused by excessive alcohol consumption which has a two-stage condition and both can cause permanent damage to the brain.
You should be fine as long as you are not taking narcotic pain medication. You should have been give postoperative instructions about what you can and cannot do.
First off you cannot light oil, second sake does not go higher than 25% alcohol, it is Vodka, for the simple reason it has no flavour and burns quickly, when I worked in japan and with hotels that had Teppanyaki restaurants that is what they used. Edit<SEMCOL> while you right Pooh Bear, as former chef, I can tell YOU, oil does not flame unless overheated and it flashes, and in my 20+ years as a chef around the world, I never used it to flambe a dish, high proof alcohol, we used bakers brandy it was 60% alcohol it was very flammable.
No you cant. The law you are quoting does NOT refer to a work setting.
Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.0
Ally, Small caveat: I hope you are all of age. With that being said, bourbon being a a strong liquor will probably get 7 females drunk off about 2 750 mL Bottles. Might run you about $30-40. Or 3 bottles of 750 ML wine, preferably Pinot Grigio for a better feeling. Best bet In my Humble Opinion: 1 Bottle of Bourbon for shots and 2 Bottles of wine for chill/relaxing convo. Have fun and drink safely!
I take Tegretol for Trigeminal Neuralgia and the leaflet states that alcohol might have a greater effect than normal whilst on the drug. I would have thought that would indicate that a small amount in food should not be a concern but check with your chemist or doctor if worried about it.
Alcohol can affect most medications effectiveness and caution should be taken when you are on medication and are thinking about having a drink. While the prescription for topiramate doesn   t usually explicitly want against avoiding alcohol, the drowsy side effects of the medication can be exacerbated by the alcohol. It is important to remember that if you are going to mix Topamax and alcohol that you pace yourself and do so with caution. It has been reported that the medication lowers the perceived tolerance to alcohol and can increase the downer effects of both substances.
Mix a quarter glass of Malibu rum with Coca-Cola, tastes insanely good and it will make you feel much better.
none
In a lot of places you can get a gallon Fleischmans or Wolfschmidts vodka for like $15
No but excessive brushing will weaken your enamel. Chewing gum encourages saliva which will prevent coffee and such from staining your pearly whites. Give that a go instead.
All alcohols on oxidation produce H2O: Thus primary:CH3OH---> CH2O+ H2O<SEMCOL>( secondary:CH3)2CHOH ---> (CH3)2C=O + H2O tertiary - not so easy, but oxidized ! : (CH3)3COH ---> (CH3)2CO + CO2 + H2O[pl. note the C loss ]. The other half of the Q is not clear : CH2O gets oxidized to formic acid, which decomposes to : CO2 + H2 or H2O + CO depending on the conditions !
Why would you take pills for minor pain? Pain meds have no effect on altering the course of the underlying condition. Center yourself in the moment of pain and relax...that will relieve the anxiety component of pain which is why people take meds for pain. The meds cause a euphoria in which to center yourself which enhances the pleasure seeking tendency and weakens you mentally and physically. Toughen up, be strong, and improve character at the same time.
I know a bloke who was shot in the face by a pornstar.
Overdosing on pills is never guaranteed. Its generally the least efficient way to kill yourself but sometimes it works.
Alcohol, it taste far better.
The dose of Metronidazole isnt reduced in renal failure. Besides, "protein in the urine" is a long way from "kidney failure". You should be okay. Drug references recommend 3 days between the drug and alcohol.
To use marijuana is to deliberately alter ones consciousness. Alcohol abuse can be justified, and excuses made ("I like the way it tastes", etc.) Also historically alcohol has been used when water supplies were unsafe to drink. It has been consumed since the dawn of civilization and so has established itself as socially acceptable and more easily justified. Anti-drug propaganda and all its misinformation has left people with some preconceived notions about marijuana. Racism was one of the major players in early efforts to end hemp cultivation<SEMCOL> marijuana was allegedly used by African-American men to seduce and entrap Caucasian women, for one example.
I am damn glad I found this article, my current state of mind would disallow thought correspondence on the topic. http://www.differencebetween.net/science   
The answers to all the above can be find in the assigned reading.
Reading the assignment would be the best and most accurate way of answering the above questions.
If the assigned reading was done, these would be easy questions to answer.
it depends on your tastes. some of us enjoy the taste of a finely aged scotch, or nicely distilled vodka.
none
It doesnt play a role. Alcohol is forbidden in fraternities and sororities. Drinking alcohol is not part of the Greek System, and if you believe that I have some real estate in Florida to sell you. You can only see it at low tide. Every social function will be accompanied by bountiful amounts of beer and other alcoholic drinks, even though many of the members are underage. The two go together like apple pie and ice cream.
Recognize that your suicidal thoughts is a physical illness. Your brain is not functioning properly and the chemicals are out of wack. Dont let this imbalance bring you to suicide. Recognize that you need to RE-BALANCE those chemicals and once your do that (with medication/therapy) your normal, happy thoughts will return. Dont give up. Fight suicide like the illness it is. As if it was Cancer, diabetes, etc. Its just a disease.
As a Christian, Ive been around people my whole life who Ive seen suffer the consequences of heavy drugs and alcohol. All I can say is that addiction is a dark, black hell and keeps a person in bondage. Its devastating, especially when its your own family and you try to help, but they dont want the help because theyre in denial. That doesnt mean I will ever give up on them, though, because as long as theyre still breathing, theres hope and a chance that theyll change their mind. One thing is for certain, though, these people need others to be patient with them, loving, and never judgmental. We all have our demons to battle.
This is a good and interesting question here. I did psychiatric intake work at a good mental health hospital for decades and I interviewed and admitted to the Alcohol and Drug Program, too....maybe I can answer this. Ive never encountered so much elitism as when I am working with an alcoholic who thinks he or she is "better" or their illness is "different" from my mental health patients. This absolutely amazes me! The treatment for alcoholism and drug abuse is BEHAVIORAL MODIFICATION for recovery. So, no, its not an allergy, an infection, influenza or cancer.....it has to do with educating the patient and helping him or her to modify their behavior to affect a cure and a good prognosis. Treatment for alcoholism also has to do with healing and working with the family and teaching the patient better coping skills and life skills. And a recovering alcoholic is the one human being you would like to have for a next door neighbor because they are far, far better human beings than the average guy on the street. And we dont give alcoholics medication to recover.... Someone who has Bipolar Disorder or Schizophrenia is burdened with an hereditary disorder caused by a biochemical imbalance within their brain. They need daily medication to remain stable. The alcoholic needs his daily program to remain stable. The cure is BEHAVIORAL MODIFICATION which is exactly what we use to treat someone with a Personality Disorder or an obsessive compulsive disorder....believe it.
My parents drink something almost every night. They were always very casual about drinking, they let me have a drink when I was 12/13. Ive become quite casual about drinking now too. I feel comfortable drinking lots at home and even getting drunk, and I know this is definitely because my parents are comfortable with it. Whereas I know some families who dont even have any alcohol in their house. For example, my friends family never drink. And she never drinks either and wont even come out with our friends if she knows well be drinking. So that must be her familys influence
Believe its because of the way one acts after over indulging. example: When you come to a Stop Sign If you are DRUNK, you run the Stop Sign If you are HIGH, you just sit there and wait for it to turn green.
If you mix it with coke (1 shot the rest coke) it will take you about the same. 5 - 8 of those and you&#x27<SEMCOL>ll be set. All the coke does is make you drink the alcohol slower, but the sugar aids a bit in getting you drunk faster.
You are exactly correct. Vodka is a strong drink, and the liver doesnt enjoy it very much. Beer is 6-8% alcohol Wine is 8-17% alcohol (most common 12%) Moonshine (or grain alcohol) is 80% alcohol Kayla isnt completely wrong. Strong beers are 15% alcohol but 30 Proof. Moonshine can be 180 proof but not 200. Proof and alcohol percentages are different. Proof is twice the percentage of alcohol. So vodka thats 40% alcohol is 80 proof. Moonshine thats 80% alcohol is 160 proof. Its just an old english term that was used in "degrees proof." Way back, the alcohol content of a drink would be 4/7 and if a drink was 50% alcohol, you would flip around the fraction and times 50x(7/4) = 87.5 degrees proof. 100% alcohol would be 175 degrees proof. Its an old english thing that people just do now for tradition. In the US, proof is just %alcohol times 2
try a blend of cranberry and orange juice.
none
Your on your way. Social drinking is an excuse to drink, next you say only on a date, or only watching football, or only after work. sooner or later youll have a reason that sounds good. Not everyone at social events drink alcohol to have fun. I dont know how old you are, but try to limit your drinking before it limits you.
Alcohol is well known to be harmful. It causes diseases in those who overindulge as well as the social effects of violent behaviour, accidents to the inebriated and killing of others through drunk driving. For most people, however, alcohol is not as addictive as nicotine. If you are a smoker you need to smoke throughout the waking hours because of the craving of the addiction. Unless you have an alcohol dependency, drinkers can take it or leave it.
No. It will be out of your system in about an hour.
Lollypop, without knowing much about the job or your age, this sounds like a unique opportunity for you. Are you able to talk with your aunt ahead of time and explain some of your concerns? You wouldnt be asking them to change, but simply explaining that if youre under the same roof, there are certain situations that make you nervous or uncomfortable. Make it a two-way exchange of expectations and discuss house rules so youre all clear on what it will be like to live together for a short time. As others have suggested, you can probably go to your own room if a situation arises and you want to give them their space. Do you think youll feel safe? Alcohol can certainly make some people escalate and if you think you need to, have a plan for removing yourself or getting help. Hopefully, that wont be an issue. Will you have the option of moving back to Ireland if things dont work out, or is this a contracted work period? Lots of unknowns here, but its good youre thinking ahead and weighing your options.
no.no.no. go get some bearings cleaner. i know bones has it. . however if they are too russty and shot than youll have to get new bearings
Alcohol can interact with certain medicines. In the case of Zofran:    there are no known interactions between alcohol and Zofran Got this off the NHS website so youre safe.
Soda
I love coffee, but I completely understand that not everyone likes coffee. Just like some people like beets or liver or oranges, other people dont. Most people start smoking when they are quite young (under age 18) and teenagers are not worried about their health and think nothing bad will ever happen to them. They do it to fit in to their group or to do something that believes makes them look like an adult or because its something they were told not to do. The same thing goes for alcohol. And often people do enjoy the buzz from drinking, although getting drunk long term is not at all healthy. So stick with your own decisions, and dont feel left out<SEMCOL> all youre missing is a chance to ruin your health, waste money that could be spent on a lot of fun things or to help someone in need, and the chance to leave your family behind at a young age when you die. Oh yes, and the chance to kill people when youre driving drunk.
Boys from Tankard :D
Do nothing and say nothing. If your mother wishes to confront you about the alcohol she will. Find a better location.
No
Most of what you can buy can be stored at room temperature. All the well known spirits and many specialty alcohols can be stored for long periods of time at room temperature. As for ice you can use whiskey stones for chilling the drinks without dilution. http://www.amazon.com/s/?ie=UTF8&keyword   
People seem to start these habits when theyre young. Theres the thrill factor and the desire to look cool. To the kids that keep it up, it becomes habit. If you prefer to avoid these substances, thats great. Youll be thanking yourself many years from now.
Dumb idea. You might wind up with a broken bottle from the pressure of the carbon dioxide. In addition, it depends on what contaminates the juice while it is open. Yeast will produce some alcohol. The right strain of yeast will produce more. However, if bacteria get in, you will have vinegar. Good to cook with, maybe, but not so good to drink.
When you look up the specifics on most every antidepressant, they mention that alcohol is best avoided, but if consumed should be done only in close moderation. People with anxiety and/or depressive disorders often consume if not misuse alcohol. The doctors are of course quite aware of this. The real risk is that alcohol absolutely defeats the purpose of taking antidepressants in the first place.
none
You have asked a question that left me (cinema aficionado) speechless, I cant find a comedy that has nothing of that. But if you did like Airplane, you would like The Naked Gun Series with Leslie Nielsen Now that I think about it, try these movies by Mel Brooks: Spaceballs (1987) Dracula: Dead and Loving it (1995)
none
Thats the only place I drink. I dont feel comfortable drinking in public.
Cheers And there is some drinking in How I Met Your Mother as a lot of scenes is set in a bar
Alcohol: Bad for the liver. Dulls senses. Numbs body. Black outs. Can die from drinking too much. Video Games: Can affect vision over time. Can be bad for the health(lack of exercise..unless its an athletic sport that requires you to move in order to interact). Malnutrition Both: addicting, affect in some way or other I love drinking and video games..so..yeah..
Youll get paranoid and jumpy. Too much benadryl makes for bad trip where you cant relax or sleep. Skip it.
No. The FEDERAL law says 21, thats what the ATF goes by. If you get deployed to a country that has lower age limits, then yes..off base (but dont do something stupid to get up on charges- because theyll throw the book at you).
Everything on board ship is done with the card they give you at check in. This card is your room key, your charge card, and your ID all in one. When you purchase a drink they swipe the card through the cash register and all your info including age and your picture shows on the screen. So they know its you and they know your over 21 and they charge the drink to your account.
none
Go to ER. You wont notice anything for a while. But that can shut your liver down. Which is fatal.
none
You can still drink alcohol but it must be in moderation. Too much alcohol is very bad for you when you only have one kidney. With only a single kidney you need to be far more kidney conscious than people with 2 kidneys.
none
The simple answer is you cannot stop him from being an alcoholic. It is a choice he has made and he is the ONLY one who can change that choice. Now YOU have a choice to make....do you stay with him, when you already know what he has decided? Or do you cut your losses and get out of this unhealthy, hopeless relationship? Do yourself a favor---RUN! It doesnt get better. I know.
Alcoholism is a disease which is fairly well understood. Its based on what your body does with alcohol. You can abuse alcohol without being an alcoholic - and you can be an alcoholic without drinking. Its a physical thing. Get a copy of "Under the Influence" off of Amazon - it will give you a snapshot of this thing. The drunks at AA read this thing so theres lots of used copies around. Alcohol is REALLY good for an alcoholic... makes them feel great and OK and "normal".... so its kind of a dangerous drug. For the non-alcoholic, alcohol tends to just make them sick.
PLEASE READ ENTIRE THING How big are the cups? Two normal cups would be a lot about 1.5 to 2 oz ( 1 to 2 shots) would be enough to "make the vibe better". Here are the steps you need Step # 1 - Consuming it, if you are trying to drink it with out someone noticing I would dilute the Scotch with some coke or other non alcoholic drink in a take out cup with a straw, one from Mc Donalds works fine. Step # 2 - The smell, drinking it diluted will help to cover up the smell on your breath, instead of drinking it straight, afterwards you can eat things like popcorn, nuts, chips, fries and crackers will absorb alcohol left over in your mouth. Coffee and strong scented gum work too ,a combination of those would work best. Step # 3 - Acting drunk, if anyone is going to be seeing you and you arent supposed to be drunk there is not much you can do to hide that besides removing your self from the same room they are in. Step # 4 - Evidence, adding water to the bottle will replace the missing Scotch. It will change the colour and taste a little. CAUTIONS - Even tho I dont think you should be drinking if you have to go thru the trouble of hiding it, I dont know what country you are in so I dont know if you are or are not legal drinking age. If you are not, obviously you shouldnt be drinking it. Will it kill you? Probably not, but if you drink enough it might, it could also have long lasting effects since your brain and body still are developing. From someone who is drinking age, and a casual drinker I would advise you to be careful, dont drink on an empty stomach do not operate any heavy machinery and just use common sense. Possibly speak with your parent about drinking the scotch, for all you know they will let you and if you are a novice drinker they might have insight to share with you. If you are UNDER AGE, depending where you are, you could get anything from a monetary FINE to a few days in JAIL. If you are not supposed to be drinking from that bottle, charges of theft could be placed on you.
get to an ER asap!
Theoretically speaking, everybody regardless of nationality and Religion need an alcoholic lisence to consume liquor in the UAE. Because Muslims arent entitled to obtain an alcoholic license they would breach the law if caught consuming alcohol. But - thats theory only. Nobody (also not Muslims) are getting punished/arrested for drinking only as long as not involved in any additional cases (indicent behavoir, driving, etc., etc.).
none
When alcohol encounters human tissue, it imparts three effects: it is an irritant<SEMCOL> just put some drops on an open cut, and youll readily perceive the truth of how irritating alcohol actually is. The surface of the skin has proprioceptors which register sensation, so you feel the stinging there, however in deeper tissues of the body, many tissues do not have the capacity to sense the irritation, however they still experience it. Secondly, alcohol sedates: this is why people become unconscious if they have had enough of it, and it is why if you keep putting alcohol on an open cut, the stinging sensation ceases, and it feels numb there. The irritation effect lasts four times longer than the sedation effect. The last effect of alcohol is one of dehydration. Just wash your hands with alcohol for a day or two, and they will become dry and chapped. Many internal tissues will become dehydrated easily because the have no protection from those effects once alcohol starts circulating throughout the body. Apparently, you have sensitive testicles, so they use pain as a signal to communicate to you that they feel distressed with the influence of alcohol hitting them, kind of like the canary in the coal mine---the first part of you to signal distress that the whole of you will feel ultimately. Respect alcohol for the very influential chemical that it is. Not everyone can consume it comfortably. It is possible to be social and still drink something else, but only if you make your mind up that you no longer want to experience testicular distress.
A glass of whiskey is enough for me :)
Yes BQ: 45
Because they probably enjoy it
I agree. I personally feel if you need beer to "loosen up" then youre probably more rigid than those of us who dont need it to do so. :p Besides, beer makes you fat.
Yes. Drinking kills brain cells. And you dont have to be an alcoholic to have brain cells killed by drinking Its just that when you are an alcoholic, so many cells are being killed, that it becomes obvious. Alcohol is a poison, and its metabolism produces an aldehyde reaction (similar to the fomaldehyde they use to preserve dead animals in a jar). However, the most common side effect of severe and prolonged drinking is Karsakoffs syndrome. A side effect of both alcoholism and of malnutrition, it produces neurological damage due to a shortage of Vitamin B (too much alcohol produces a Vitamin B deficiency). It produces dementia and psychosis, over time. Yes, alcohol is a poison. Why do you think people wake up with hangovers the morning after? They have poisoned themselves. He might have OCD, but a more likely differential diagnosis is an organic disorder, such as dementia caused by alcoholism. Checking on the fire every 2-5 minutes is common for people who are losing or have lost their shortterm memory (an symptom of dementia). Being restless is ADD, but this is a disorder mostly of children .. most children outgrow their ADD when they reach their teens or early adulthood. He would have always had ADD .. not just recently. btw, ADD and ADHD are the same thing (just the word "hyperactivity" thrown in there .. but both are hyperactive conditions). The two labels are interchangeable. This is a common problem with people not trained in psychology trying to diagnose disorders. Because they dont really understand the disorders, have not seen them either, they pick up a few words or phrases and try to apply them. Doesnt work very well. You husbands interpretation is most likely the accurate one.
i would say to be safe, 12 hours from the last sip of alcohol you drank. Drink water and to help pee more -but your body metabloizes about one alcoholic drink per hour
Much higher, as is the number of people killed by alcohol or by drunks. Tobacco accounts for an even larger body count.
How to cure anger in less than two seconds By cure I mean that your anger is completely gone. I do not mean repressing anger, stuffing anger, letting it go, or denial. I mean cure as in completely gone. If you do one simple thing. The cure for anger is incredibly simple. I figured it out in 2008. You do not need anger management classes. You do not need a 12 step program. You do not need to count to ten (or count backwards from ten). You do not need to take a break or go for a walk. You certainly don   t need to take a pill. ???Although these things certainly can help they do not claim to cure your anger. They are designed as excellent coping skills. There has been no consciously known cure for anger before, even though people stop being angry all the time. They just don   t know how to do it on demand. Imagine a way to know how to stop being angry on demand that is consciously repeatable. ???People on a large scale have not consciously connected two simple things together to know how to cure anger. If you only want to learn to manage your anger through coping skills then by all means simply keep to the list above. But if you want to cure your anger then you only have to do one simple thing. ???I do not do this one thing for you. You have to do this simple action to cure your anger. I know you can do this because I have seen two year olds do this. I have seen teenagers and adults do this. I have seen people with every form of mental illness do this. I have even seen people with Down Syndrome do this. You are capable of curing your own anger if you do one simple thing. If you do it. I have even seen drunk people do this. Normally being drunk is the automatic disqualifier to doing any personal growth. I won   t even attempt to bother doing personal work with someone when they are actually drunk. Nobody does. But I have seen drunk people do this one seemingly simple thing and their anger is gone. Eliminated. Not stuffed, repressed, or in denial. Cured. Gone. Period. ???It is simple, straight forward and safe enough for a two year old to do it. You can do this too. ???And this is how you do it. First, think of something small that somebody did to irritate you. Preferably someone you actually care about. Think of something small so it won   t be that big of a deal when you   re not angry at them in a few minutes. If you have found something small that somebody did to you recently to irritate you then read on, if not please just take a moment before you continue. Choosing something small is helpful to start to begin with in order to ensure your chances of success. Later on you will have time to work up to something bigger. ???Now, only if you are ready, continue reading. I say only if you are ready because sometimes it is NOT appropriate to cure our anger. Or sometimes people aren   t ready to be done with their anger. Obviously that is a whole different discussion. That is why I have you choose something small that somebody you like did to irritate you. So you can actually do it. If you have found your small thing then you are ready for the final step to cure your anger. It is written next > forgive them. ???Go ahead, test it out. You can do it right now. ???You cure anger by forgiving. Forgive them and your anger is gone. Forgiving them is more for us than it is for them. We forgive people so we don   t have to carry them around in our own head anymore. Forgive them and you can finally move on. It often times doesn   t punish a person to not forgive them. Although it can help immensely if you do forgive them but it is not required. It only works if you do it. This works 100% of the time if you do it. Can you imagine a 100% cure rate for anger (if you do one simple thing of course). It works every single time for every single person everywhere. ???Now, once you   ve forgiven them, go and find your anger now. Where is your anger? You can   t touch it if you forgave them. If you are having difficulty it may be that we are in a public place right now and it does get a little personal to forgive someone. Do this again at home     AND START WITH SOMETHING SMALL FIRST! ???Now, you can forgive yourself, and get out of your own head. By forgiving you actually get them out of your own head. Forgiving allows you to be free from them. It is for you that you forgive. And if you don   t forgive them you won   t be able to forgive yourself. You can   t forgive yourself if you don   t forgive them. ???Society is beginning to associate these two things together more and more often. I am the first person to consciously associate the two in order to directly cure anger. Just google me for me info on depression and anxiety (panic attacks included)
Alcohol is bad for the brain but there are other things more damaging to the body than alcohol.
good when done in moderation and not regularly, drink for the taste and to relax, not to get dead drunk (even though i cant say its never happened for me to be too tipsy)
Many times unless a person gets help they will continue to drink. Being ion AA or gone through some type of therapy is usually a good sign they are actually sober or wanting to give up the booze or have done so. Many recovering alcoholics work at bars and such simply put work is hard to come by and being around the stuff gives them the strength to stay away from it when they see drunnks falling over and how stupid and ridiculous they are acting. I would hazard a bet though that he is still battling with the urge to drink if he went cold turkey with no support like AA or someone to talk to about the addiction many revert to past ways..
genetics, stress, depression, anxiety
you need to be more specific - there are many cyanide compounds. Which one do you mean?
none
I think theres some Baileys and beer in the fridge and some vodka in the freezer. The other liquor is in the cabinet above the coffeemaker along with the glasses etc. Help yourself
It may or may not, stay well.
I am a Scholar of Islam and a Doctor. Allah gave us the intellect and intelligence to find ways to heal illnesses and help those who cant help themselves. Everything is allowed to help people who are sick. It is absurd, inhuman and against Allahs will to impose by humans religious restrictions on remedies. Only cultural barbarians and narrow minded people would not help because of their self-righteous misinterpretations of Scriptures. Dr. El Hakim Bin Nimsa Al-Faruq ????
What alcohol really does to your brain is overflow it with a surplus of the neurotransmitter glutamine. If drank too repetitively and too heavily, it causes the brain to reduce its own production of glutamine, and relies on the influx of glutamine from the alcohol in order to function properly. Thus, when you stop drinking, you have little to no glutamine floating around in your head and cannot function properly because of it. As for a model, I would recommend using something on a computer that can be easily manipulated. Use basic PowerPoint to get you point across or a pieced-together video,
Yes, that is possible. It suggests that youre consuming a fairly high dose. The technical name for this is tolerance, not immunity. Despite the myths, you cannot build a tolerance (or an immunity) to cyanide. Rasputin survived because coadministraiton of glucose counteracts the toxicity of cyanide.
Clearly, you have an alcohol problem. I think you know this already, but you dont want to admit it to yourself. Do yourself and your boyfriend a favor and get help before you self-destruct and ruin your relationship and life.
do not play games with the probation your age is likely irrelevant to the order, but since you didnt post it I cannot say for sure usually, the terms are for the entire length of the probation, period!
I believe that some people did do that. My husband and I were both total abstainers so had no alcohol in the house ever. I dont think it was a wise thing to do but when advised by other people some will take the advice. Health visitors, at that time, advised adding sugar to babies bottles when they seemed to be constipated. That is now considered wrong. Times, ideas and rules change (and sometimes go into reverse also). There is, and was, so much contradiction about dummies, bedtimes, should baby sleep with parents, should they be picked up when crying or left to cry it out (even if it went on for 5 hours) etc. When we were young parents we had to take advice either from our own parents, health professionals or play it be ear. We were as green as could be and our first babies were the ones we learnt from. We knew a little more when number two came along.
Someone spiked your drink with some drug. You are lucky you are okay. Next time, mix your own drinks, for safety.
Neutrogena alcohol free toner is average i didnt saw great improvement on my skin I suggest the Body shop Vitamin Toner is good or The body shop aloe vera is good also Wtich hazel toner is amazing on acne .
There are numerous isomers with this molecular formula. See the link for some of them: http://www.molport.com/buy-chemicals/mol    You need to be more specific.
AA and  have been helping people for years. There you could make new friends, get a sponsor--a guide and support for your recovery, hear encouraging words and life stories. There are meetings everywhere--my former coworker finds them out in rural Pennsylvania. Because I spent so many years in the drug and alcohol field, I still recommend that you find a substance abuse counseling center near you. The more you know about yourself and the more healthy coping skills you develop, the better your recovery will be.
I dont know, but 40% alcohol removes inhibitions from the women I date.
Read the label on the bottle.
You are an alcoholic or you was.
Vodka
Theyre living in oil rich country of course......so why not?
By now the alcohol is long out of your system. If your hangover involved vomiting and if either of your parents were in the bathroom with you while you were vomiting, I guarantee they already know you were drinking and that you were drinking vodka. Be humble, go to the doctor, dont admit to anything voluntarily, but dont lie about it either cause, like I said, if they were in the bathroom with you, they already know.
Paradox - You have chosen an excellent beer to drink (Sam Adams). However, too much of a good tasting thing can sometimes be damaging or deadly. Pizza (fresh), popcorn & Sprite are all great BUT 11 bottles of beer is like 11 shots of alcohol (gin?) and will cause what you experienced. IF I am going to drive a vehicle, Ill try to choose one of the non-alcoholic beers that will still give me the delicious taste of the beer hops without alcohol. Two alcoholic beers should be your limit at any one time. Stay well. Be wise. I hope you are now well and wiser.
It is perfect and halal. Most sanitizers contain isopropyl alcohol which is a different bactericidal compound from the consumable ethanol. Even the most backward Moslem should understand that alcohols are a family of chemical organic liquids and have many different forms and characteristics. Dr. El Hakim Bin Nimsa Al-Faruq ????
You were at the homebrew store? Just go in the store and ask the owner to sponsor the event. Its pretty common to have such things.
none
none
One would hope, that you have learned your lesson and wont be drinking to excess and using drugs any more. That is what an intelligent individual would do.
It sounds like you feel anxious in social situations, which inhibits you. Try taking an acting class to learn to be less inhibited without alcohol. Or, become an alcoholic. I dont recommend it, but you need to be aware of what happens if alcohol is your only way to cope with social situations.
Dennis Rodman is a drug addicted Alcoholic who doesnt even know what he says so no way could he mean it.
Can cause guys to suffer from late ejaculation? But it supposedly affects them getting&#x2F<SEMCOL>staying hard? Contradictory, isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t it? Lol Anyway, how is late ejaculation(which I&#x27<SEMCOL>m assuming means longer sex?) a bad thing? As a girl, I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t really mind. But I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t think it actually affects it at all to answer the original question. But depends on the guy.
Pentobarbital ( in the correct dosage).
Ask the Pharmacist who filled your legal prescription for Xanax. Thank goodness you are not one of those incredibly stupid people who take prescription drugs illegally.
he does not have tat authority. Despite what youre taught in church
If you get the shakes when you dont have access to alcohol, you really need professional help. Its great that youre admittting this now.
Sounds like an allergy to alcohol
Well, pot actually has some benefits to cancer patients, unlike tobacco and booze Im for the legalization of pot (BUT ONLY FOR MEDICAL USE) aS FAR AS BOOZE IS CONCERNED...MODERATION IS THE KEY, DONT LET A FEW DRUNKEN FOOLS SPOIL IT FOR EVERYONE I DONT SMOKE, SO I DONT CARE WHAT THEY DO WITH TOBACCO
If it is a food- or pharmaceutical-grade filter, it will have very low or zero extractables.
none
Are you drinking more than before? Drinking more, more regularly means your alcohol tolerance grows, which isnt a good thing. Find out how you can reset your tolerance and drink at less harmful levels again. Building tolerance Alcohol dependence Getting back on track Reset your tolerance Its time to tackle your tolerance if... Everybody changes over time     and your drinking patterns probably have too. Once, you might have drunk alcohol while out on the town. Now, because of the demands of a career and maybe a family, you could be spending more time at home. But even though you   re going out less     you still may be drinking over the governments lower risk guidelines. The government advises that people should not regularly drink more than 3-4 units of alcohol for men (equivalent to a pint and a half of 4% beer) and 2-3 units of alcohol for women (equivalent to a 175 ml glass of wine).    Regularly    means drinking every day or most days of the week. Building tolerance Many people find that their drinking patterns have changed for the better and their tolerance to alcohol remains the same. But if you regularly drink too much alcohol, your tolerance grows. This means you need to consume more to get the same effects.    It   s undoubtedly the case that if you   re drinking on a regular basis, then the amount of alcohol you need to get the same click or buzz gradually goes up,    says Dr Nick Sheron, a liver specialist from Southampton University. So, if your brain has got used to a certain level of stimulation, you won   t get that same    buzz    if you drink less.    It   s exactly the same as being a heavy heroin user, you could cope with larger quantities of heroin than someone who   d never used it before. It   s the same biological process,    he explains. Your tolerance can creep up without you even noticing. So it   s worth checking the recycling bin or your supermarket receipt for evidence you   re consuming more than you used to. Alcohol dependence If you think your tolerance is rising, then think about whether you could be becoming dependent on alcohol to unwind after work, or to socialise with friends.    People tend to thing of alcohol dependency as a black and white thing,    says Dr Sheron.    They think they know what it looks like. But everybody who is drinking on a regular basis, reasonably heavily will have a degree of alcohol dependence.    That might be manifested as the idea that you can   t conceive of going out and having a good night out without having a few drinks. Or you have people who can have a few drinks and then they can   t stop drinking. We see people around us doing this all the time. But we don   t think they   re dependent on alcohol.    Getting back on track The good news is that there   s plenty you can do to get your mind and body back on track     and getting back in balance is easier than you think. Start the process by taking steps to stick within the daily unit guidelines. Staying within the guidelines not only lowers the risk of contracting alcohol related illness or disease in the future, it can also improve your quality of sleep and help you feel more positive and productive. If you need some guidance, we   re here to help with a whole range of tips and advice and tracking your drinking has never been easier than with our brand new MyDrinkaware personal alcohol tool. If you   ve got into a habit of regularly drinking more than the daily unit guidelines, it   s worth applying a bit of psychology too. See what triggers your desire to drink too much and try to change your response. For instance, if dinner parties have you repeatedly reaching for the corkscrew     try a low alcohol alternative instead. Feeling stressed out? Talk to your partner or a friend about how you   re feeling rather than reaching for the bottle. Reset your tolerance If your tolerance rises, and you drink more and more to get the same effect you once got from one glass of wine, then you could be heading into dangerous ground. Luckily, if you think your tolerance is rising, fighting back is simple: just give your body a break from alcohol with some alcohol-free days each week.    For most people, you can    reset    your whole system by having an alcohol-free period,    says Sheron.    And people feel better for it. I can tell as soon as they walk through the door by their facial appearance. The difference is dramatic.    Once you   ve reset your tolerance you won   t need as much alcohol to feel the effects. This makes it far easier to drink more sensibly. If you   ve fallen into a pattern of heavier drinking, having a break also gives you the opportunity to build new, more positive drinking patterns based around the governments daily unit guidelines. Overall you   ll feel better, look better and really enjoy your next glass of wine. What could be better than that? Its time to tackle your tolerance if... 1. You   re taking two bottles of wine to the dinner party in case you run out. 2. The amount of wine in your weekly shop is increasing. 3. You   re starting to finish off an evening of drinking with a night cap. 4. You buy bigger glasses. 5. You   re drinking more than the daily unit guidelines most nights of the week.
none
I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t know if alcohol itself has any benefits but in what it comes with is good for you. Wine is good for your heart and beer is high in fiber and has electrolytes. I read a study that people who drink 1 beer a day have higher cognitive functioning than those who don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink at all, its just when you binge drink is where it becomes harmful.
Theyve not had proper bringing up ie they are work horses, whole industries hang on them. They are given whatever they want, except proper parenting or guidance. Suddenly, when they are adolescent, they do not know how to behave. The kids reject them, theyre no longer cool and they try desperately to fit in, and still be leaders. I actually think its really sad, seeing Miley Cyrus behaving the way she does.
Mohammad used to drink win and he used alcohol for ablution.... So pork would have to be the worse for a muslim.... only because the Jews did it too...
none
i dont know, but i agree with you... its not my business because i dont do that though...
That was tried once, it didnt work.
Yes it does. I tried Xanax for the first time last night, two pills as well and but only felt a slight buzz, just a little extra giggly and tired is all. Then about two hours later I took 2 shots of Bacardi 151 (which normally would just get me sort of drunk) and it put me on my ***. I literally fell out of my bed trying to sit down and kept having uncontrollable laughter fits and honestly just felt amazing. It was great actually. But there are many warnings out there about Xanax and alcohol so I wouldnt take either heavily if you are mixing the two.
none
Alcohol will just make it temporarily burn and sting, and it wont help it heal. You should never put rubbing alcohol into or near your mouth. Cuts in the mouth heal quickly.
Nothing, They do not have to accept anything except a valid state id. Anything after that they have a right to refuse. IN VA, they can refuse to sell to you if you LOOK 21 and the cashier is not satisfied with the ID. IN fact, the LCB requires them to refuse sales if they are not satisfied with the ID. DO the smart thing. Take your business to another dealer. Or stop at the DMV and see what they suggest.
I believe the term is "not sufficient to cause physiological change". Lots of substances are allowed at that level-like fat, sugar, calories and some known toxins.2
Weeds great. only the people of Colorado and Washington won prohibitions long lasting revenge.
People that are devoted to controlling the behaviour of other people seldom worry about how true their facts are. "Reefer Madness" was propaganda, nothing else. It has no basis in fact, just like the current nonsense on Faux News has no basis in fact.
Phenol is acidic, and can form the phenoxide ion. This ion can complex with iron(III) and form a coloured substance. Alcohols are much less likely to form ions than phenol is, meaning alcohols cannot complex the iron(III) ion and therefore cannot form coloured compounds.
Methyl Alcohol.
More simillar to caffiene intoxication. A slight stimulating effect, but no impaired judgment.
He needs immediate medical and mental help. He needs to be put in a drug/alcohol abuse program otherwise he is going to drink himself to death
I&#x27<SEMCOL>m sorry, but your dad can only get better if he wants it himself. Forced treatment wont work :(. A good friend of mine, has the same problem. His dad told her, that if he stops drinking, he would die :&#x2F<SEMCOL>. Her dad is already cheating her mum because of that. He abuses them too. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s a really sad story. I just want you to know, that you aren&#x27<SEMCOL>t alone in this. Many people have to deal with the same issue every day. If you have a best friend or someone you can talk to, that will help.
Yes.
anyone with more than two brain cells to rub together knows its less dangerous than alcohol. take a hundred tokers, stick them in a room with all the weed they can smoke, and the worst thing thatll happen is Dominos wont be able to deliver the pizzas fast enough. take a hundred rednecks, stick THEM in a room with all the beer they can guzzle, and somebodys going to get SHOT. think about it, then come back and tell me that weed is NOT less dangerous.
Acid (H+) is part of the chemical equation. Consider the reaction of dichromate with ethanol. 3CH3CH2OH + 2Cr2O72    + 16H+ ? 3CH3COOH + 4Cr3+ + 11H2O
The whole point of a cleanse is to avoid toxins, alcohol is a toxin and parasites feed on sugar. I would avoid it and continue with the cleanse, best to drink herbal tea especially cleansing are parsley, burdock root and also wormwood is specific for getting rid of worms. These things work so dont listen to sceptics or go to doctors, they do not know anything about parasites or much else for that matter and prescribe medicines to cover symptoms instead of addressing the root cause.
none
wuldnt do anything. if u feel theres a risk in getting in trouble then why wud u do it in the first place. grow the f up.
Im more conservative myself, but I believe it should be legalized and it isnt any more dangerous than alcohol. I think you should stop drinking in the ideas that all conservatives are against anything liberal. Are all liberals against everything a conservative says?
First of all, it would really help you and your family to go to Al-anon. Its for people who are affected by other people that are alcoholics. It helps you to find yourself, and to stop being lost in the addict. Secondly, there is no way to force an adult in to rehab. Only the courts can do that, and first he would have to get in trouble with the law. If he truly is a danger to himself you might be able to get him committed, but thats only for a few days. Maybe long enough for a detox. Unfortunately, he can drink the day he gets out. Honestly if you want him to get better, dont let him get away with his bad behavior. Dont be afraid to get him arrested if hes breaking the law. Courts can make him go to rehab. :)
none
The Dr only has to notify CPS if the child has been harmed by you. Or has been hurt from neglect like got in your liquor while you were passed out or something similar. Your Doctor will probably say GOOD FOR YOU that your seeking professional help for your drinking habit. So go to the Dr before something goes wrong! Best Wishes!3
Elementary science is something I know quite a bit about. In science, a demonstration is always of more value than a lecture. Get a hot plate and a Pyrex beaker. Put 100 ml of water in it and turn on the heat. Explain how the molecules are beginning to move and become energetic. Let them watch the water change states. Then explain to the students that the boiling point of alchol is lower than the boiling point of water. When they ask you to heat up some alcohol, explain to them why that is a very bad idea. I would compare the freezing and boiling points of water and alcohol with a graph. And that could lead to a discussion of WHY different liquids have different boiling and freezing points.
the term you see is callled PROOF. 200 proof is 100 % ( or pure ) so if you see 15 proof on a bottle it is 7 and 1/2 % elthyl alcohol. sometimes beer will be labeled as ABV but you do not see that very often. i have included some links if you would like to know more how it all works.
Yes. Everyone can. Just be careful.
Yea, alcohol is usually gone in about 24 hours. Youre thin but one beer shouldnt stay very long.
Such is life! *Currently enjoying a milk stout*
none
Supervision, knowing what your kids are up to. Many parents see the teen years as a break, time for them to turn their focus back on themselves because the kids can take care of themselves. That false sense of security, that selfish lazy attitude, is the real problem.
The below Maharashtra government web site will be of help. http://mahavat.gov.in/Mahavat/MyFold/KNO   
The blonde neighbour of yours is on the rags, huh?1
Maybe you should try some of the things you mentioned instead of praying, You may not be so angry then.
It does affect different people differently. There is also a matter of habituation. Someone who drinks even a little every day .will be less affected, because his/her body is accustomed to it. It will take more for him to get drunk because his body is used to it. If your aunt rarely or never drinks, the alcohol will affect her more. Alcohol is a drug. Just like any other drug, if ones body is used to a regular dose, it will eventually take more and more to get or the desired effect. Its a regular occurrence for the friends of an alcoholic to say, "He /she wasnt that drunk," when he does something bone-headed (drive drunk, cartwheel off the end of an unfinished bridge) . Thats because an alcoholic may drink a six-pack or twelve-pack, or an entire fifth of liquor every single day. That person will be up and walking around with a .3 blood alcohol level, when a novice drinker would be close to passed out at that point.
none
Well sex before marriage is worse so people with that sin would get a worser punishment unless Allah forgives them.
Trust me, taking pills is the most idiotic way to kill yourself. You do realise it will be extremely painful and it might not even kill you, you will destroy your organs and probably end up living a pretty horrific life as a result of doing it. You should get help if you are having suicidal thoughts, pills is probably the WORST thing you could possibly do, i have had someone i knew try to kill them self by taking an overdose and he destroyed his liver and turned yellow.
You ask when this statement comes from a drug/cocaine user, who else better to know than Obama himself, having experimented with a variety of substances.
none
They look for the results of certain enzymes that are related to liver function . They can determine if the liver is impaired or if it is working as it should.
none
Drinking games are, unfortunately, popular the world over, and have been since the Ancient Greek and Roman days. They are rarely officially sanctioned, and are banned in some places. In Russia its seen as a manly thing to be able to out-drink your competition. Alcohol doesnt often kill people in this way. Usually people pass out first, stop before theyve had a lethal amount, or throw up the excess. But some do die. Maybe the slight risk of death is part of the excitement, like skydiving, or like going to an unknown land where there is some danger. Most people who die from alcohol overindulgence die prematurely because their organs fail from decades of abuse.
Non. Either you are old enough to buy it there and can buy as much as you use. Or you are not old enough to buy it there and should not drink. If you can not live with that, blame your government, they keep the drinking age that extremely high.
At elevated temperature they do react but you get mixed products since as you say there is no hydrogen on carbon 1 and so carbon-carbon bonds must be broken. The products consist of a mixture of acids and ketones with shorter chain length than the starting alcohol.
none
none
Aspen, In that case, he could be punished with a misdemeanor and up to a year in jail for supplying a minor with alcohol. Also, the minor would get off because that would be considered entrapment.
Usually they will require an official government issued photo ID with your birthdate on it. Bring your student card and the interim license and your care card and it might work.
While not really an "abstainer" (I use it to cook, and will taste some now and then) I choose not to drink for several reasons. 1. I dont "have to" 2. Dont want to influence my kids to start. 3. Dont want to offend any in my church. 4. Probably the main reason, I dont want to run the risk of becoming an alcoholic! I really dont trust myself to regulate myself very well.
none
Tequila seems the obvious choice. Being in Mexico, you should have access to all sorts of hand crafted/small batch ones that we never see here in the states. Make sure that theyre 100% agave and dont have "fillers." A good tequila isnt just for shots or margaritas, it can be sipped and enjoyed the same way good Scotch is.
No. The alcohol in your system will cause increased blood flow, causing more hyperemia and possibly more pain/swelling. If you show up to the massage under the influence, the therapist will not treat you.
its the only explanation
Definitely. Along with nicotine, coffee, red-bull, cola, etc. A drug is considered to be a chemical substance that affects the central nervous system, causing changes in behavior and often addiction. The only big difference between these drugs and say, heroin, is that these drugs are legal.
465 liters x .053 = 24.545 liters which is ~ 25 liters rounded to the nearest digit.
There is no way to do that. And even if there was, your parents would notice some was missing. And if you tried to water it down, they would notice that too. And guess who they would blame? You would not get the benefit of the doubt.
Yes lots of people. Maybe you should just let your friend figure it out for themselves.
A few years ago I had a friend who worked as a counselor at a fat farm in Southern California. Funny part is she was totally addicted to coke, but it kept her weight down and gave her lots of energy, so it helped the clients believe in her, and as long as they didnt find out that the real secret of her success was neither jumping jacks nor carrot juice, it was great for her career. The fat farm business has a lot in common with the rehab business, the spa business, and the resort business. People want to be pampered like babies when they go to these places--especially if they are hurting from withdrawal from booze or drugs or anything like that. No doubt, among your biggest expenses will be a choice piece of real estate with peace and quiet, nice grounds, and very comfortable amenities. And you wont get anywhere with just "a" doctor. In order to get affluent customers recommended to you, youll have to have a staff of several shrinks, each one with an impressive resume. As well as nurses, orderlies, etc. I think its like opening a fashionable restaurant or night club. A very expensive proposition, and a very freakish business, dependent on the tastes of very fickle people.
2-4 shots of alcohol and a total of 10mg (two 5/325 percs) oxycodone is hardly an overdose, even for someone with no opioid tolerance. People are going to be critical of the tylenol in the percs combined with alcohol, but I understand that is not what you are asking about. Im a former opioid addict, so part of me wants to point out that people take much more serious combinations all of the time. But that part of me has made some seriously dangerous choices.
RE the Clonidine: "Alcohol, narcotic pain relievers, or sleeping pills may cause you to feel more lightheaded, dizzy, or faint when used with this medicine. Tell your doctor if you drink alcohol or use pain relievers or sleeping pills." So the BP medicine may make you more drowsy or dizzy, but at 210/95 it needs to be managed. But even if I were qualified to assess you medically and give proper advice, what you really ought to do is contact a pharmacist or your nearest Hospital ER.
I spent many years working in the drug and alcohol field. I am wondering what type of follow-up therapy your father had after rehab. Sometimes they come out of rehab thinking theyve beaten the addiction. Thats a sure set-up for relapse. Can you talk to your mother about what you two want to do about all this? You two would benefit from Al Anon and Alateen. Those support groups can give you support and coping skills for living with alcoholism. My professional opinion is that your father needs what we called Intensive Outpatient. In our center, that involved three group sessions a week and two individual. There was also a family program. The family members could get individual counseling, too. I dont know what insurance is paying for these days or in your area. Since you see the onset of his alcoholism as connected to his fathers death, I suspect he never dealt with his grief or mixed feelings about his father. He could get counseling with a specialist who works with grief (clergy or lay person) while he was getting alcohol treatment. He could also go to AA tomorrow as a beginning. Im wondering if he attended meetings or made excuses about going. ("Im not like those people.") Relapse is often part of recovery until the alcoholic finally gets a grasp of their own process. Talk to Mom about taking care of yourselves and getting him to take care of himself. If he acts up again tonight, call the police again. He should soon pass out.
Answer Cylohehexane is a non polar molecule , in pure liquid. It exhibits strong Vander Waals intermolecular attraction forces between its molecules. When cyclo hexane is added to ethanol which is a polar solvent and exhibit strong hydrogen bonding intermolecular forces between its molecules , cyclohexane molecules get in between the ethanol molecules. Many hydrogen bonds between ethanol molecules are broken up. Since there is only weak van der Waals forces between ethanol and cyclohexane molecules once they are mixed, the total intermolecular forces in the solution are reduced and the boiling point of the solution is reduced than expected. Net result : original intermolecular forces existing in ethanol predominantly via Hydrgen bonds and cyclohexane predominantly via Vander Waals dispersion forces will reduce in the solution of the two. Nikhilesh
none
Miller High Life is 4.6%ABV. 20 fl oz is about 590 ml. Therefore the amount of pure alcohol is 590 x 0.046 = 27ml JD is usually 80 proof ie. 40%ABV. In the USA theres no standard definition of a shot, but typically it would be 1.5 fl oz ie. about 45ml<SEMCOL> 9 shots would be approximately 400ml. Therefore the alcohol content would be 400 x 0.4 = 160ml. Ergo, nine shots of JD has almost six times the alcohol content of a large bottle of High Life.
Leinenkugels -- any of them, but the orange shandy is my favorite. Stolichnaya -- especially the Chocolat Kokonut... must try more flavors.... Steel Reserve or other such high-gravity brews -- not great in taste, but not bad... Fireball whiskey -- like to mix with 7up although there are tastier ways New Glarus -- favorites are "Two Women" ... or the ever-popular "Spotted Cow" Why? Just personal taste I suppose. I rarely drink to the point of stumbling around.
More than one and sometimes, not all the time.
Are you really trying to kill yourself?.. And asking if your attempt will work? True suicidal people don&#x27<SEMCOL>t do that. Just don&#x27<SEMCOL>t. I can tell you are just confused in life. You need to promise yourself you can get through this bump you have reached and you will be fine. Young teens like you have no reason in taking ther lives because they have yet to struggle. Trust me your adulthood will be worth living because you will be free to what you please. Why end that before you can even reach it. Life is what YOU MAKE it and YOU SHOULD make the best of it.
Alcohol to Native Americans is still pretty new to them on a evolutionary scale, they havent had as much time with it as other races in the world. So the tolerance is low and the addiction is high.
none
Hi,the most affected part after alcohol of our brain is cerebellum.so the alcoholic person would not be able to maintain his body balance but he would get an electric shock.
i dont drink alcohol or go to parties
No. The electrons are delocalised on tp the benzene ring so the hydrogen atom becomes labile, i.e. its an acid
nobody wants to ban guns except nut cases. most are asking for fair regulations so people cant be like an entrenched army next to your house.
Dan Murphys.
Banning alcohol would make it go to the drug dealers, which means, higher price, more poor addicted people, and more loss of money for the state
In the USA you need to wait 5 more years. As oft pointed out many states do allow for youth to drink alcohol under adult supervision. Then there is always the illegal way, take it or being served without ID check.
My cousin threw a party at his house and people brought beer. My cousin doesnt drink and when the police came to shut down the party after seeing teens with liquor, they charged him with allowing under 21 to consume alcohol. Hes 17 and none of the beer was his! And he cant pay a fine he has to go to court. Whats going to happen? We live in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.0
Funny how the less knowledge someone has, the more they seem to know better than knowledgeable experts who have worked on the problem in question. Its very simple. By testing reaction speed and response to physical challenges its simple to find out the effect of drinks at different level on ability. Half the legal limit makes you between 4 and 6 times as likely to have a crash. That is fact. Not half baked anecdote about something you remember wrong. We have the highest limit in Europe. It will go down. That will save lives. It is not likely to go to zero because if the mouthwash issue. The experts are right. You are wrong.
Well, youve heard it wrong. The best way to get rid of acne and keep it under control is to follow a strict skin care regiment that cleanses away surface oils, exfoliate your pores, and kill the acne bacteria. In other word, you need a combination-approach to skin care to treat and keep acne under control. Alcohols such as isopropyl or ethyl alcohols do have antibacterial properties, but by themselves they are not very effective, but they can degrease your skin. However, you can degrease your skin with a gentle water-soluble cleanser. Most alcohol solutions are very concentrated so overuse will burn, dry out, and redden your face, so this is not a practical way of treating your acne.
How about none until youre 21.
I would probably have to do something horribly worthy on a Friday night to pass the time, like volunteer at a soup kitchen or something. That would suck.
I wouldnt ban alcohol - or even try to. As many countries have discovered (most notably the USA) when you ban alcohol, all that happens is that you create a new kind of crime. Alcohol consumption stays much the same or even increases - but, as an unregulated illegal activity, it becomes far more dangerous. But if you want to try to make a case for banning alcohol, then your headline should be one that will immediately shock the readers and make them want to find out more. For example, "What kills more British teenagers than smoking, drugs and car accidents combined?" Of course, I have not checked my facts about alcohol-related deaths and you must be sure that your title, as with your assignment, must be accurate. If the suggestion in your title is not true, then you can be sure your readers will find you out.
Alcohol would, if anything, interfere with normal biological function. In the case of the flu or any discomfort for that matter, drinking alcohol may make someone FEEL better temporarily. When I was a drinker, a case of the flu became a pretty good excuse to buy a bottle of Tequila. :) But it probably prolonged the condition if anything.
Milagro Silver Beanfield War Do You Know The Way To San Jose Cuervo LOVE "Old Man and the Seagrams" and "The Fountainkeg" LOL Have Fun!
If your BAC is higher than a certain limit, than youre considered legally drunk and driving under the influence and you cna get a DUI. Your BAC limits vary by state, so your states law will determine the limit.
It effects everybody differently :)
It depends on state law, but generally the deciding factor isnt the vehicle, but the driver. If its a professional driver with a chauffers license hired to drive the vehicle, then in many states its legal for the occupants to drink alcohol. Again, check your state law, but it may be permissible for passengers to drink in an RV with a professional driver at the wheel.
its the liquid, its a way of making spirits out of wine, you freeze the wine into slush and take the liquid. alcohol freezes at a lower temperature than water.
http://cadasb.org/adult-services/court-m   
One common side effect of Norethisterone is dizziness, which alcohol (especially getting drunk) can make worse. So if that possibility doesnt bother you then go for it. Its safe.
Stick to the recommended daily limits - around 3 Imperial pints of beer - and youll be fine. But nobody can tell you what the unsafe amount is since it will vary according to the person. You might try asking in the health area as well.
I read somewhere recently (unfortunately I cant remember where) that the metabolites from alcohol can interfere with sleep- a couple of drinks in the evening can make one very sleepy at first but can cause insomnia-like wakefulness a few hours later. I have definitely experienced this after drinking a couple of glasses of wine at night. I cant comment on your nausea and overheating- but this perhaps is also related to how you are metabolizing the alcohol. It probably wouldnt hurt to make sure you drink a couple of tall glasses of water before you retire. Hope that helps....
Im 18 (its legal for me to drink/buy alcohol here in the UK) and I just make sure hat I dont binge-drink as alcohol is very calorie heavy lol I am happy to drink a lot every now and again when say I go out to a club, party or whatever but at home I barely ever drink. I sometimes might have lager or wine on an evening no more than once a month and I am still doing well on my diet (at a steady size 6 UK (size 2 USA) now and very happy :) As for drinking healthily, alcohol isnt exactly considered healthy due to the amount of damage it does to your body over time (Im trying to count down on my alcohol intake for this reason, esp. since Ive been drinking since I was 16-which is generally accepted over here). Just try not to regularly exceed your daily units (it says how many units on the back of the bottle/can) and you shouldnt harm your body too much. I hope this helped! ^_^
I would look for someone else. I do not want to be a relationship fixing or dealing with someone else&#x27<SEMCOL>s issues. For better or for worse. I&#x27<SEMCOL>ll take for better. Even if it takes forever to find her. Could be fun.
sex on the beach, bahama mama, smirnoff ice, mikes hard lemonade
none
none
It is not an easy task but keep trying. There are so many clinics where you can get some medicines which reduce the desire of consuming alcohol. Sometime meditation also works.0
First off,be an accepting wife.Dont ever nag or complain at your husband.So many couples have been destroyed by the wife nagging. be all you should be as a wife, and make his home the least stressful place in the world for him.Put paperwork and business things in a seperate space and make the bedroom and livingroom peaceful havens for him to relax with you.Stress has definately caused this problem,and you need to fix that issue right away and for all time if you wish to stay deeply in love and he in love with you.Put yourself in his shoes and fix the problems.God bless both of you very much! Do not decieve your husband ever Trust is earned and once lost can very rarely be found again.Honesty is very important in a marriage.
none
none
You must be kidding me heck I barley passed and I mean by the generosity of the teacher high school chem. I will point you to the nice nerds of Yahoo Answers that can better help. Any of these categories should be able to help but the chemistry is the obvious go to. http://ca.answers.yahoo.com/dir/index<SEMCOL>_y   
Depends on if theyre sealed or vented. You cant even have alcohol at 100C unless its pressurized.
I have never seen anyone go to rehab for Marijuana, but I have seen many Alcoholics in my life, so I would say alcohol is more addictive.
Until you are of age and even then consult with your doctor always. Besides, you still have medications in your body that can cause adverse reactions. Take care of your health and then you will have reason to celebrate! Dont worry about impressing your friends but impress your healthcare provider. I wish you a full and great recovery. Jo Ann
well... it wont make 100% pure alcohol as it is advertising, even a very high alcohol tolerant yeast wont survive past about 25% alcohol content, you have to distil it to make it any higher content than that. Then theres the issue of what juice you are using to brew with, most commercially available juices contains chemicals to inhibit the growth of bacteria and molds etc, these can kill the yeast and stop it fermenting at all. If you just want a base alcohol the simplest option is a packet of alcotech 24 turbo yeast, tat comes with a whole pile of high alcohol tolerant yeast, and all the nutrients they need to breed fast. You just throw the whole packet into a 25 liter bucket of water and sugar (instructions are on the packet). http://www.amazon.com/Alcotec-24-hour-Tu   
Yes it will take a few and you will go to sleep alcohol and weed cant overpower coke nothing really does but wait a hour from your last hoot then pop the pills and they should overpower the coke by then. Be careful dont make a habit of that mixing uppers and downers its hard on the heart. I know I used to do coke and then heroin or oxys after to sleep and to avoid feinding for more Coke. By the way If u do heroin after coke then u avoid all the withdrawal/shitty feeling u get after doing coke but it feels awesome and gets u hooked if u make it a habit and us bad for you
wild turkey
none
Rachel, it is never wise to mix any drugs with alcohol. There are drugs that are used to treat anxiety that can also help stop smoking, same with depression drugs. I know that many do drink and take their meds.. Everyone is different, why take chances ?
none
There Is Always Wine Which only makes you sleepy half the time. Here are some : Bartenura, Sweet *****, Moscato, BareFoot, Ciroc. P.s Peach And Coconut Ciroc are the best
Most any food dye will produce a colorful solution or emulsion with most any kind of alcohol, or water alcohol mixture.
Both of those alcohols serve as disinfectants -- most other liquid alcohols as well. (The common such alcohol which you often smell in hospitals is isopropyl alcohol.)
CH3OH + 3/2O2 --> CO2 + 2H2O a ............... .............. m C2H5OH + 3O2 --> 2CO2 + 3H2O b ..................... ........ n 0.220-a .......... ......... 0.379-m a + b = 0.220g m + n = 0.379g a g CH3OH x (1 mol CH3OH / 32.0g CH3OH) x (1 mol CO2 / 1 mol CH3OH) x (44.0g CO2 / 1 mol CO2) = 1.375a g CO2 b g C2H5OH x (1 mol C2H5OH / 46.0g C2H5OH) x (2 mol CO2 / 1 mol C2H5OH) x 44.0g CO2 / 1 mol CO2) = 1.913b g CO2 1.375a + (0.220-a)(1.913) = 0.379g CO2 {algebra goes here} a = 0.0778 mass of CH3OH = 0.0778 grams mass of C2H5OH = 0.142 grams
Typically when you serve food as alcohol as an ingredient then no. Most alcohol disappears and only the flavor is left when used in cooking. If someone under 21 would be drinking alcohol and you wouldnt serve it to a child or alcoholic, then it probably is not legal to serve without a license. I cant think of one food that is like that.
Possibly, or it could of been something used to flavor the rum, try a small amount of another alcohol that wouldnt have the same flavorings, beer or wine would be good, but have someone around just in case something goes horribly horribly wrong.
Yeah you definitely can. I dont like MIO so I wouldnt like it, maybe put it in a shot. A lotof people will infuse their vodkas too. Like skittles, put a bunch of the same color and let it soak with the vodka for like a few days... Then strain it back to the bottle.
well the answer no alchol seeps out youre pours vapors come from youre lungs you can try to cover breath with breath mints excitera gum but alchol comes out of youre body as a vapor cant change mother nature.
Alcohol (technically, ethanol is the type we drink) is a poison. If you get too much of it in your system, it kills you. The primary action is as a depressant, it slows down or stops nerve impulses, not only voluntary nerve signals (like being able to walk and talk) but autonomic nerve signals as well (such as the ones that keep your heart beating and your diaphragm pumping air in and out of your lungs). Most people die of alcohol poisoning by suffocating/drowning in their own fluids. It is oxygen starvation because their breathing slows down and their lungs fill with fluid. When other kids are interviewed after one of their friends dies of alcohol poisoning, they will say "it sounded like they were just snoring really bad" when what they actually heard was the "death rattle" of the lungs trying to breath.
Mix the drink with a 1:4 ration alcohol:mix.
Peppermint Schnapps is good for a young person sleepover. Also get a large package of peppermint candy.
Save your money when gets really cold out. Just keep your tank full. The water comes from condensation out of the air in your tank. If your tank is full or near full you do not need to worry. Why spend money on heat when you could just spend it on gas. Your going to have to purchase the gas at some point. In the long run it is cheaper to keep your tank full.
Your question makes no sense. There is no water in isopropyl alcohol and no such materai as "isopropyl" So I guess the answer is 100%
none
Talking about alcohol and having a scotch doesnt make someone an alcoholic. Even if your friend is an alcoholic there isnt really anything you can do until he wants to help himself.
Protecting your kids is should be your A#1 priority - what if he drives drunk with them? Pay the 5K and get a real bulldog lawyer that seems to take a special interest in winning cases such as these. If I were Id ask for sole custody - this guy lives in an unsafe environment and has not paid child support so he should have no rights.
Youll need to reduce, thats for sure. As youve found, going cold turkey is physically dangerous--but you have to cut back severely. Just not all at once. One idea might be to measure how much you can have in a night. Use a special glass or whatever for the purpose--dedicate that glass to this project. Use a marker or sharpie to mark the level your current level (allowance?) per night. Next week, make a mark 2 or 3 cm lower, and limit yourself to that. And so on. Just set yourself an absolute rule that you *dont* exceed your level on any given night.
Antabuse/disulfiram is the primarily one. Inkcap mushrooms also cause poisoning when combined with alcohol. NEVER give an alcoholic Antabuse/disulfiram or ink cap mushrooms without their knowledge. tabuse/disulfiram is the primarily one. Inkcap mushrooms (Coprinopsis atramentaria) are generally edible, but purposefully giving them to an alcoholic is poisoning, dangerous, and illegal in many jurisdictions. Some drugs cause nausea/vomiting when combined with alcohol, these include *metronidazole *First-generation sulfonylureas, like tolbutamide *Several cephalosporin drugs, including cefoperazone and cefotetan, that have a N-methylthio-tetrazole moiety *Griseofulvin, an oral antifungal drug *Temposil Other drugs, like methadone, shouldnt be combined with large amounts of alcohol too because of combined sedative effects.
BYOB means bring YOUR OWN bottle. It doesnt mean the get-together is a beverage potluck. Bring your booze, bring what you intend to drink. Double check with the host about mixers - sometimes at a BYOB the host provides the mixers, sometimes they dont.
Theres a reason why they tell you not to mix certain medications with alcohol. Makes you heaps more impaired. He couldve killed himself or someone else, maybe he should go visit some people who have had injuries from similar behavior.
When a person drinks they are trying to find a way to cope with stress, etc in their lives. Well, if children only know the way to cope is alcohol, as adults they will use alcohol to deal with life. Raise a child as you will have them go and they will not depart from it...in other words, it is a learned condition and the only way to unlearn it is with discipline of their lives by dealing with the root cause of the issue...to feel better as quickly as possible.
none
none
that would be hard to prove or calculate I have never smelled alcohol on the breath of my pastor.
Its just part of our national culture. We enjoy our beer very much. Of course we do have our share of alcoholics, but not everyone here is one. And yes, its a horrible double standard to approve of drinking yourself silly all the time and then stigmatizing smokers.
I 3 more months it will be 14 years since any booze has touched my lips. I even owned and ran a bar for 23 years. That is the thing I got burned out on it by seeing how much damage it could do to a person, so no I do not like it!
One of the most common immediate side effects of combining ibuprofen and alcohol is a stomach ache. If combined for an extended period of time the combination of alcohol and ibuprofen can lead to liver damage. more: http://www.safetymedical.net/ibuprofen-a   
Starts the damage at the first drink. We have a small amount of alcohol in our bodies naturally. Once you begin to add external alcohol our organs go into overdrive trying to return our bodies chemistry to normal. The brain, liver, kidneys and heart begin to work overtime. Just like a machine, the more you use it the faster it wears out. Brain cells begin to die within minutes and the chemistry of our brain slows the reproduction of new cells. The more drinks you have the more used to a higher level of alcohol our bodies become. That is why we have alcoholism. It really starts with the first drink. People often say that the best way to get over a hangover is to drink more. That right there shows you how quickly the alcoholism sets in. I have seen many young people having drinks in the morning to clear their hangover but that just returns the alcohol level in the body to an abnormal level. Our country is not covered with rehab centers for nothing. The part of the brain that is most damaged is the part that helps us reason. Many alcoholics have great emotional problems like a child. They cannot deal with much in an adult fashion and when life throws a challenge to them they reach for the bottle first to forget. But when they sober off their problems are still there. The most immature adults I have ever known are alcoholics. They cannot deal with anything on a realistic level. My own 49 year old brother still behaves like a 12-year old when he doesnt get his way<SEMCOL> he has a serious alcohol issue. It seems to run in families. I am not sure how I got so lucky but I think it is because I value education so much. I realized early on that I needed to give up the alcohol and pot if I wanted to grow up and be somebody. Drugs and alcohol are for people who do not have the intellectual ability to be a great person. Although it is true that many great people also become alcoholics, their drinking or pot smoking usually did not start until AFTER they went to college. But no matter what age you begin, alcohol can quickly destroy your life.
Baileys and butterscotch schnapps is a buttery nipple (its a C**ksucking Cowboy when its twice as much Baileys than schnapps rather than 50/50.) Baileys and Sambuca is a slippery nipple.
Maybe you should talk to someone about that, maybe a doctor they may be able to knock you the 1hr of crying and terrible headache!
After washing or rubbing your hands with alcohol, so keep away from fire since you may get burn.
none
March 23, 1971 I quit the bottle when I finally got help for my PTSD
none
That is not enough wine to cause a problem - There are only four or five glasses of wine in a full bottle of wine - I can legally drive after 3 glasses (almost 4). Maybe she has food poisoning or a gastrointestinal bug of some kind - if she isnt feeling better in 24 hours take her to see a doctor.Give her ginger ale of coca cola so she has something to vomit that is as good going down and coming back.4
Sounds a lot more like a stomach bug to me than alcohol poisoning, meaning that it should pass in 24 to 48 hours. It could be due to something in the wine or any food/drink she had up to 24 hours prior to getting sick. While for most people, that amount of alcohol may not do much past a possible hang over the following morning, if your mother has some kind of intolerance towards it, the results could be worse. Still, Im betting on a stomach bug but if you have any reason to suspect otherwise, by all means, you can usually talk to either a pharmacist for help or call a nurse hotline (most insurances provide that service).
none
none
If you really want to go to the party, you should go. But bear in mind the fact that underage drinking is a big mistake. Therefore, you should bring your own supply of soft drinks or you can drink the non-alcoholic beverages they offer you. When someone offers you a drink, you should kindly refuse or people will think you are stuck up or something. Also, always have a drink in your hand so they cannot make you take their drink. If you are aware of narcotics at the party remember to cover the drink hole with your thumb.
none
Vomit, if you can and make sure to drink decaffinated liquids, gatoraid, orange juice, water, seltzer etc., so you dont get dehydrated. Only time will help you feel better. By the morning, you may have a raging headache and still feel sick, but after a couple of headache pills and a good nights sleep tomorrow, you feel better on Monday. Why when we are angry or hurt by a person we care about, do we harm ourselves more?
At least if you drink water you stay a sober loser . alcohol makes you a drunk loser . and your body craves more of it . plus , alcohol kills your brain cells .
If you like to act hopefully there is a comedy club near you with improv see if you can get friends to join you if there is and do a show or watch one. Or dress up hit a nice restaurant.
none
I already have banned alcohol. It is not allowed in my house. None of the residents drink. If someone has been drinking, theyre not allowed in my house. I do not go to bars or clubs where alcohol is served. As for mandating a national ban, that is impossible. The habit of drinking is too deeply ingrained in the social and economic fabric of our country. It is immaterial how much death, murder, mayhem and irreversible damage drinking causes, just like guns or nicotine (Im a smoker, by the way). We are like spoiled children with a bag of candy--we dont want to hear that well get sick frim eating it all--we want instant gratification and damn the consequences. Alcohol is utterly unnecessary to our survival, but it has become not only accepted--it has become expected. I have been looked at like I just shed my skin when I decline an alcoholic beverage when out with friends. I have been jeered at when I leave a party because I dont want to watch my friends abuse their bodies and become rampantly stupid, all in the name of "having a good time". I lost a good friend because I lambasted him after he related a "hilarious" episode of him drinking and driving and nearly wiping out the side of his house. He thought I was overreacting. I may be an extreme case, since my father was an alcoholic who beat and raped me and nearly killed my mother because she would not drink with him, but Ill stay extreme. Ill keep spreading my individual horrific experiences with alcohol. However I cannot, in all good conscience, try to force my beliefs on others through legislation.
none
Please research USA Prohibition. It doesnt work !!! Foot stamping tantrums,verbal or otherwise,just underline your inadequacies,behave child !
none
Has nothing to do with the nonprofit status or where the company is located and everything to do with the alcohol laws of the LOCAL government where the alcohol is being served.
You should be fine enough to drive.
I have the same problem man. ill get the palpitations and the fluttering in the chest Ive only had the numbness in the face a few times. I know I have high blood pressure and my eating habits are terrible I eat out everyday at fast food joints. im only 21 believe it or not and its been going on for years. my dad has WPW which means Wolfe Parkinson White syndrome its an ailment of the heart it can only be found on a EKG while running on a treadmile which they call a stress test. idk you should go get it checked out maybe get on some high blood pressure medicine. workout out and cardio and eating right will fix this problem. motivation, motivation, motivation...
Most will have a time cutoff of when people under 21 can be in the bar area, generally at 9 or 10 oclock. People under 21 can generally be in the restaurant portion, but many places may choose to go automatically over 21 after 9 or 10 to ensure that nobody underage is present since they dont want to run the risk of their staff serving someone underage and getting fined.
none
Where is the vodka added? If it is added to the cupcake batter prior to serving, all of the alcohol will cook out during the baking process. My wife made and sold cupcakes made with Kahlua with no issues as the end product had a negligible amount of alcohol. The legal threshold of "alcohol" is 0.5% by volume<SEMCOL> anything below this can be sold to anyone of any age with only a standard business license. By comparison, the relatively alcohol-forward rum cakes contain only 0.1% alcohol. If the alcohol is added to the frosting or after the cupcake is taken out of the oven, you might run into issues. One recent fad has been "frozen pints"--ice cream made with craft beer. These have about 2% alcohol, and may only be sold at licensed establishments to people over 21. To be safe, you might want to ask when you are registering your business--they may require you to test the final alcohol content of your cupcakes before permitting you to sell them with a standard business license. Last time I checked, the fine in Ga for selling alcohol without a license (or to a minor) is $10,000. Best to play it safe.
Here is how the process works. You get pulled over for what ever reason and the cop smells booze on your breath or believes you are impaired. He/she is required to arrest you based on that in order to get you on a breathalyzer. If you have a GDL and blow anything other then a 0.00% you are charged and will lose your license. If you have a full license and blow under 0.08% then you will get a 72 hour suspension, over 0.08% you will be charged under the Criminal Code for one of the relevant charges (over 0.08 or impaired driving). Your GDL does not permit you to have ANY booze on your breath, which by extension means you have it in your system. Zero tolerance on GDLs.
Different for different people, but drinking alone is probably not good, being unable to order a soft drink in a bar, being unable to pass a bar or pass up a chance to buy alcohol all not good. If drink is affecting work or relationships. If you are concerned please contact AA.
There is an addictive personality, they tend to be needy, dependent people. People with this personality become alcoholics very easily, however, even if they dont end up on drugs/alcohol they will usually find some way to make a mess out of their lives. Although there are personality types that are prone to alcohol addiction almost anyone can become an alcoholic. Alcoholism is a condition of dependence, If you drink enough for long enough you will become dependent on alcohol. Alcoholism is treatable but only in people who are strongly motivated to quit drinking.
There is no difference I am in  and other sort of anonymous meetings they are the same thing because they are both an intoxicant. the only difference is the effects of the intoxicant therefor causing other problems like alcohol can cause violence more often then say heroin.
I isnt how much you drink that makes you an alcoholic, per se. It is why you are drinking in the first place. Yes, most alcoholics do consume a lot of alcohol, but that isnt why theyre alcoholics. For them, they usually have to drink to get through the day or use it as an excuse to unwind after a long or stressful day. They often make excuses for why or how much they drink. They often go out of their way for alcohol. Some people feel they need it to survive and must drink it. Many of them still maintain functional lives and relationships despite this. Dont worry if youre drinking a lot from time to time. Worry if you drink every day out of habit or boredom or to relieve stress. Worry if you make excuses for your behavior or if you are frequently passing out or doing other unsafe things like driving. If you need help, try visiting an AA or Alanon meeting and talking to some of the people there.
Samuel Adams Utopias is like 29% ABV but it is a very expensive beer. But yeah, there are hundreds of beers that have a high ABV rating. One example is a beer called Rye On Rye - its a beer thats been aged in rye whiskey barrels and it clocks in at 12% ABV. Heres a picture of it... http://www.pinetarpress.com/wp-content/u    Beers like Rye On Rye that come in the larger 750ml bottles will usually have a rather high ABV percentage. Although, beers like this are also more expensive than garbage beers like 211, they make up for it with the incredibly good taste they offer. The best thing to do is find a store that has a shelf that looks like this... http://www.quicklabel.com/blog/wp-conten    this is what high quality beer looks like on shelves.
It is true.
..alcohol might influence every person different, so first youre in the mood and everything was fine, but than after the alcohol was gone you had more problems like before. Its hard to handle this alone, so you might get in contact with an psychological doctor and getting some small talks done, and than he can tell you what you should try. Maybe there is a cause why this happens to you, and than you can fight this. I doubt that there is an imbalance in your brain, you need some help, and he can help you for sure and later youll be happy that you can walk outside without problems at all..
The officers did not mess up. The paperwork they get in the mail will list the charges, that is all that is required. Although it doesnt apply in this case, the officers dont always know what the charges are or could be. For example, you arrest someone for assault. If the victim later dies, the charge can be changed to murder. Or you arrest someone for drunk drivng and the next day you find out the car was stolen. They can still be charged. Being advised of charges against you is only required when you are arraigned before a judge, it isnt required by the officer on the street. I disagree with John. A signature is not requried by law, it is only a convenience to prove you were given the paperwork.
If I drank whiskey with gatorade Id gag too. How about not drinking hard liquor and drinking something lighter, like coolers or beer? Maybe you just arent made to drink. I now some people like that. But if you have to gag it down to have fun, it really isnt worth it.
You have learned how to deal with the effects of alcohol. Congratulation.
This all depends on where you will be clearing Customs when you arrive back in Canada. Alberta, Manitoba and Quebec are the only provinces where 18 is the legal drinking age<SEMCOL> its 19 everywhere else. So unless youre fortunate enough to be arriving first in one of those provinces, you will be faced with a big decision. When the agent asks you if you have anything to declare, and you tell him/her that you have alcohol, it will be confiscated due to your being a minor. If you dont declare it and they decide to search your luggage, you will be in a whole lot of trouble, not only with the authorities but also with your parents. Not a good idea.
Try (if you must) a Screwdriver. Mostly orange juice. And when you have had enough you can switch to straight orange juice without anyone noticing.
sounds mostly like its under control she must have had enough mobility to get her from A to B to C even if she further soils herself in bed its not a problem perhaps the only issue at this stage could be further vomiting while she is sleeping on which she might choke anyway nice work caring enough to tidy her up
none
It can be quite hard to quit drinking, and its also potentially lethal to quit cold turkey. Alcohol withdrawal is the only substance withdrawal that can kill people, due to the effects alcohol has on the nervous system, and what abrupt withdrawal does to it. What you are experiencing is likely part of alcohol withdrawal. If you are considering making changes to your alcohol intake, there are several options for you - cutting down, or complete abstinence. Cutting down is something that is safe to undertake without expert input. The aim of this is to drink less, but still enough to avoid the onset of withdrawal symptoms, then giving the body time to adjust to the decreased amounts of alcohol, then a further decrease. Abstinence is best done with the support of a professional who can prescribe medication to help decrease the potentially fatal side effects of acute withdrawal, as well as the unpleasant other effects. In either case, it is advisable to start taking a vitamin B complex daily, with a specific focus on thiamine and niacin. Alcohol destroys these 2 vitamins and can lead to dementias such as Wernickes-Korsakoff syndrome.
Make it with cherry vodka and soak the cherries youre using in Meyers rum a day ahead. Cherries soaked in Meyers are delish. Buy some of the plastic ramekins to make them in. Dont try to make it in a sheet and then cut squares, the alcohol will make them lose shape and stick together fast. unless you have, and want to wash dozens of shot glasses, theyre out too. Ive make thousands of these.
water eye drops body mist revlon colorstay foundation
Of course not. If you could increase the alcohol content by mixing then we would all do it. Mix two 4% and get 5%. Mix to 5% and get 6% - in the end youd get 100% alcohol! What mixing drinks can do is make you more ill - but that is because of incompatibility of the various other ingredients - not the alcohol.
Drug experts say alcohol worse than crack or heroin (Reuters) - Alcohol is a more dangerous drug than both crack and heroin when the combined harms to the user and to others are assessed, British scientists said Monday. Presenting a new scale of drug harm that rates the damage to users themselves and to wider society, the scientists rated alcohol the most harmful overall and almost three times as harmful as cocaine or tobacco. According to the scale, devised by a group of scientists including Britains Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs (ISCD) and an expert adviser to the European Monitoring Center for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA), heroin and crack cocaine rank as the second and third most harmful drugs. Ecstasy is only an eighth as harmful as alcohol, according to the scientists analysis. Professor David Nutt, chairman of the ISCD, whose work was published in the Lancet medical journal, said the findings showed that "aggressively targeting alcohol harms is a valid and necessary public health strategy." He said they also showed that current drug classification systems had little relation to the evidence of harm. Alcohol and tobacco are legal for adults in Britain and many other countries, while drugs such as ecstasy and cannabis and LSD are often illegal and carry the threat of prison sentences. "It is intriguing to note that the two legal drugs assessed -- alcohol and tobacco -- score in the upper segment of the ranking scale, indicating that legal drugs cause at least as much harm as do illegal substances," Nutt, who was formerly head of the influential British Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs (ACMD), said in a statement about the study. Nutt was forced to quit the ACMD a year ago after publicly criticizing ministers for ignoring scientific advice suggesting cannabis was less harmful than alcohol. The World Health Organization estimates that risks linked to alcohol cause 2.5 million deaths a year from heart and liver disease, road accidents, suicides and cancer -- accounting for 3.8 percent of all deaths. It is the third leading risk factor for premature death and disabilities worldwide. In an effort to offer a guide to policy makers in health, policing, and social care, Nutts team rated drugs using a technique called multicriteria decision analysis (MCDA) which assessed damage according to nine criteria on harm to the user and seven criteria on harm to others. Harms to the user included things such as drug-specific or drug-related death, damage to health, drug dependence and loss of relationships, while harms to others included crime, environmental damage, family conflict, international damage, economic cost, and damage to community cohesion. Drugs were then scored out of 100, with 100 given to the most harmful drug and zero indicating no harm at all. The scientists found alcohol was most harmful, with a score of 72, followed by heroin with 55 and crack with 54. Among some of the other drugs assessed were crystal meth (33), cocaine (27), tobacco (26), amphetamine or speed (23), cannabis (20), benzodiazepines, such as Valium (15), ketamine (15), methadone (14), mephedrone (13), ecstasy (9), anabolic steroids (9), LSD (7) and magic mushrooms (5).
When you have no memory of what happened it means you blacked out. And yes you could have died. Never mix downer pills with alcohol. You also could have gone into a coma and lived the rest of hour life as a vegetable.
I dont know any brown bottle ones, but I know some alcoholic drinks that are really tasty! Pretty much taste like juice. Mikes Hard Lemonade is really good, the cranberry is my fave. Seagrams is another brand, and my favorite from them is Strawberry Daquiri
I googled "middle ages alcohol additives" and another search I did was "Authentic middle ages food and drink" I dont have time to read all the information but I did see where they flavored beer with all sorts of spices. Does the powder smell like spices? You could also go to a site that sell "Authentic middle ages food and drink" and email them with your question. Im sure you will find an answer somewhere. Good luck.
It will - all fermentations will make alcohol. But if you want to make a decent drink, then follow a recipe, using the correct ingredients and equipment. There is plenty of recipes online for drinks based on apples and apple juice. Take no notice of those who talk about methyl alcohol - you wont get that from normal fermentation - youd need to distill your finished drink. The worst that could happen is that your wort will get infected and turn into vinegar - but stick to a proper recipe and youll be fine.
It creates religious conservatives that believe beating and persecuting their children is Gods love. Heres the list: 1) Expensive to buy alcohol and others go without things to pay for it. 2) It is embarrassing for family members when society knows that a member has an issue with it. 3) Often alcoholics are violent and show violence to their families. 4) Often alcoholics have legal issues like DUIs that take money from innocent family members. 5) It causes hallucinations and memory loss, "I saw Jesus". 6) Alcoholics hang out in bars often which takes time away from family members. 7) Alcoholism makes you feel poorly so you dont feel like engaging with family members. 8) Alcoholism makes people angry and unable to cope with important family issues. 9) Alcoholics tend to miss a lot of work which takes money from the family unit or causes them to be unemployed often.
Wed actually have less (fewer) alcoholics, but wed still have some. I think, as a beverage, it should be illegal. But as a cooking ingredient, no.
No, even if it was outlawed people would find a way to get it or make it, just like in Prohibition
Never heard of alcohol and tea mixed. Mike
She seems dependent on alcohol so yeah, probably.
Not blackmail (extortion) under Texas law unless something of value is involved. If marriage includes a dowry, that might qualify. He would have to have made the threat to her while she was still in Texas for it to be something that could be prosecuted there. That would be the case even if he was in Pakistan and sent her an email requiring marriage and a dowry in order to avoid the embarrassing revelation. The marriage would be void if made in Texas. Not sure about Pakistani law.
Best not to drink alcohol while taking medication of any kind.
none
I think it will depend on the resort. I know the one we go too in the Mayan Riviera, which is a high end resort will make every attempt to get what a person wants. We usually get an email asking what we want in our bar, and fridge. Sometimes I ask for some beer that I know they dont serve on a normal basis, and when we get there its in the fridge. I would talk with a travel agent. They may be able to steer you in the right direction, or at least find out what resorts might serve non alcoholic beer. I have a friend and his wife that go to Playa del Carmen each year, and he is a recovering alcoholic. The first thing he does is jump into a taxi and heads over to the Playa Walmart for a case of ODouls. The bartenders at the resorts also make all sorts of virgin drinks that can keep you busy tasting them all. You just have to be careful that they dont put alcohol in the drink. So you will have to be the taster. I wish you good luck. Not everyone likes to drink alcohol. You might start a trend at your resort.
Consider the "Drunk As Cooter Brown Awards".
Alcohol duty and VAT contributes about   16billion a year to the public finances,
Not sure you understand the question - yeast farts C02 and produce alcohol out of the available sugar. Yeast dies (well goes dormant) if there is enough available sugar to allow the alcohol to go too high for the particular type of east. Hence the need for special yeast for wine/champagne, vs beer. Of course yeast strains also impart unique flavor profiles as well so another reason for different types of yeast.
An alcoholic is addicted to alcohol. They feel they need a drink to function. They suffer withdrawal symptoms if they do not have their drinks. You can drink a lot without being an alcoholic. When you start to rely on your drinks, you run into a problem. It has nothing to do with quantity to get drunk - a "lightweight" takes only a small amount of alcohol to get drunk - this could be a 14 year old trying wine at home, it would be 28 year old boxer out with friends, it could be a 54 year old alcoholic. Its the dependance on alcohol which classfies an alcoholic
Yes they are more strict on age and do check ID more and more. Your information on alcohol rules is outdated, it is 18 for all alcohol now. And the rules allow and expect places to check your ID till you are 25. If you are over 14 you have to carry your official ID with you whenever outside your house, only some Europeans can get away with DL, not minors.
Get checked out by your doc to rule out any hormonal imbalance or other medical issue...if youre fine physically then speak to a therapist...we cannot know why youve lost interest, but seeking arousal by using a depressant (alcohol) isnt an ideal long term solution...
In a slow cooker you will retain the taste of raw alcohol making the dish quite foul. In cooking alcohol should be burnt off.
none
Generally it depends what your drinking in the first place... if your drinking stuff like wine and your only sipping it, it wont bloat you but you will get extremely dehydrated if u have a heavy session on it. when it comes to bloating beer is the worst case offender, and as a regular beer drinker i can truly vouch for that.
They have a system in place that alerts the shift manager that they need to card you before the purchase can be made so it would have to be stolen for you to actually walk out with it... I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t recommend that.
$10 worth of vodka isnt gonna go very far at all if youre throwing a party. Lmao Good idea though, Id just throw a little more money into the alcohol
Yes, it makes you stupid and severely reduces physical coordination. Like you cant keep both eyes pointing the same direction, and you cant maintain balance. The effects on judgment are well known, but there is no reliable way to measure judgment.
How do you eat the bologna is it raw or fried ? next time fried the bologna and eat it with sardines while drinking drink a tall glass of chocolate milk. so you wont get sick when you drink alcohol.
none
First lets discuss that you add monovalent cation such as sodium acetate to the solution with D. Knowing that D is a negatively charge molecule because of its Phosphate backbone, sodium acetate will dissolve into anions and cations in solution where the cations will be attracted to the negatively charged D thus hiding its charge overall where they will cancel out. Now comes the reason why we add isopropyl alcohol, which is to keep D bound with cation because without it will just simply dissolve in water again. D is insoluble in alcohol thus in the end D will precipitate out of the solution as a solid.
Oh how my heart goes out to your. I KNOW ALL you are saying, ALL you are feeling. I am a 25 yr. sober alcoholic. Was married to 2 alcoholic husbands, are both now my ex husbands. Of course I met them when I was drinking. You are actually telling the story of my middle now adult Son. His Father abused him from age 2 on, until he moved out of the house at 19 with his now wife. The constant fighting between myself & him, the kids, we lived the life in hell. I later left & divorced him. Met still another alcoholic, ended up marrying him, but we decided to get sober. Well, I got sober, he put "time" together, but kept going back out again, cheating on me constantly. I went to AA, sometimes 8 mtgs. in 7 days. I WANTED SO BADLY to get, to stay sober. My AA sponser got me going to Alanon. I worked BOTH programs to the "T". AA saved my life, Alanon saved my sanity. That I can truly say. PLEASE please find the very next Alanon mtg. closest to you & GO GO...I can PROMISE they WILL help you. They are the very BEST bunch of folks you could hope to meet. They WILL do EVERYTHING in their power to help you. Thats what they are there for, to help those who need help. I dont know what I would have done without them in my life at that time when I was going thru such a rough life & was 5 states away from my family, all alone. Please trust me, I WANT to help you as others helped me. This is the ONLY way I can help you. Please allow me to do it for you. Look in the yellow pages for alcohol. Call it, get the next mtg. to Alanon & GO. Let me help you that way, as I KNOW I CAN. Im doing my part, now you do your part. I dont do this often, but if you want to write to me, let me know how you make out, do it, Id love to hear from you. MAKE SURE you put "alcohol" in the subject line so I dont delete it...firebire638@yahoo.com....I so HOPE to hear from you that youre doing better, that youre going to Alanon. I pray youll go...my heart is with you...best to you...:) Edit: Alanon
Yes, you clearly have a problem. Do you really need us to tell you that? Your doctor can help you. I doubt that you can handle this yourself. Im sure that you think you can. The American approach to alcohol treatment has been heavily influenced by the AA way of thinking, which is that you have to completely avoid alcohol. Still, some treatment programs focus on controlling the drinking rather than stopping it outright. Talk to your doctor about which approach will be best for you.
In any case you should start in an auspicious day in consultation with a priest or a famous astrologer, if you want your genuine efforts to be successful. Good Q. indeed. "If God be for us, who can be against us. (Romans 
No you didnt, it takes much longer than that for something to ferment.
drink a lot of water and rest...its not withdrawal its just a hangover. Eat some healthy food too
yes, there was a restaurant in Chicago, I think it was called the Mongolian house or something like that. they didnt have a liquor license so people were allowed to bring their own alcohol. the restaurant I used to work at allowed people to bring wine from the winery across the street, but they charged a corking fee.
none
Let x liters be the amount of 14% alcohol solution. 0.14 x + 0.50 (20) = 0.20 (x + 20) 0.14 x + 10 = 0.2 x + 4 10 - 4 = 0.2 x - 0.14 x 6 = 0.06 x 1 = 0.01 x x = 100 Therefore, we need 100 liters of 14% alcohol solution.
none
First off, go without drinking any alcohol for maybe a couple weeks and see if this rash/itching happens from something else (food maybe). Then try different types of alcoholic beverages. It may not even be the alcohol itself but the other components in it. If you are gluten sensitive, then beer would give you a reaction.
Police are enforcers, not counselors, not adjudicators of what punishment is appropriate, nor do they have the authority to do anything but refer offenders for prosecution. Not all counseling efforts are successful, the individual must be willing to change. Self-destructive/self-defeating behavior may also be a subconscious (not something one recognizes as a motivator) means of drawing the attention of others, so that they can provide help. It is more effective to directly seek help from a properly qualified counselor. A psychotherapist cannot provide a cure, they can only provide guidance toward techniques that have worked for others, and some treatment relies on changing behavior. All mental and physical processes are electro-bio-chemical in nature. And, depression can be triggered by defective assimilation of sugar. One should not underestimate the effects of proper diet (minimal sugar and saturated fat, avoiding processed and refined foods and soft drinks, minimal fast food<SEMCOL> seek out vegetables, fruits, beans, legumes, seeds, nuts, a small amount of whole grains, deep sea fish, poultry, and an occasional small amount of lean meat<SEMCOL> but treat yourself occasionally), avoiding drugs (legal and illegal) and alcohol, and adequate sleep (consistent each day and preferably more than 7 hours , but note that excessive sleep can have negative effects), which are essential for optimal physical and mental functioning. Depression and schizophrenia are associated with low levels of omega-3 fats, and a high ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 fats. And, meditation has been proven to reduce stress (many books are available). The American Journal of Physiology (Sep 2011) explained how exercise improves memory, treats depression, and makes people feel better. Also, self-absorption can be associated with some level of depression. Guided imagery is a common technique in improving athletic performance and in cancer treatment, among other things. It involves mentally picturing a specific image or goal and imagining oneself achieving that goal. Those with cancer are taught to imagine their bodies fighting cancer cells and athletes are taught to see themselves executing their stressful behavior with proper form. In this case, one could imagine the creation of new neural connections and weakening of old neural connections (or both). Guided imagery: http://www.healthjourneys.com/free_audio    Self-pity is easily the most destructive of the nonpharmaceutical narcotics<SEMCOL> it is addictive, gives momentary pleasure and separates the victim from reality. John W. Gardner No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. Buddha A man is but the product of his thoughts, what he thinks, he becomes. Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
Dont have cash. Pay bills and send money to remote savings accounts so you cant get it back quickly. I find I spend less when I feel broke so if you have any bills at all prepay them. If you are old enough to buy alcohol you need to pay bills even if you live with parents. Say you have a car payment with 3 years left to pay you can send double payments cut it in half or put money in your 401K to get it out of your bank account. You can even send a credit card more than you owe so have a negative balance.
First off, ethanol and acetone form a hemiketal and ketal, not hemiacetal and acetal. Also, only a diol like ethylene glycol would form a cyclic ketal with acetone. Hemiketal formation is spontaneous and reversible, so in a way it is "favorable." For ketal formation, you would need a "drop" of acid and a way to separate water from the reaction mixture. A common tactic is to add a little benzene and distil. Benzene, water, and ethanol form a ternary azeotrope that distils over, leaving the higher boiling acetone diethyl ketal in the pot. Then you raise the heat and distil that over separately.
I dont know how you could not refer to alcohol in a book set during Prohibition and the Roaring Twenties. "Alcohol dependence was a growing problem in the U.S. for over a century before Prohibition came into law. In 1830, American boys and men aged 15 and older drank an average of 88 bottles of whiskey per year, 3 times what Americans drinks today. Drinking wasn   t a new thing<SEMCOL> alcohol had been an important part of the American food culture since Colonial times. Americans routinely drank at every meal    breakfast, lunch, and dinner."
Well you have obviously got some self-esteem issues and you need to think about what effect alcohol has on you that helps you to feel more comfortable. The main thing about alcohol is that you feel loose and you dont think too hard about anything because you are not in the right state of mind. The thing with being sober is that you have a chance to overthink your decisions and regret them afterwards and remember the painfully awkward moments whereas with alcohol you can barely remember them. What you need to do is: - Dont overthink things, If your conscience is telling you go up to someone and flirt with them, do it. Dont even give yourself a split second to think about it. -Tell yourself in the mirror every morning "I am a confident, unique individual and theres no-one like me" It helps build self-esteem -Look presentable but dont be insecure. If you look good you will feel better about yourself and more people will want to approach you. However, dont be focused on looking like others. You are you and thats all you can be. -Dont be afraid to make mistakes, everyone has been rejected or ignored. It is embarrasing but you need to show everyone your better than that and move on as quick as possible
The law is that you can not by alcohol until you are 21. Most of the states have some exception that allows kids under 21 to drink, such as religious ceremonies. Most states allow parents to give kids alcohol in the privacy of their own home. I believe there is only one state that has a total ban on alcohol for kids under all circumstances. You would have to do some research on your state.
It does. In my family there is a long line of alcoholics dating back to before my grand parents. We also have many drug addicts. Children learn it from their parents. Growing up, I listened to my alcoholic parents brag to their friends about how drunk and wasted they got the night before. I grew up thinking that the whole purpose of drinking was to get as drunk as possible. I grew up thinking it was funny when people got really drunk and that is what all adults were supposed to do. Luckily, after I had made a fool of myself enough times in front of good friends who were angry with me, I realized my parents were wrong and stopped. Luckily I never had to get a DUI to learn my lesson. Luckily I never had to lose my job or damage my liver before I came to my senses but not such good luck for my siblings. My siblings became alcoholics like my parents and now they have to go to AA too and they have DUIs on their record as well. They have to pay higher car insurance rates and they can never drink again. There are many jobs they would not qualify for simply because of their DUIs and alcoholic past. They also have serious health issues in their older age because of the drinking when they were young. There is nothing wrong with an occasional drink with friends as long as you are not going to try to drive a car. But you should never try to get drunk, that is really punishing yourself. Even one drink has side effects. When you are young you do not get very bad hangovers when you drink but the more you drink the more serious the hangovers become. Many young people can drink a lot and never feel sick the next morning but eventually their bodies change from the alcohol and they suddenly find they feel very bad in the mornings after drinking. Alcoholism sneaks up on you. You always think you are managing it well until suddenly you are too lost in it. They call is a "disease of denial" because alcoholics never think it is the booze that is causing the problems in their lives. They always think that they can learn to control it but once you are in the habit of drinking too much, it is too late. I was a bartender when I was young. Every day many of the same people would come into the bar and drink and tell me their problems. Maybe that is why I never became an alcoholic. I realized right away that their problems were all because they drank too much but as a bartender I could not tell them that. My job was to get them to drink more. I liked being a bartender because it gave me the feeling that the cash I got for doing that job paid me back for the terrible childhood I had because of my alcoholic parents.
There isnt anything good about it. Alcohol and caffeine both irritate your stomach, so the two together might bother your stomach. Caffeine and alcohol can be a dangerous combination. Usually, when people drink, they get sleepy and dont do much. With alcohol and caffeine, they can be awake and wanting to do something but still be too drunk to not do things safely.
(357 g C3H7OH) / (60.09535 g C3H7OH/mol) x (42.1 kJ/mol) = 250098 J removed by the evaporation (250.098 kJ) / (6.01 kJ/mol) x (18.01532 g H2O/mol) = 750 g H2O
The general reaction between an alcolol (R-OH) and sodium is to produce the corresponding alkoxide of sodium (R-ONa) and give off hydrogen (H2) gas. The general equation is: 2R-OH + 2Na ? 2R-ONa + H2(g) As the alcohols molecular weight increases, the reaction becomes less vigorous. Sodium reacts almost explosively with water to form sodium hydroxide and H2, It reacts less explosively, but vigorously, with methanol to yield hydrogen and sodium methoxide (CH3ONa). The reaction is between the -OH group on the alcohol molecule, and the alkyl, or hydrocarbon, end is unreactive. So a longer alkyl chain will cause the reaction to become less vigorous since the -OH group is a smaller fraction of the entire molecule. Thus ethanol reacts less vigorously than methanol, 1-propanol reacts still less vigorously and 2-propanol will react slightly less vigorously than 1-propanol, due to the -OH group being in the middle of the molecule and not on the end. 1-butanol and 1-pentanol react even less vigorously due to the longer chains.
No. This is an old myth. The reality is that alcohol inhibits a reaction called gluconeogenesis, which is how your body keeps your blood sugar up between meals. If you havent eating very recently, with alcohol inhibiting the reaction that your body normally uses to keep your blood sugar up, your blood sugar will drop. This will cause symptoms that are similar to alcohol intoxication, so you will feel more drunk and will have a worse hangover. But the difference isnt because food absorbs alcohol. The difference is because food keeps your blood sugar up. Carbs keep your blood sugar up better in the short term. Even if carbs could absorb alcohol, the carbs themselves are quickly absorbed from your stomach. Its not like the food just sits there forever, ready to hold on to the alcohol.
Find new friends who dont drink please Ur best friends with pizz heads? Oh please... Do as the boss says n find some decent chaps to hang about with Hassan dont talk to me Aloo paratha what domes hmu mean? Suprise? Honestly find out for me where in US is there a demand for me? Wanna relocate Lol its either canada usa or Qatar. Id love to go Qatar Its just U.K is too saturates. I hear Canada is getting saturated too, so best bet is US or Qatar... Lol lets move then chuck :)
Are you asking for answers or approbation? You have drunk a lot and are drunk - so?
i hope u dont plan to do this its a painful way to die ur liver fails and its painful
You can use non alcoholic or even concentrated flavourings that are available in some food /baking sections such as sherry,rum or brandy etc.
Yes good idea
reds apple ail is delicious
Complete combustion infers a conversion of all carbon in the molecule to carbon dioxide. A molecule of ethanol contains 2 carbon atoms, whereas a molecule of stearyl alcohol, for example, contains 18 carbon atoms. Accordingly if you have sufficient oxygen to completely combust a mole of ethanol, you will probably find you have insufficient oxygen to completely combust a mole of stearyl alcohol. The more carbons in the molecule, the more oxygen you need to completely react with them.
sounds like a secret cult. then u say they pay you? weird! try to know your parents past. and remember that u create your own future.
Stupider, but you think youre funnier.
What a bizarre idea. The easy way is to freeze it and pour off the alcohol.
Thats why We call it Maidens Water.
It is not obligatory to drink to intoxication. Just have as much as you want and then stop. Consider yourself lucky that you dont get drunk too easily.
Pepto bismol. Sounds gross, but oh my god, soooooooooooo good!!
Relaxing :)
Yes theres been many deaths by alcohol overdose its called alcohol poisoning the person forgets how to breath and dies also heart attack
Nice and Relaxed, Happy :)
Not sure where you found those symptoms or what you mean by alcohol during lactation. Unless mom is absolutely falling down/passing out drunk, baby wont get enough alcohol through the milk to have any significant symptoms. And if baby does have symptoms, its because he has gotten enough alcohol (a sedative) through the milk to be affected. However, what research has been done suggests that babies sleep LESS after nursing when the mother has consumed some alcohol. http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/co   
After reading all the responses, its obvious that there will be no consensus without qualifying the whole scenario. I would HOPE that most people would call any act of sexual violence rape. Also if one was to ply alcohol to another to induce a drugged state and then go on to have sex is also rape. I would similarly HOPE that we could all agree that giving consent while both parties are equally drunk and in the moment and then regretting the next day is NOT considered rape, as is increasingly being pushed by the feminist lobby. If we could agree to some common ground, we might get ahead. If not, which for some reason people seem to want to push only their view of this act, then we shall remain divided. @Hannah. We concur. Certainly nobody in their right mind advocates rape. I believe most disagreements occur with the definitions and details of cicumstances.
none
I have never heard it referred to as like alcohol. Tell a cop you are driving high and youll get a DWI The only people saying driving while high is safe are potheads. Your reaction time is off. You are zoning out. Kid runs out from between 2 parked cars. BAM People like Kathy is the reason we switched to home schooling. Old liberal, feminist, hippies.
I puked when a gay dog bit me. Is that right?
Generally treatment of alcohol poisoning is supportive unless there is an extremely high blood alcohol level. (Were talk too much drinking alcohol here, not more toxic kinds.) A urinary catheter is probably the most invasive thing you would get. You might get a thiamine shot. If you blood sugar was low, you might get IV dextrose. Yes, you would be turned to one side or the other to prevent aspiration and your breathing (especially) would be monitored as respiratory depression (next to aspiration) is the main route to fatality. If your respirations were depressed, you might have oxygen administered to your nose. Whether you would get your stomach pumped would depend on various factors such as whether there was a good chance of recovering a significant amount of alcohol or whether a combination including other drugs was suspected. As this can be dicey with an unconscious person, this is not undertaken lightly.
Vodka is alcohol made with fermentation of potato. Later they have done the same with other grains, yet the original recipe is with potatoes.
none
Hes coming down from all the stimulants in the pre-workout. He needs to rest and drink lots of water.
none
Most alcohol has that bitter taste, the only ones that I can remember not tasting like that was alcopops. Things like WKD and Smirnoff Ice. Or maybe try some cocktails? You can get some that dont taste like alcohol at all
Uhhh, yes. What is your point? Gas stations and all stores, except pharmacies, were also closed on Sunday until the mid-60s
none
Im very tempted to call BS on this one. Any person weighing 160 pounds and drinking 750 ml of 70 proof vodka in a mere three hours would be very drunk, no matter their level of experience. Either you were drunk and didnt realize it (many drunken people thing theyre sober), or you didnt do what you thought you did, or youre just plain out pulling our leg. Any person drinking that much that fast, be they a first-time drinker or hard-core alcoholic, would have a dangerously high blood alcohol content. The idea of tolerance is a tricky one. Everyones blood alcohol content increases in the same way, but more experienced drinkers get used to the feeling and learn to control their behavior better. But they are still drunk, make no mistake about that.
You are muddling up terms. Drinking with the goal to get intoxicated IS alcohol abuse, it has nothing to do with alcoholism although alcoholics usually abuse alcohol. If you drink every weekend with the goal of getting intoxicated then you are prone to alcohol abuse so your psych is correct. You are correct in your assertion your friends are prone to alcohol abuse as well which isnt a good situation to be in. Alcoholism is dependance on alcohol but does NOT mean you need to drink it daily. If you find consumption of alcohol is becoming a part of your thought processes, that you relate situations to consuming alcohol such as "if only I could have a beer this meeting would be barable" or "I cant wait to have a beer" then that is the same depebdant behavior. It does sound like you a binge drinking which is somewhat worse for your liver, kidneys and brain but ultimately will lead to alcohol dependance. Yes there are A LOT of people in the same boat as you including your friends. No that doesnt make your situation or behavior any better.
Watching the Blues Brothers :) (and trying to count how many cars are wrecked)
Shes lying about her doctor visits too. You do know a relative could have a conversation with her GP dont you? The doctor cant discuss the case, but will listen to your concerns and act upon them accordingly.
sure, although i wouldnt bother. bathroom of hot water, slit my wrists, bleed to death. blood wont clot in hot water. if i needed something ot take my mind off since it takes a while, I think music and drugs like weed or lsd would help out lot. im depressed and often suicidal, although too wuss to do it. i know all the methods. theres a workaround but its not as passive as slitting the wrists. its pretty violent... but violent is my thing. actually i wont kill myself if its not violent because i want to go out with a bang... one that breaks windows miles away. an alternative that i know of if the person is too scared of pain is that they can swipe some phenol (local anesthetic) from the dentists office, scuff up the wrist with something rough like a scouring patch because the stuff wont work without the skin being broken. apply phenol, wait 5-10 minutes, and hack into it with a knife. wont feel a thing. back when i first started cutting id sometimes use otc phenol (sore throat spray) to help manage the pain. these days i dont use it at all. otc phenol is weaker and takes 10-30 minutes, and requires cuts to work, which means that it cannot be used to assist suicide if that person cannot cut their wrists in the first place.
Alcohol use during pregnancy is completely different from alcohol use during breastfeeding. High/regular alcohol use during pregnancy can cause a wide range of developmental issues, up to and including Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. And as i said when you asked this question a couple of days ago, i have NO idea where you got this information about the effects of alcohol during breastfeeding. Can you post a link? Reliable sites suggest that typical effects of moderate use (light/ocassional use rarely has any effects at all), include poor let-down, less willingness to nurse (which can indeed lead to poor weight weight over time), wakefulness and possibly (in mothers who drink on a daily basis), slight delays in the development of some gross motor skills.
none
none
You may be referring to me? I get hornier when buzzed. Im not sure about most women. Mythbusters did a program where Jamie, Adam, and Kari all got drunk and rated faces for attractiveness before and after being drunk. They overall rated people as more attractive when they were intoxicated. So, theres that. :)
none
It does seem far-fetched but you never know. Next time in the store walk to the pharmacy and ask to consult with the pharmacist who will know the answer.
For most people it does. It removes inhibitions
please STOP asking this question u r scaring me i answered this already u may NOT die u MAY end up needing a liver transplant or hooked up to life support or in a coma or paralyzed get help for ur depression and suicidal thoughts suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem
none
Youre right, not everyone drinks. I can only contribute that I once listened to my hairdresser go on and on about how she got stupid, useless gifts from customers during the holidays when what she really would have appreciated was some cash. You dont know the guy personally, so if you dont want to give him money, would a gift card be acceptable to you? Best of luck.
I dont know if it will or not - But it should.
The cost of a bottle in your state and five bucks more. One way to make sure that people will keep picking up a bottle for you is to throw them money for gas on a regular basis. As for bottle size and cost, I dont know your state and I dont know how much you want. Try going on line for the local liquor store.
none
It is a fact (not opinion), that excessive consumption of alcohol kills your brain cells. Since whiskey contains alcohol, excessive consumption of whiskey will slow you down mentally. But, the key word is "excessive". Moderate alcohol intake will not inhibit your cognitive function.
Yea, sure, if nothing else it might prove to people that banning items from the legal marketplace does way more harm than good! Wait about 6 more years though, then we could have the "Roaring twenties" all over again in this century! What a lot of fun we could have! Organized crime would become a force to be feared again (especially if the radical gun control groups get their way and ban most autoloading firearms!) People could go back to attempting to distill their own alcohol, treasury agents would have a lot of work tracking down illegal distilling operations. The new ridge runners would be delivering alcohol to illegal clubs all over the country. And when its all done, and the government realizes that regulation gives them more control than an outright ban ... the new ridge runners can go into dirt track and rally car racing and bring a whole new group of fans to motorsports! Good plan!
You sound like a lush. Leave her alone. She does not want to drink. Find something sober to do, which will be better for your health and for your relationship, too.
Alcoholic is someone who cant control them self with alcohol. Alcohol rules their life, not the other way around. Your friend certainly sounds like a candidate. Thing is, alcohol is a depressant, if hes depressed drinking wont make it better only worse. Im guessing professional help is in order.
You start composing questions like this.
It depends on a persons system(liver especially), size/weight, and amount consumed. I dont remember the breakdown of how long the average person takes to remove a serving of alcohol-Im feeling lazy and thats something you can look up yourself. If you were to drink a lot on any given day and then nothing else alcoholic, there is almost zero chance it would be detectable a month later.
Theres no reason why you cant i dont think. Just so long as you dont get so smashed you throw up everywhere and fall off the stool!
There really isnt a list you "should" know. What you should know is what you like. What do you like? And what are you trying to do? Not going to a bar because you didnt know what to order is rather silly. There are literally thousands of drinks, and hundreds of alcohols. Find something you like thats rather weak<SEMCOL> i you only drink strong drinks you will get wasted too fast and not have any fun. Thats why people drink beer, its weak. Granted, drink too much of anything and you will get wasted. Generally, its good to drink things with no more than two or three ingredients because they are easier to make right. Try a gin and tonic, screwdriver, rum and coke, jack and coke, that sort of thing. Not everyone likes alcohol, so if you dont, then dont drink. Just say you dont like it. I rarely drink liquor, and only rink beer if Im in a bar. I like red wine. That said, a lot of bard have a crappy wine selection, which is why Ill drink a beer. The key is to find what you like, and stick with that.
I hope your joking.... Alcohol evaporates, the calories do not.
Water bottle - Vodka Apple juice bottle - Rum
Youve got it right... alcohol is banned in jail and prison, and some prisoners will do anything they can to get a drink. Hand sanitizer contains it as it kills germs. It must taste terrible but they will do it for the alcohol. I happen to be British, Ive been in prison, and its the same here. There is a lot of brewing of "hooch". You can make orange juice ferment and thats the basic recipe. Even just leave a carton of orange juice out of the refrigerator for a week or two, and the natural yeast in the fruit will have gone to work on the sugar in it and generated alcohol. Get to it before the carton actually explodes from the pressure of the gas that fermentation also produces, and you will taste the alcohol. The chemical reaction, as any brewer or winemaker knows, is sugar + yeast = alcohol + carbon dioxide gas. Until the alcohol kills the yeast off - this is why the average table wine is about 10% alcohol. Thats the point at which fermentation naturally stops because the yeast has died. In making bread, it goes the other way - what you want is the gas to make it rise, the yeast ferments the carbohydrates in the flour, and the alcohol boils off in the oven. Once the bread has risen properly, you bake it and the heat of the oven kills the yeast. To make champagne, the technique is to make the wine ferment a little more in the bottle and that creates the fizz. I hasten to add that I never got involved and Ive been told hooch tastes terrible, but some long-term prisoners would go for it just for a taste of alcohol. Over Christmas and New Year when I was there, the prison officers went through all the cells searching - Im sure it was alcohol they were looking for. What we were allowed to buy included orange juice, but one thing distinctly not on the order form was alcoholic mouthwash. Most mouthwash contains alcohol as again, it kills germs, but all we could buy was non-alcoholic mouthwash. Otherwise the prison knew what would happen - prisoners would be drinking it. We didnt have hand sanitizer - if you want to wash your hands, use soap!
There is no pressure. It boils, moves up, condensates. Thats it.
none
No, hydrogen peroxide and rubbing alcohol should not be used on any kind of piercing. Sea salt soaks 2-3 times a day.
What you are looking for are called Foo-foo drinks. These are the drinks that come with cherries and a little paper umbrella. Pina Colada Daquiri also check into Sea Breezes and its variations. Dude, White Russians.
I find that coolers taste more juice-y than most alchohol. Id suggest Mikes Hard Lemonade or Woodys.
The basic definition of addiction is that someone continues to do something even in the face of consequences. Most alcoholics live in denial. It is easy to deny everything around them, especially that they cause the majority of their problems with drinking. Someone with alcoholism comes to depend on alcohol to cope with life. Not just to make life easier but to stave off withdrawal (it isa very bad process, very painful.) So if someone is mentally dependent on alcohol to deal with this life and reality, they may eventually become physically dependent on alcohol. So we have someone physically and mentally addicted to alcohol. To break the persons dependence something very earth shattering has to happen. Alcohol has a way of making a persons world view very small. It eventually comes to the point that person literally can not remember how to function without alcohol. When something horrible happens, then and only then will most people realize that there has to be a different way to live. Only when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of changing will these people change.
Jail is unlikely. Expect a longer probation, a longer alcohol treatment regime, bigger fines, and possibly losing your license. Ill shoot straight. Youve got a drinking problem. It is negatively impacting your life as evidenced by the fact that youve gotten arrested twice. All alcoholics start off as social drinkers and spiral out of control. Most people can drink their entires lives and keep in under control. In your short life, youve already gotten out of control You need to leave the sauce. Take your treatment program seriously.
I mean, it can help, but usually their life ends up declining. Nothing like that can be a good solution to go to when theyre trying to drown out all their problems. Being an alcoholic, like being addicted to opiates or whatever else, can lead to physical health problems, issues with relationships, and so on. So basically even though the alcoholism is helping their emotional problems, its creating other problems in the process.
Alcohol can be an effective way to make you forget your problems, but it doesnt solve them.
It will most likely calm the OCD. Alcohol affects the GABA (an amino acid) in the brain. This amino acid is responsible for calming affects in the brain. Most people who have OCD, which is just an anxiety disorder, have a depletion of GABA in their brain. Alcohol causes an influx in the GABA and other chemicals in the brain such as dopamine. It create synthetic GABA, thus creating a calming affect in the brain. Dont rely on this though to treat your OCD, it could lead to alcohol abuse and alcohol dependence. A lot of people who abuse alcohol do so to self medicate for mental disorders. I would highly recommend an SSRI and therapy.
That is also going to depend on the licence held by the palce that has been hired.
I am not familiar with the specific syndrome you are referring to in your question but I do know that it is possible to develop an allergy to something that your body is often exposed to. That is the basis of what causes an allergic reaction. After the body is excessively exposed to an allergen the immune system kickes in to fight it off and produces histamines that manifest in symptoms such as rash, blisters, itchy watery eyes, excessive mucus production etc. Also, people often look to one specific thing as the cause of an allergy when in fact allergy simptoms can sometimes occur only when the body us exposed to the correct combination of things. You very well could have a mild alcohol allergy that when alcohol is consumed by itself is fine. Aswell, u may have a mild allergy to a tanning or cleaning product the salon uses. When u combined those two thing together u developed symptoms. Also, you could recreate the exact situation and not have any problems. Ur immune system could b currently fighting off a small bug or your diet could b lacking in something causing ur immune system to be weakened. Unless the allergic reaction can be easily reproduced then u shouldnt worry. If it happens to you again then consult your doctor.
The children of alcoholics develop trust issues. The person they are dependent upon in life growing up (the parent) is not trust worthy, so they dont learn to trust others easily. Some even grow to find family members dangerous (emotionally.) Another reason would be if one of the children enabled the parent to continue drinking, this would present problems for the child that did not enable their parent to continue drinking. Adult chidden of alcohol is have some resources available to them, like support groups. They have to learn that all families are not based on an alcoholic dynamic that they grew up with. They also have to learn to forgive the other sibling and the parent. It is basically an exercise in building trust with participants that learned not to trust when they were children.
With only two drinks, it is fine to take a 1mg Xanax. Much if not all of the alcohol is out of your system anyway. But be prepared for the possibility of an increased sedation, if you still feel a bit intoxicated by the alcohol.
that isnt a question, its a statement, and I agree, drinking is dangerous, but only when overdone. my father is perfectly reasonable with his drinking and has not had an accident in over 15 years.
yeast breathe! Actually an excellent diet supplement if you are on a heavy dose of antibiotics as it helps to replace the intestinal flora killed by the antibiotic, also for some reason reduces incidence of mouth ulcers (but it is an acquired taste!)
Vodka Cranberry with a wedge of lime. Bacardi Razz with Sprite - I actually had a friend who would drink Razz with water X-Rated with a splash of Sprite
none
You are looking at a group who would likely have a much higher incidence of drug an alcohol use than society in general. Its a biased sample.
Dangerous and destructive. Most college students are still children emotionally and are not mature enough to handle alcohol. Death. Alcohol is a poison and too much, too fast will kill you. Drinking till you are totally smashed or unconscious and then staying sober for days or weeks. Dry--schools who allow drinking on campus facilitate the death or development of alcoholism amongst its students. If not them--who?
Alcohol is a depressant, more properly called a CNS depressant. But heres the confusing part. An anti-depressant is not referring to the same kind of depression. CNS is central nervous system. Depressing your central nervous system reduces your heart rate, respiratory rate, and consciousness. Clinical depression, which anti-depressants fight, is a pervasive low mood, which can involve anxiety. People who are clinically depressed sometimes use alcohol to reduce their level of anxiety.
Congratulations on kicking that old habit! Its always tough, especially since the problem is in the family. Its gonna be hard, but you gotta go at it HARD! Learn to face and deal with their ignorance, in one ear and out the other. Delete them from Facebook, ignore/delete their calls and messages to the point where you dont even hear or read them, and most importantly, surround yourself with people that support you through this. You will be fine. You had the courage and strength to battle your addiction, so you definitely have it in you to battle all the negativity. Soon, their comments wont even cross your mind, in one ear and out the other. Best of luck man!
The cloud chamber, also known as the Wilson chamber contains super saturated water vapour or alcohol. I think that acetone wont really work.
Eggnog is not an alcoholic drink unless alcohol is added to it. Eggnog is made with milk and/or cream and sugar, and whipped eggs. Its often considered a seasonal drink served around the thanksgiving and Christmas holidays. Its a thicker, creamy consistency, served in a small glass or cup, and sprinkled with a pinch of nutmeg. Rum might be the more popular alcohol to add, but brandy and bourbon are also commonly added.
im a gun owner. i also can drink alcohol. at 18 years you should legally be able to get and use either. both have their specific purpose. shooting is a great sport, and alcohol is fine if used in moderation. both are dangerous to your life and others if in the wrong hands. however, more people get drunk behind the wheel of a car, (deadly projectile), than purposely misuse a gun. ( pardon my spelling)
Report her that is criminal she is endangering the welfare of that baby .
Hello Mike, It sounds like you are reasoning out your own question. If you would like more information for yourself, there are many services out there and one of the best is AA. Google it. There is probably an independent AA or Al Anon chapter on campus or if you want to be stealthy, your area. You can go and say that you are just there to listen. You dont have to talk or go back if you dont like it, but if you find it helpful thats exactly what it is there for. People with alcohol issues talking to other people with alcohol issues. I would also suggest if you are questioning whether or not you have a drinking problem, maybe utilize that costly tuition you give your college each term and go see a counselor on campus. Talking it out with someone who is experienced in both stress and anxiety issues as well as substance use issues may be helpful for you. Please know that ultimately you are the one that will decide if you have a problem or not. Good luck.
Tradition. By the time anyone thought about making liquor illegal, drinking was an integral part of the culture of many countries. An appreciation of fine wine or aged whiskey is the mark of a sophisticate. In the west, in the US and UK especially, drugs are seen as coming from outside the culture. Opiates are associated with Fu Manchu. Marijuana comes from Mexico.
There is no number of beers. If alcohol controls your life, and you crave it when you dont have it, you have a problem.
As long as one is not licking the labels or trying to distill them, that should be okay.
It sounds like you might be a little codependent. Please understand that I am not trying to condemn your feelings or insult you. Most people who stay in relationships with alcoholics, especially ones that admit to being an enabler are codependent. He may want to go to meetings alone because he is new to the meetings and it is a little embarrassing to have someone there to "hold you hand." After a year or two he should feel more comfortable if you go on his anniversary dates when he is picking up key tags or chips. The entire dynamic in a relationship changes when one person gets sober. The other person is no longer needed to the extent they are used to being needed. It changes everything. The best thing to do would be to check out Alanon, they have steps there that are for people who are codependent. You will have a sponsor etc. He should show you the same privacy and respect you show him with meetings and hopefully he would not be upset with you if you didnt want him to attend one of your meetings. Also, it will give you a better perspective on why meeting attendance is important and why you do really prefer to go alone.
none
No, cetyl alcohol is not bad for your hair. This is a fatty type of alcohol that helps to smooth the cuticles of the hair shaft. It conditions hair and makes it manageable.
overripe grapes were pressed and the juice was allowed to ferment.
Cocktails are perfect, insist on getting her drinks for her and halve the alcohol measures and bulk it up with lots of juice, try abit of vodka with orange and cranberry, or southern comfort and lime woth cranberry and touch of orange works really well too, quite sweet and fruity and so simple Or southern comfort lime and lemon, just give her a tall glass, make sure you give her ice too as it will slightly lower the alcohol content while making the drink taste loads better. Another is peach snapps orange and grenadine, the simple mans sex on the beach. Keeps things simple and you can&#x27<SEMCOL>t really go wrong, make up a couple of big pitchers, put in some apple chunks and orange and lime slices, it will more appealing to her and fruit will aslo absorb alcohol. The. Just leave her to pour her own drink :) have a good birthday party!
I dont like either. They are both considered drugs which can affect your brain. You should consider living on a natural high!:)
Have a party.
Here in the UK we have just had the first female death recorded as poisoning by excessive consumption of marijuana...she was only 31 years old...still think its safe..? http://metro.co.uk/2014/01/30/the-tragic   
yes
because you dont care
Its an age thing. Right now Im having Powers Irish Whiskey on the rocks, and cant get enough of the taste. If it was 10 years ago, I wouldnt even dream of drinking the stuff.
Alcohol in any drink is the same substance-- ethyl alcohol, CH3CH2OH. But every alcoholic drink contains many other substances in addition to alcohol. That one brand of vodka obviously does contain something youre allergic to (but you arent allergic to alcohol itself if you can drink other liquors with no reaction). So dont drink that kind of vodka again.
none
by them drinking to much, alcohol and getting in bad moods! to much can make someone go insane.
Well since I never did drugs or really got drunk, I wouldnt know the difference, but the happiest moment in my life was in my childhood, when my mom wasnt mentally sick, when my parents could still sit down together in a table without my mom starting some kind of fight over something that never happened.The people who have helped me through rough times have been my brothers, sister, dad, and a very special friend that has always been there for me. Whenever I feel bad I think about my family and that I can get through anything if Ive already been through what not most people go through within the time Ive gone through it. Besides, there will always be people out there in the world that could have it worse than me, so I dont complain, just keep fighting to go forward in life.
Using alcohol and heroine is a death sentence.. I lost two close friends back in the 80s like that.. Stay off the junk... its not worth it
Community service is what is offered the first time offender.
Information is below.
Try this: 72 oz times 0.051= 3.67 oz Alcohol 16.9 oz times 0.4 = 6.67 oz Alcohol 12 oz times 0 = 0 oz alcohol. Adding them, you have 100.9 oz beverage of which10.432 oz is alcohol. Dividing 10.432 by 100.9 equals 0.10347 or 10.35% booze.
none
Spam/clam/yam/jam
none
Thats what you get.
The item in the Telegraph was quoting Suzanne Costello, chief executive of Alcohol Action Ireland, who apparently said:    Many people are not aware that alcohol is classified as a group one carcinogen." In fact, this information came from the International Agency for Research on Cancer (Centre International de Recherche sur le Cancer) and the claim is that there is some evidence that alcohol is a carcinogen. The list of group 1 carcinogens is a long one and includes many compounds in common use including oral contraceptives, some dyestuffs, sunlight and wood dust. Frankly Id not worry about it since, used moderately, alcohol has many health benefits.
none
No alcohol! Its a compound. Just to be sure, you should call them or the manufacturer.
You obviously have not learned your lesson yet. Drink, go ahead. Your life is in shambles now anyway. Might as well just destroy it with alcohol. What is the appeal?? Alcohol makes you stupid and gives you legal problems. Go back to school and get a life instead. You waste so much energy trying to destroy your life. Why not try to make a future for yourself instead of shooting yourself in the foot every time?? Alcoholism leads to religious belief and fear of things that go bump in the night. Do yourself a favor and do something positive for a change. The only people who will support you here are other alcoholics and drug addicts, but that is likely what you are looking for. Just go ahead and shoot yourself in the head<SEMCOL> it is a much faster way to commit suicide than alcohol.
none
Because will it really result in good consequences to bring more kinds of harmful substances on the market? This is the age of science, there are studies on what effects smoking marijuana has on your brain. Here I have provided you one of them: http://www.northwestern.edu/newscenter/s    Is this really a substance we want to sell to people? Is this something you personally would feel comfortable selling to people? Edit: I of course do not approve of jailing people for using drugs. As you say that is far more harm than it prevents. But I dont agree with them being legal either because as a consequentialist, someone who more or less thinks the morality of actions is determined by their consequences, I cannot in good conscience sanction more kinds of stuff onto the markets that will wreck people up while making them addicted to it. I also dont think our laws should be governed by whether something is hypocritical or not. Laws should be impartial and everyone should be equal before the law but I dont think one harmful substance being legal is a reason for legalizing another. I think individual liberty is important. Indeed maybe the most important thing. But giving people a quick, easy and legal mass access to marijuana would put many of them in a situation from which they cant pull themselves out of. I have some experience with addiction and I know that there are situations in which a person just cannot handle himself if hes allowed to keep taking the stuff. Unlimited liberty to take addictive substances will decrease liberty in practice for those addicted because then the choice is no longer really free. Edit 2: I think there are circumstances where the human mind is pretty much powerless without outside intervention. Imagine we went full on your path and legalized every drug because, as you say, taking a drug does not by itself interfere with anyone elses freedom. Do you suppose its just a free choice like any other whether to keep taking, say, heroin once youve become addicted? That is a situation where I want less rather than more people to be in. I hope you understand that if I want less people to be powerless and miserable then I just cannot in good conscience approve of the legalization of more drugs. Edit 3: I think we can agree about that as I also think the data seems to support decriminalization the best. Thanks for a sensible discussion in an ocean of insanity. Im impressed with your open-mindedness, the usual discussions about marijuana are nothing like this has been. Edit 4: Didnt we have this conversation already? The very real moral benefit of decriminalization is that it, as the data indicates, lowers drug use. Im not sure what to think of your latest added details.
If they are testing for drugs they normally wouldnt test for alcohol. Unless it is specifically ordered.
none
First glass of wine, nothing. After a couple more glasses, you start to get drunk. After a bottle or more, your head will be spinning and youll probably vomit. One more bottle and youre looking at the business end of a stomach pump. Oh, and anything after the first glass or two, youll probably get a hangover afterwards, and get told off by your parents (quite rightly, too!). And somebody may get in trouble with the law, seeing as youre too young to drink legally. The trick is knowing when to stop... <SEMCOL>-)
It doesnt do much for the health but kids imitate their parents. Not the greatest idea in the world.
that its not for you.. some people just dont like the taste of alcohol but like the feeling it makes you feel. Just dont do it, save a life and be a DD (designated driver)
Ability Decreases as the carbon atoms increases
the alcohol should of disinfected the piece that fell but any new piercing has a risk of getting infected in not taken care of properly
Thats your bodys way of telling you that it doesnt want you to down drinks.
none
none
none
Borderline personality disorder is something Ive seen kind of a lot of in other people, and I think its an environmental response to a very stressful environment. (In other words, youre only ill because your environment is making you ill, and if you take steps to be less stressed, youll feel better.) Alcohol in large amounts isnt good for anybody. Ive seen it really mess up bipolar people, but only because they drank too much of it. Theres another bipolar guy I know who can drink hard alcohol and never got addicted or really did it much. I think your step-dads just being a jerk, and if youre under 21, youre legally not supposed to be drinking anyway (like anybody listens to that). The best bet is to never over-imbibe<SEMCOL> one drink is always enough.
none
There are many blood alcohol calculators available online, I provided a link for you to one but you can also do a search for it and pick anyone you want, they all work pretty much the same. Larger people can consume more alcohol than smaller people. The calculators tell you how long it takes for the alcohol to leave your system. It helps your body if you drink more water because alcohol will dehydrate you but the alcohol is still in your system, the only thing that works is time. It can take anywhere from 8 hours to more than 24 depending on your size and how much you drank. The calculators are a good gauge but are just an approximation because some bodies can process it faster than other so each person is different. You can also buy home test kits you can breath in or pee on. The place I worked at that tested for this had a breathalizer that was pretty accurate, if you tested positive they sent you to the hospital for a blood test. Some places wont fire you for it but they will send you home or suspend you. If they dont fire you they will keep testing you over a period of time and if you test positive again they have just cause to fire you or insist that you go into a treatment program and continue regular random testing. Some places do this test as part of the hiring process and if you test positive they wont hire you but they wont tell you thats the reason they arent hiring but it is.
I cant stand the taste of beers, or alcohol in general. Thankfully we have shots, less taste, more drunk!
Im not a drinker as Im not of age but you dont sound like a chronic drinker so I wouldnt consider you an acholic as you said that you dont drink daily nor in heavy amounts.
Too many factors. But why is a teenager drinking illegally? What is the appeal of breaking the law?
none
No, because there is no need. Other foods and drinks can provide the same health benefits even if the substance involved are different.
No
You haven&#x27<SEMCOL>t lived until you&#x27<SEMCOL>ve had marijuana brownies. So ******* awesome.
couple of mixed drinks or 2 or 3 beers a week. Im out of the"lets get drunk" Phase of life
They still sell Disaronno when they have stock, no need to change the display.0
no its not illegal
There is no such thing as a gateway drug. There are just stupid, weak people that decide to use harder drugs because THEY WANT TO. You can&#x27<SEMCOL>t blame marijuana for their idiocy, no matter how much you wanna try. Marijuana isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t bad for you. You can&#x27<SEMCOL>t control your girlfriend, you have no right. She&#x27<SEMCOL>s young an having fun and living her life. Take that away from her and you&#x27<SEMCOL>re just an asshole. She has the right to do what she wants. You don&#x27<SEMCOL>t &quot<SEMCOL> allow&quot<SEMCOL> her to do anything. If you really can&#x27<SEMCOL>t let her be herself, then just end it. Otherwise get over it
none
Australia, the minimum age is 18 to serve alcohol in a bar
I dont know about sipping alcohol for the cravings<SEMCOL> if hes an alcoholic, why would he settle for sips? As for having drinking days, surely EVERY day is a drinking day for an alcoholic? If your boyfriend is an alcoholic, everything and everyone, including you, will play second fiddle to alcohol<SEMCOL> his primary concern is where the next drink is coming from. Its to be applauded that you are willing to support him to get help, but the bottom line is that HE needs to recognise that he has a problem and WANT to be helped. If he doesnt have that desire to be free of his addiction, then no amount of support will do it for him. An old Chines proverb says: First the man takes a drink. Then the drink takes a drink. Then the drink takes the man.
Even into the 1980s, and early 90s, you could go out for lunch and have a drink. I did frequently, at least once a week. You cant do that anymore. While you may find some execs still have drinks, it is no longer acceptable in the way it was.
No, they dont, they are only aware of the pain they feel and try to obliterate that with alcohol.
Its generally linked to the reward center, isnt it? After one beer you can already feel the effect of a hightened mood, although it wears off really fast, which is why you might be tempted to continue drinking at that point. If you develope a bad drinking habbit, your brain will stop producing as much neurotransmitters (dopamine, serotonine and the likes) as it should be. Thats when the tendency towards an addiction starts. Thats what Ive heard anyway.
fastest to slowest: tertiary, secondary, primary
none
Youre an alcoholic if you rely on alcohol just to live your life. Not going to lie, i drink too but i dont rely on it to have a good time and drink because its there, just today look at all you drank, you might be an alcoholic, i think you should decrease the amount you intake.
none
Inhale before you take the shot, take the shot, then exhale. The alcohol evaporates very quickly, so after you take a shot your mouth is full of alcohol fumes. If you inhale those fumes, they irritate your throat and bronchial tubes, making you gasp.
Benzodiazepines are relatively low in toxicity. Mixing with ETOH or other sedatives ups the odds of respiratory failure, but still the LD-50 of temazepam is around 2000mg/kg in test animals. The 195mg you took might kill a drunken mouse.
I think jello shots with tequila will taste nasty. Anyway, you just look what the box says and replace half the water with alcohol. So if it says 2 cups water, use 1 cup water, 1 alcohol. If you are using alcohol with a high alcohol content, like 151 rum, it wont work. It has to be about 80 proof, or 40%.
Ingredients: 3 ounces tomato juice 1 1&#x2F<SEMCOL>2 ounces vodka 1&#x2F<SEMCOL>2 ounce lemon juice 1 dash of Worcestershire sauce Celery salt Ground pepper Hot pepper sauce to taste Horseradish to taste (optional) Celery stalk and lemon for garnish Preparation: 1.Build the liquid ingredients in a highball glass over ice cubes. 2.Stir well. 3.Add the seasonings to taste. Garnish with lemon and&#x2F<SEMCOL>or celery
I dont, and if were playing truth time, Ive partaken in marijuana. It helped with my PTSD in the days when there was no help for it
none
Specific gravity is density of the substance/ density of water, so Ethyl is 79% the density of water. One kilogram of water is one liter so 1.45 kg of ethyl is 1.45/0.79 liters = 1.8354 liters. 1 liter is about 0.946 quarts So about 1.74 quarts.
As with most things, there are varying levels of alcoholism. Most can quit, and its hard, but its ok. Some are hardcore, and if they dont drink, they will experience delirium tremens (DTs), and there is the potential for seizures. Many who are at the end of their rope stop eating, and their electrolytes can get thrown off, which may cause seizures. I buried one of my best friends two years ago. He had a seizure in the front seat of my car after being sent home from the ER too early. It sucked.
none
C
Ive been quoted a figure of close to 120,000 Americans dieing from bad booze. (1920-1932) Causes were: Methyl alcohol contamination of ethyl alcohol (drinking alcohol). Denatured alcohol that did not have benzene removed from it. Other contamination included petroleum products, turpentine, and mineral spirits.
Casey, You were so wise to take care of yourself and move out. And you obviously care about your mother very much. As the daughter of two very different types of alcoholics, I encourage the two of you to start going to Al Anon and Al Anon for Adult Children of Alcoholics. It helped me tremendously. They teach "You didnt cause it, you cant cure it, you cant control it." Also encourage your mother to get to a support group for women whove experienced domestic violence, including verbal and emotional abuse. These groups will give you people whove dealt with these issues in your area to know the best approaches with the law there. In Pennsylvania, theres a system that determines sentencing and treatment requirements for repeat DUIs. Domestic Violence Centers provide legal advocates to deal with restraining orders and other legal matters related to her needs, as well as individual counseling. In addition, Casey, I was a drug and alcohol therapist for almost 20 years. What they all had in common was not wanting to feel. There is no excuse for violent or abusive behavior. There are biological explanations for how the brain becomes addicted at the cellular level once the person discovers that the substance numbs their feelings. We raise men not to show fear or hurt (big boys dont cry). Some men are able to learn healthy ways to manage and express those feelings. Alcoholics and addicts find any of those kinds of feelings intolerable. Eventually, alcoholics drink just to feel normal. Im not at all surprised that hes been in and out of the hospital recently from drinking and using Ambien. Is there a physician who will urge him to go into treatment--who could tell him how the disease is progressing in his body? They dont seek treatment until they "hit bottom." That can be going to jail, having a heart attack or cancer or pancreatitis, losing his family/job/home, getting injured in an accident of any kind. Help your mother get help. Take care of your own family. Feel free to contact me if you have further questions.
none
the store has its own policies. however you didnt state if the passport is yours or a family passport, or if it is expired. a family passport is not an individual ID, you need to apply for a passport in your own right.
Habanero chili, coriander leaf, fresh wasabi (or regular horseradish) root come to mind quickly...I have a friend who does this sort of thing as a hobby and I gave him 3 Habanero chili plants last spring, but he hasnt mentioned it as an infusion...not yet! I would suggest caramel candy or konbu [kelp] candy as ones I would like to try... http://www.candyjapan.com/konbu-ame http://www.poetryinternationalweb.net/pi    http://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Ho    Kampai! Genbei! Cheers!
It only looks healthy to the people who do weed and alcohol. Well weed is not at all healthy in any way but consuming alcohol at limited amount is bit healthy(scientifically proved but at limited amount)
he is what he is accept him as is or divorce go to your counties family law center and file default if you have no kids. Apparently you do not like him drinking pouring it out is a waste of money and asking for a fight. Why waste your time with someone who you cant change and you dont like it as is? There are divorced men of all ages you can find another
Whats ON the can isnt usually whats IN the can.
It might make you more sleepy but most likely you will be fine.
none
By allowing disfellowshipped ones to attend their meetings and be in their midst they disregard the words of 1 Corinthians 
My friends sister went to this one. She says its real good. http://www.rehabilitation-center.org/dru   
none
Only 9 years old and in college is impressive, but thatll all go down hill if you continue to need to drink that amount of alcohol every morning. And chances are, youre consuming alcohol at other times of day as well. Just the fact that you feel you need to drink 3 shots of vodka every morning indicates youre already in trouble. If not already an alcoholic, you will be. Then what happens to your college education? Id say it goes down the drain. As for the health risks.. I think you know... Kidney failure, heart problems... certainly a good chance of an early end as your need will surely increase if you dont stop this behavior now. I would have reported this question because 9 years old is under the minimum age of 13 to use this site. That would have deleted your account entirely. But Im assuming that was a typo... a good reason to check BEFORE clicking to submit a question or answer.
Because they are large, heavy molecules.
When alcohol is exposed to air for any length of time it oxides to its corresponding acid . The alcohol in wine, beers, spirits is ethanol ( archaic name ethyl alcohol) which in everyday terms is just alcohol. Ethanol has the formula CH3CH2OH Air contains oxygen and for the purposes of oxidation of alcohol it is shown as [O] . Hence the reaction is CH3CH2OH + 2[O] = CH3COOH + H2O CH3COOH is ethanoic acid ( archaically acetic acid) which in everyday terms is vinegar. Hence the vinegary smell and taste. This process is a two stage process . The first stage is the ethanol is oxidised to ethanal (CH3CHO) CH3CH2OH + [O] = CH3CHO + H2O The second stage is the ethanal is oxidised to ethanoic acid CH3CHO + [O] = CH3COOH Note the spellings between ETHANOL, ETHAL & ETHANOIC ACID. This is critical in modern organic chemistry in order to make sure you have the correct substance. They are classified into functional groups as follows:- The suffix -ol indicates an ALCOHOL The suffix -al indicates an ALDEHYDE The suffix -oic acid indicates a CARBOXYLIC ACID ( Archaically - Fatty Acid). The gas causing the bubbles during fermentation is carbon dioxide. (CO2) This does not answer all your question, but I hope it helps your understanding.
It would be advisable to go without food or liquid in any form after abot 7 pm the evening before the operation - the surgeons will not be inpressed if you throw up all over the operating table, which would be a possibility.
none
none
Does it? I dont think so. Maybe if you set alcohol as a reward, then maybe people will work for it. But its certainly not a stimulant or anything.
Before you think about putting them to sleep try to figure out whats causing illness. This fish forum is excellent and people will reply right away to help save your fish and figure out how to help, its under fish emergency section so they know to reply right away. Good luck I hope you can save your fish! http://www.fishforums.net/index.php?/for   
Fred it should be fine if you only "rubbed" a small amount on it and Moto G are good phones so dont worry about it. Just make sure none went into the back of the phone
none
Thats a fairly common reaction. Alcohol makes it harder for you to think clearly, and it makes you feel slightly fogged, and it makes you feel a little off balance physically. All of these can make you feel less comfortable. The answer is to drink more or to drink less. If you drink more, youll stop caring that you dont feel off, and if you drink less, you wont feel off.
Ask your doctor. They can better analyze your recovery from the concussion and know about your medical history far better than we do.
be selective in the things you watch on TV. Ive watched some shows that I didnt think were appropriate, were ultra violent and I turned the TV off or turned the station. TV is getting worse and worse. Parties are not bad but dont partake in drugs and alcohol. Stay sober. Alcohol is not a good thing.
yeah....your parents will totally let you do something in their house that will get them arrested and facing jail time. 16 doesnt equal 21. aka its illegal. Smart idea there
More than likely.
Try these two Alcohol review forums. http://forum.alcoholreport.com/ http://www.ratespirits.com/ You will have to register and join group to take part in the forums.
none
none
There are approximately 88,000 deaths attributable to excessive alcohol use each year in the United States.
none
none
its hard to give advice about a specific thing if youre not specific yourself. but its all in your will power. i dont know what kind of addiction it is, but most of the power comes from sheer will. you just have to tell yourself not to do it. every time you get the urge, IMMEDIATELY go do something else. even if its getting on the ground and doing 20 push ups or watching a short video on youtube. once the thoughts come into your head, dont let them stay there, get rid of them by substituting it with something else.
Relax, you will be fine. Unfortunately lots of people do lots worse things and wake up just fine in the morning. I am NOT recommending that you do that again, but in the spectrum of what humans do to their bodies, just dont drive or operate heavy equipment for 24 hours and it should all be out of your system.
Make good friends and never feel alone. Dont use alcohol as an alternative, whenever you are too or even you are too sad. Always think for the best. Ear good foods and fruits instead of taking alcohol.
hydroformylation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol#Pr   
yes
I dont drink so I understand how you feel, I usually get classed as boring.. But the way I see it you dont have to drink to have a good time.. So when my friends are nagging at me cos Im not drinking I just say " its my life, my choice deal with it" And if they was your friends theyd just accept the fact you dont drink and theyd move on from it
No, many countries went through periods of Prohibition. Try using Google, and read the Wikipedia entry.1
As a suggestion, I would get grain alcohol instead of vodka. 90 to 95% alcohol basically you can dilute it with mixer by a 3rd and still have 60 proof. The thing is it is cheap and you dont have to take so many bottles so less storage space. Once it is bottled alcohol doesnt age. Hard liquor is not wine so doesnt turn to vinegar. It should last indefinitely. If you keep plastic out of sunlight it can last about 26,000 years (i am not exaggerating) and I doubt if it will hurt the flavor at all as it is not that reactive. Also it is not that porous and alcohol content should remain unchanged. As for Southern Comfort, yuk! I cant stand the taste new so I dont know what long term taste effects will be.
..I assume around a week, not more..
none
It can be dangerous so its better to limit the amount of the two when taken together. [Less than what you have by half.] But them having more of one of them is fine.
Strange, once I got back into great shape I could drink more without being too drunk. Check with a doctor to see if there is an underlying problem and if not keep drinking on a regular basis, youll snap outta it.
you can test for Alcohol in Urine, but they have to be testing for it, thats not what they are testing for at a pap so I would not worry about it. also just noted you said "a couple of days ago" you would only test positive if it was still in your system, so say you r last drink was 48 hours ago, you would have had to drink more then 48 units for it to still be there. 48 shots at 25ml per a shot of vodka for example. as in I dont think you could still have any at this point.
none
Meaning the baby needs alcohol, has withdrawal? Just curious as I have heard of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome which I know is not alcoholism but is caused by alcohol in the womb.0
Just drop a shot of rum or whiskey in a beer and pound it down.
Im so sorry. My heart goes out to you. I know what youre going through. Even if she wants to quit drinking, she will need professional help with alcohol withdrawal. God bless you and your mom.0
Wow, for a 15 year old you seem to have a pretty good handle on things. You are absolutely right, your mom is most definitely an alcoholic. You can add some qualifiers like "functioning" to it, but the only place she functions is when she is at work. It seems like she has given herself permission to check out on her family every night, and I am sure you deserve better. I fully understand what you are going through because I have had similar experiences in my family. So I can tell you without any reservation that you deserve help from places like alateen as much as anybody. So dont go feeling that asking for help is stupid because you deserve to be happy and safe in your home, not worrying if your mom is hurting herself, or cutting her life short by abusing alcohol. I know that having someone stumbling around the house and slurring words, being sad, and starting arguments over nothing isnt any fun at all. You say shes sad all of the time she drinks, well I bet you are pretty sad too when she drinks. So by all means, reach out for help. Go to alateen, talk to other family members, a teacher, or a councillor. Just dont try to carry this burden all by yourself. Its too big, and too hard to have to do it all alone. Its too bad that the one person n this world who should be there for you is at the root of your troubles. So reach out to someone else, and I hope you found my answer helpful and comforting.
You sound like you are a situational drinker. These differ from alcoholics because they use alcohol as a coping mechanism. It is actually defined in the DSM V as "alcohol abuse", this is different from being "alcohol dependent." But, it could easily turn into a problem. You are drinking to fix your emotions, which is something that alcoholics do. The main difference is that alcoholics will steadily become more and more intoxicated. They really cannot stop when they start drinking. If you dont pass out and when you wake up you still have a good amount of alcohol left, I would highly doubt you are an alcoholic. I would recommend you get help for your emotional problems, because it is possible to become alcohol dependent even if you are not an alcoholic. To be physically dependent on alcohol is HORRIBLE. You wake up with the shakes, throwing up stomach acid, you have to drink so you dont feel like you are having a heart attack/panic attack. And that starts the cycle. Even if you are ok after about 3 drinks, an alcoholic cannot stop, so they end up drinking all day. Then the next day the same thing starts. If they dont die, they have to go to a detox center to come off of alcohol without having a stroke, heart attack, seizure, or even dying. If ou ever cannot stop drinking one night or you start to drink even though you know if will have consequences for you (for example getting drunk even though you know you have to go to school/work or you drink and drive or you are taking a medication that says not to drink while taking it, but you do) then yes you are probably an alcoholic. In that case, feel free to email me and I will glad to give you advice on what to do at that point. Im putting up a list with symptoms of alcoholism, if two or more of these are applicable to you, then you have a problem and you need to find out how bad it is and stop drinking. Again though, I dont think you are (if you are being honest in your posting and not leaving out large amounts of information) and you need to seek a therapist or support group for the "things you are trying to forget." Here is the list: Be unable to limit the amount of alcohol you drink Feel a strong need or compulsion to drink Develop tolerance to alcohol so that you need more to feel its effects Drink alone or hide your drinking Experience physical withdrawal symptoms     such as nausea, sweating and shaking     when you dont drink Not remember conversations or commitments, sometimes referred to as a "black out" Make a ritual of having drinks at certain times and become annoyed when this ritual is disturbed or questioned Be irritable when your usual drinking time nears, especially if alcohol isnt available Keep alcohol in unlikely places at home, at work or in your car Gulp drinks, order doubles or become drunk intentionally to feel good, or drink to feel "normal" Have legal problems or problems with relationships, employment or finances due to drinking Lose interest in activities and hobbies that used to bring you pleasure
Rubbing alcohol is not recommended because of the types of denaturants which may be added. They probably would not affect your health but may affect the scent. You would have to try your specific blend to know for sure. Denaturants are chemicals which are added specifically to make the alcohol poisonous or bad tasting so it is undrinkable. The best things to use are drinkable ethanol (i.e. vodka if you can find a brand which does not smell boozy) or SDA 40B which is ethanol with specific denaturants added. The advantage of using SDA 40B is that it will be much less expensive than vodka because it is already undrinkable. It is commonly used for perfumes. The links below describe the different types of alcohol and the denaturants used in each as well as a couple sources. Some of the links give instructions for making your own perfume. http://www.wikihow.com/Make-Perfume-(Pur    http://www.saveonscents.com/product_info    http://chemistry.about.com/od/chemistryh    http://chemistry.about.com/b/2008/12/04/    http://www.grainprocessing.com/alcohol/s    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denatured_a    http://www.creatingperfume.com/16ouncepe   
none
Pot. That way I know my body is safe and theres 0 chance of something happening like alcohol poisoning. Plus I dont like the feeling of drinking. Makes me a complete idiot and sick.
Dear friend! Knowing that Ive known you thus far, youve been posting questions about not being happy with your bf a lot lately, may I ask what do you see in him if hes that much of a disappointment to you? And what do you do for a living now to support yourself & him?
Find an alternative, I went the whole of January without alcohol and there was one Friday night in particular where I was really in the mood for a couple of beers to relax with. I ended up getting a few bottles of coke (the posh glass ones) and I actually found it really nice - at least as nice as drinking beer or wine in front of the TV. I think a lot of the time its just nice to have something in your hand in the evening or at parties or whatever, so just swapping out the alcohol for something else is one way of satisfying that desire. You may have heard people who are quitting smoking saying that they need something to keep their hands busy, I guess its the same idea. If you do try that DO NOT replace alcohol with caffeine<SEMCOL> I did that once last month (spent the night drinking energy drinks instead of beer) and I did not feel good. I actually had to go online and check I hadnt overdosed because my heart was beating so fast.
Um, Lee, you are an alcoholic in active addiction. Needing a drink to "get through the day" and having a high tolerance are two of the most recognized symptoms of alcoholism. And trust me, you can be an alcoholic even at 17. I would highly suggest you enter into a detox or speak to your family physician about withdrawing from alcohol, at the rate you drink you may have some pretty severe withdrawal affects. These include vomiting, panic attacks, and can lead right up to heart attacks, seizures, and even death. You need to be detoxed and if you can enter a rehab. If you cannot go to a rehab you need to start going to meetings (AA or ), find a sponsor, work the steps, and stay sober. If you dont do it now, it will only get worse. You will eventually build a higher tolerance, can get alcohol poisoning, you will undoubtedly get into legal trouble, and eventually die, go to jail, or be forced into a rehab.
none
none
Just dont drink, then. Why force yourself to develop an expensive taste? If you really want to play thru the pain, have a glass of water for every drink you have.
im not gonna preach to you dont break the law, dont drink, cuz thatd be hypocrisy on my part. One cocktail will probably get you tipsy but not completely ******* up. And for the hangovers, wont be one. And the school or police cant legally do anything unless youre in possesion of it or consuming it with out being in the prescence of your parent.
none
none
Does it mean some just choose to keep drinking? Is alcoholism a disease where people become addicted without realizing it? Do some like it so much they need more for the taste? Is the addiction a bad habit or an actual mental illness?0
Nobody bothered to "keep"- that Record. I guess the "Winners"- never Lived long enough. :(
none
none
none
Let x be the amount in question. Then 0.20x + 0.25(6) = 0.21(x+6). 20x + 25(6) = 21(x+6) 20x + 150 = 21x + 126 150 = x + 126 x = 24 ounces.
First of all, the most dangerous drugs to come off of are alcohol and benzodiazepines. Heroin and Morphine addiction is very severe but they are less wide spread than alcohol and benzodiazepine addiction. You cannot die withdrawing from heroin or morphine. You may feel like you want to die, but death as a direct cause of withdrawal from these two drugs is not possible. You may vomit and choke on your vomit, but this would be asphyxiation. You can literally die from quitting alcohol or benzodiazepines as a direct cause from the withdrawal process. Secondly, no private clinic in the world would ever put someone in a medically induced coma, especially, for that long to over come addiction. There are many reasons for this. The first is that it simply would not work. This is because no matter how long an addict/alcoholic is clean/sober there is a phenomena of craving. This has been proving in PET scans that chart the brain function when an addict/alcoholic has a craving. You can have 20 years clean/sober and still relapse because you have such an intense craving for the drug. No one understands why these craving occur, especially after such a long time without the drug. The second reason they would not do this is because there are proven methods that can detox and rehabilitate someone without literally putting their life on hold for a year. These methods involve cognitive behavioral therapy and talk therapy and sometimes medications, none of these methods would work if a person was in a coma. The third reason this would not happen is that even at private clinics, doctors still have a set of medical conditions they have to live up to or they can be sued for malpractice, have their license taken away, and even be jailed for negligent homicide. The fourth reason this would never happen is because it only take 2-14 days to get most people detoxed form a drug. This alleviates their physical dependence on the drug. After this it is a psychological dependence which must be treated with meetings, therapy, and medication. And lastly, the problem with you list is that only 2.1 million people in the US admit to "sometimes" using heroin. Many studies say nicotine is more addictive than heroin. Many people will die of their addiction to nicotine. Alcohol is the number one killer among all drugs. Yes, coming off of heroin is ugly, but if you ever want to see something very ugly, watch a long time alcoholic come off alcohol. Delirium tremens, loss of all bowel control, panic attacks, auditory and visual hallucinations, paranoia, shakes, confusion, panic attacks, seizures, heart attacks, death and "wet brain".
none
none
none
That will work fine in most cases. If you look at the swab after wiping you will notice that the swap picks up the color of the plastic if is actually breaking down the plastic or other material.
none
none
none
none
Depends upon your tastes. If you like fruity, order a sex on the beach, or cape cod, madress all are fruity. If you like a particular type of alcohol (vodka, rum, gin ect.would help us give you better info) A good whiskey would be crown and ginger ale, or for rum, sailor jerry, or captain morgans spiced rum and sprite/or coke. If you like sweet...order a Drambuie chilled and up. Its a scotch mixed with heather honey and herbs. A great sipping cordial. You might like white russian, (vodka, Kahlua (coffee liqour) and half and half. If you like milkshakes, try a mudslide. Baileys Irish Cream, Kahlua, Vodka, and half and half. You can also ask the bartender, if they know their business they will ask what you like taste wise, and will recommend something that fits the bill. Good luck.
A very open-ended, ill-informed and generalised question. Did you mean per year? Per week? Throughout the course of their life? Either way, there is no set cost for alcohol addiction. Each persons addiction is different. It will depend on the individuals intolerance, which will be determined by ttheir age, their height and weight, and also their gender. Women physically are not designed to consume as much alcohol as men. Of course, your choice of alcohol would also influence how much an addict spends on their addiction.
Costs of Addiction - Financial Consequences of Substance Abuse0
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
Unlike what the other person said, he is NOT a recovered alcoholic. Once an alcoholic, always an alcoholic. I should know, Im an alcoholic. Once I start drinking I cant stop and I will continue to drink until I either run out or pass out. Most days, when I was drinking, you couldnt even tell I had been drinking. I was that good at hiding the signs and symptoms. The fact that I have not had a drink in the last 11 years and 4 months does not mean I do not think about it almost every day and it does not mean that if I had so much as one drink today that I wouldnt start drinking all over again. Its a constant struggle to remain sober and its one that I proudly wage every day. The fact this person is not currently drinking means he is currently in recovery and should be supported and encouraged to continue in recovery but it in no way means he isnt an alcoholic.
none
none
I grew up seeing adults do all kinds of things I wasnt allowed to do. Smoking Drinking Driving Working Going out late at night etc, etc, etc. There was a clear division between kids and adults. Id say if parents can drink responsibly, there is no harm done. If parents cannot maintain composure, then this is quite damaging - both maintaining respectful relationship and setting up examples.
none
none
none
1. Dont do anything stupid to get caught. 2. Dont consent to a search. 3. A fine less than $100 dollars, an alcohol awareness program, or community service. Legal Source: http://ypdcrime.com/abc/article5.htm#a65    NY Code - Section 65-C "... If a determination is made sustaining such charge the court may impose a fine not exceeding fifty dollars and/or completion of an alcohol awareness program established pursuant to section 19.25 of the mental hygiene law and/or an appropriate amount of community service not to exceed thirty hours."
What are you talking about?!
I lost my stepdad and several friends before they reached 40 - to alcohol... I lost several people to tobacco-induced cancers. Im not sure how much damage heroin and cocaine would do if they were legal and affordable Chrystal meth seems to be absent in the netherlands, as are "lean" and "crocodile" - i guess this has to do with every resident over 18 having access to cannabis in "coffeeshops". I dont hear anyone advocating we make cannabis illegal again
none
Ripple.1
CB nailed it on the head. Get a few 40 ounce beers in brown paper bags, and maybe a bottle each of Courvoisier and Hennesy cognac. Dont forget to spill some for your homies.
none
none
Im positive you did the right thing. That woman is an alcoholic. One of the best definitions of addiction, is continuing to use (the substance) in the face of consequences. If she lost the bumper of her car and that didnt "wake" her up a little bit then Im afraid it will only get worse. Listen to me very, very closely. You do not, under any circumstances, want a relationship with an active alcoholic. It will only get worse, you will begin to enable them and become somewhat co-depependent on their drinking (this sounds far fetched maybe, but it is what happens in the vast majority of relationships with addicts/alcoholics), and at the end of the day the person may die. That is not something you want to invite into your life or your childrens lives. If you want to and think it will help, tell the woman you think she has a problem with alcohol and if she ever gets sober you would be interested in seeing where this relationship went. But if she ever does get sober, know that in AA and  is recommend that you not start a new relationship for the first year of recovery. The reason she got offended when you told her you thought she spent too much time in bars is because you hurt her ego. Alcoholics pride themselves on thinking they "fit in" and they live in denial of their drinking problems. When someone calls their drinking problem into question, they will become very offended. You did the right thing.
none
none
Nope, this is a myth...there are many shows that show drinking. If you look at the FCC rules, youll see the only thing it says is you cannot show consumption in an alcohol advertisement.1
Ask any doctor or scientist and they will tell you nothing but an autoclave can sterilize anything.Go to a professional piercer (if they use guns they arent professional) and have them pierce your ears properly.Its cheaper to get it done professionally than to do it yourself and end up haing a trip to the emergency room.0
Ethanol dissolves more less polar substances than water does. It is often used to extract various chemicals in dry plants. I would assume that the antimicrobial chemicals they are looking at dissolve better in alcohol because they are less polar.
I make sure I eat before and during. Know your limits. When you start to feel queasy, slow down and get some air outside. I stick to alcohol that is going to get me drunk but not sick. Like wine and beer. Limit the amount of hard liquor you intake.0
Alcohol is good at numbing pain, yes- for this reason, I would insist you DONT drink. This is sort of how addictions are formed. Once you rely upon alcohol as medication, you will drink more and more. Ive seen this happen within my own family<SEMCOL> I would suggest you smoke pot over drinking, pot wont kill you.0
Bread has been baked, so the yeast is completely dead. Some drinks, like homebrew ginger ale, you can use regular bread yeast of your grocery store shelf, but other things like wine, beer, or distilled spirits, youll want to use purpose-made yeast. The reason is that different strains of yeast produce different types of flavor compounds. Some yeasts produce a distinct citrus flavor (like those used in hefeweisen beers), while others produce more malty, bready flavors. Homebrew websites sell and ship all kinds of yeast both for beer and for wine, and theyll usually have a description of the flavors that yeast will produce. Try different kinds with different recipes, and have fun with it. Please be mindful of your areas laws, though. Some states outlaw homebrewing any kind of "intoxicating beverage." As for kvass, even that requires a yeast starter.1
AA is a cult. I wouldnt want to join any group that wants to make me feel powerless. Like a total incurable victim. I can manage myself better than that. Yes, being an alcoholic is considered a shameful thing. Hence the need for anonymity. Some talk about it, others do not.
You shouldnt drink tonight. If you had a migraine or any sort of headache, in the first place, drinking will make it worse. In the second, the excedrin mixed with alcohol will kill your liver and will make the effects of the alcohol even stronger, so even one drink might make it unsafe to drive, or even do much at all. Get virgin drinks if you feel like youre going to be left out not drinking, just trust me, its best not to drink any alcohol tonight and just have fun being with your friends instead. Good luck!0
none
you can easily enjoy a non alcoholic beverage with your friends too. Because you are hanging with friends doesnt mean you HAVE to drink what they are drinking. When you go out to eat, do you all eat exactly the same thing? Of course not. Each of you and your friends eat what pleases them. If alcohol no longer pleases you, why bother? Fact is your aversion will wear off sooner or later. My daughter got the stomach flu after eating a bunch of popcorn and, you guessed it, popcorn is what she threw up. It was a few years before she could even think about popcorn without gagging. BUT she did get passed that. Drink soft drinks now and someday, the thought of a nice cold beer with once again sound AND taste good.0
What you have is called an aversion ~ its a psychological term to describe what happens when we overindulge in something, anything. Too much cigarettes and got sick? The next time you light up, your body remembers what happened after that particular taste, action, smell and it reacts accordingly.....by making you feel sick. Too much of a particular food? Same thing. Too much alcohol? The minute it passes your lips and you smell/taste/feel it, your body will instantaneously feel sick. This can happen with bad food, too......bad seafood, bad meat, etc. Its your bodys way of keeping you safe and healthy. Your body "remembers" what happened the last time you drank and its preventing it from happening again by making you sick. I cant drink gin, even after 20 years, because I got super-drunk on it my first time drinking. I cant even smell it without feeling queasy. After 20 YEARS! I would try to relax when you go out. DONT DO SHOTS. Have a pint of beer or a mixed drink and have something salty to eat with it ~ pretzels, French fries, a burger. Relax and just enjoy the company youre with and stop focusing on "drinking alcohol". Keep a Coke or water near you, too. Just having a beer or gin and tonic can be relaxing and enjoyable.....you have to re-train your brain into knowing that and understanding that drinking is more pleasurable when its subtle and slow, not hard-core. Alcohol can be beneficial health-wise - a drink a day is actually good for you. But shots arent. Stick to beer, learn about the different kinds or quality alcohol, like tequila or high-end whiskey or even wine. There are nuances and different elements to it that can make it very enjoyable to drink. These higher end spirits are meant to be savored and sipped slowly, not done as a shot. And dont feel bad ~ some people can NEVER drink straight alcohol or do shots. Ive never been able to. And also, the ladies will admire your control and maturity. <SEMCOL>) Hope this helps!
No, you are an idiot.0
Its just a small amount of dead TB, so it might make you not feel too great anyways. If you feel good enough to drink, go for it, but that might also weaken your immune system and cause the TB symptoms to get worse.0
Wait until you ARE of age before asking such a question. Underage drinking, especially at parties with other immature children, is often a recipe for disaster. If youve waited 17 years / 51 weeks Im sure you can wait another 7 days.1
okay its a bit calory heavy but its seriously the most delciious **** ive ever drunk: 2 parts apfelkorn 1 part licor 43 whipped cream some cinnamon on top if you down that, it tasted just like apple pie. its just extremely delicious! Licor 43+Ice cold milk will taste like a milk shake/ basicly licor 43 is really easy to drink and has a relatively high(32%) alcohol percentage. if you drink it pure, drink it on ice. much more tastier. beware of people calling you a sissy if you are a man though, i dont care. I can handle it.. but i know of people whining cause its stamped as a girly drink. Alternatives: Port(very sweet kind of wine), Amaretto(nutty licor)0
thirst.1
Well, youll probably give the baby Fetal Alcohol Syndrome, itll come out deformed and mentally retarded. Please dont bring a child into the world like that: stray away from alcohol at least for the next 5 months, that Poor baby.1
That was definitely NOT hormones. It was alcohol poisoning. Your body is telling you that you cannot handle alcohol. The smartest thing you could do right now is to quit drinking - forever - and you will never have to worry about such a night again.personal experience0
This is extremely dangerous and can result in death. This is because your body doesnt metabolize alcohol the same way when using Xanax. This means that you will get drunk faster, feel more drunk on less, and stay drunk longer. Not knowing this, or misunderstanding what will happen can result in alcohol poisoning or death.
Yes you are right. Being on your period can change taste buds. Things sometimes will not taste the same.0
The Catholics use wine in their rituals.3
For information as to why drugs are illegal see my answer here: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?    Prohibition Statistics     Prison Population (BBC 2006) -United States: 2,193,798 (overall population 313,900,000) -China: 1,548,498 (overall population 1,344,130,000) -Russia: 874,161 -Brazil: 371,482     Alcohol Prohibition (MSNBC) A) Arrests for drunkenness and disorderly conduct up 41% B) Homicides, Assaults, and batteries up 13% C) Number of Federal convicts up 561% D) Federal Prison Population up 366% E) Total spending on penal institutions up 1,000% Host "We have the same exact kind of enormous jumps in incarceration, crime, and prison expenditure under this current pot prohibition."     Each year the United States spends 350 billion dollars on the war on drugs.     On any given day in the United States 1 in 9 African American males between the ages of 20 and 34 is incarcerated.     Mexico declares war on drug cartels in December of 2006 (BBC) A) 2006: 270 drug related deaths B) 2009: 16,337 drug related deaths This is where the Mexican Government has stopped releasing these figures.     Judge Jim Gray (Reason TV) - Stated In 1990 we were only half as successful in prosecuting homicides as we were in 1980 due to the Reagan administration ratcheting up the drug war. This due to prosecutorial resources being devoted to drug related "offenses". - In Holland marijuana use is legal for everyone 16 and older. Coffee shops include marijuana. The minister of health recently held a press conference in which he stated that marijuana use within his country was half that of the United States both for adults and teenagers. He claimed that they had succeeded in making pot "boring".     Drug offenders in prisons and jails have increased 1,100% since 1980. Nearly 6 in 10 persons in prison for a drug offense have no history of violence or high-level drug selling activity (November Coalition)     According to the UN, drug prohibition has seen increases in the use of opiates, cocaine and marijuana to the effect of -Opiates 34% -Cocaine 27% -Marijuana 8.5% (Worldwide presumably. CNN)     According to DEA: (Google Tech Talks) - 4 million drug users in 1965 (2% of overall population) -112 million drug users in 2003 (46% of overall population)     Wholesale cocaine costs 60% less / Heroin costs 70% less (Google Tech Talks)     Heroin overdose rate: (Google Tech Talks) - 1979 = 28 deaths per 100,000 users - 2003 = 141 deaths per 100,000 users     Approximately $30,000 per year per inmate     39 Million drug arrests under drug prohibition     1914 = 1.3% addicted to drugs/ 2002 = 1.3% addicted to drugs (Google Tech Talks)     % of crimes resolved by arrest or other means (Google tech talks) - 1965: Murders 91% - 2006: Murders 60.7%, Forcible rape 40.9%, Robbery 25.2%, Aggravated Assault 54.0%, Burglary 12.6%, Larceny-theft 17.4%, Motor vehicle theft 12.6%     Decriminalized Drugs 1. Netherlands 1976 2. Portugal 2001 3. Mexico 2009 4. Argentina 2009     Marijuana use by tenth graders in Netherlands: 28% / Marijuana use by tenth graders in the United States 41% (Google Tech Talks)     Marijuana use: U.S. lifetime prevalence = 37% / Netherlands = 17% (Google Tech Talks)     Heroin Use: U.S. lifetime prevalence = 1.4% / Netherlands = 0.4% (Google Tech Talks)     After decriminalization, Portugal drug use by ages 13-15 decreased by 25%/ 16-19 decreased by 22% - Heroin overdose deaths decreased by 52% - HIV infections reported by drug users decreased by 71% (Google Tech Talks)     Netherlands homicide rate per 100,00 population: 1.5/ U.S. homicide rate per 100,00 population 5.6 (Google Tech Talks)     United States imprisons more of its own population than any country in the history of the world. (TV Show "QI") Cited video titles are listed as follows: 1. End the Failed War on Drugs -- Cenk on MSNBC 2. Did You Know -- War on Drugs Edition 3. Portugal Legalizes Drugs. Crime Usage Falls. 4. Mexicos War on Drugs: War on Drugs Edition 5. United States of Prison 6. CNN: Time to End the War on Drugs? 7. Drug War Failure in Mexico 8. What Happened When Portugal Decriminalized Drugs? 9. The War on Drugs has Failed 10. Stephen Fry on American Prison Facts 11. Jim Gray on The Six Groups Who Benefit From Drug Prohibition BBC Prison Statistics: http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/spl/hi/uk    Drug Prohibition Statistic Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL    "The prestige of government has undoubtedly been lowered considerably by the prohibition law for nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced. It is an open secret that the dangerous increase in crime in this country is closely connected with this." -Albert Einstein "Prohibition will work great injury to the cause of temperance. It is a species of intemperance within itself, for it goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a mans appetite by legislation, and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes. A Prohibition law strikes a blow at the very [most basic] principles upon which our government was founded." - Abraham Lincoln https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQit8wnY    (All videos combined into one)1
Control of the transportation of alcohol from Canada and the Caribbean (mostly Cuba) brought actual wars between rival gangs in Detroit, Chicago (the Great Lakes area) and New York City and Miami, Florida, along the Atlantic coast, including Boston and Philadelphia. When heroin and cocaine took over from alcohol (following the end of prohibition) the same gangs had warfare in the same areas as drugs came into the U.S. from the Golden Triangle of southeast Asia, Colombia, and Mexico today.0
after 24 hours0
So say you have never smoked weed or never dipped tobacco or drank alcohol. The first time you do it you have no tolerance for it and you will be effected by it extreamly. You will be so high or buzzed. But as you keep doing these things the buzz and high start to diminish and it takes more and more of these things to get the same buzz and feel you did the first time u did it, so you have a tolerance for it. Your body is starting to become immune to it.0
Yes it very common for people to dislike the taste of spirits.Often thats why they are mixed with coke for e.g to make them taste better.A lot of my friends will drink spirits and shots just to get drunk faster even if they dont enjoy the taste.They might like beer but because you have to have quite a few to feel drunk they find spirits work faster because of the high alchohol content.I dont like spirits much but I still drink them to get happier faster! Just remember that your brain dosent stop growing till you are 25 years old.If u drink lots of alchohol it can kill your brain cells.If u dont like drinking you really dont have to.You can still go out with your mates,carve up the dance floor and pick up girls.In fact girls often like a guy who dosent reek of alchohol fumes and also they like a guy who can hold a decent conversation!Just think if you dont have your beer googles on u may well find yourself a really pretty girl next time you are out and not someone that you got a shock waking up next to the next morning!
The fact that she cant wait 20 minutes to buy beer and is afraid of running out is a big warning sign. I suspect she has already crossed the line from substance abuse to dependency. One sign is that her tolerance is increasing. Alcohol may knock someone out but it doesnt give quality sleep. Its interesting that you can pinpoint the drinking to last Nov. My experience as a substance abuse counselor makes me wonder what happened in Oct. or Nov. Is it the anniversary of something or did she experience something traumatic last fall? Whatever the trigger, she needs help to deal with it and to overcome her drinking problem. First, I suggest you go to Al Anon, a support group for friends and family of alcoholics (even if she hasnt been diagnosed). They will teach you that you didnt cause it, you cant cure it and you cant control it. Theyll give you emotional support and practical suggestions from their own experience of living with alcoholism. Second, some evening when shes on her first drink (actual intoxication depends on body weight), in a warm and encouraging way, ask if somethings been bothering her that she cant sleep. Tell her you can see that she only seems to have started having sleep problems since Nov. "Are you having nightmares about something in particular?" She may get defensive and deny it. Stop asking. You just planted the seed, let it sprout. When she is able to talk about it, then help her get the appropriate help for her specific problem or issue. And if you need guidance then, ask under psychology. P.S. 75% of women stick with an alcoholic man<SEMCOL> 75% of men leave an alcoholic woman. Interesting double standard! If you want to stay with her, follow the steps above. If she resists getting help in the next month or so, take care of yourself and move on.
It will be a secondary alcohol. The carbon bearing the OH group is attached to two other carbon atoms. This makes it a secondary alcohol. Also, if you oxidise cyclohexanol, you get a ketone, which is a product from a secondary alcohol (primary alcohols generate aldehydes).1
none
Look online and find a recipe and do it yourself. It will taste better and if its for your special someone on valentines day, it will make it that much more special. Luckily, its something you can measure out and make right in front of them!0
4) One of my relaxation way ??.2
none
Yes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malt
30mg of codeine with moderate alcohol consumption poses very little risk. The real danger is that you find it enjoyable, increase the dose of methyl-morphine (codeine), then move on to more dangerous hypothetical scenarios.0
Tobacco is far more harmfull than alcohol. alcohol if taken in proper amount does not harm our body but work as diuretic and is benifitial. only continuos overdose of it cause fatty liver. On the other side tobacco has nicotin which is very addictive and damage our synapse.harmfull organic compounds and carbon dust is present in smoke which cause emphysema and increse chances of cancer.
The alcohol is supposed to burn off during cooking. For sauces containing alcohol you can add a splash of the liquor, wine or beer right at the end of cooking, to bring that flavor forward a bit. If you have a baked dessert you can put some of the alcoholic beverage into the sauce or glaze, or brush it onto the cake before you fill and frost it. A very little goes a long way, alcoholic beverages are strongly flavored and will overwhelm other flavors or seem harsh in contrast with something sweet.1
Neither alcohol or cigs do you any good, so just do without. You dont NEED them for ANYTHING and they arent agreeing with you. You can be just as social without these vices.1
none
I am prescribed 40mg of vyvanse(an adderall dirivative) and i smoke weed everyday while on them and i never have problems. Im not a doctor but i know alot about drugs and drug interactions. Adderall is a stimulent containing Amphetamine. while Alcohol is a Depressant. Mixing Uppers and Downers is never a good idea. Adderall increases your heart rate, it boosts your mind up , wakes you up and keeps you focused. Alcohol slows you down.If you drink a good ammount of Alcohol it could even slow down your heart rate. Mixing both could put your heart at risk.You should really not drink if you took Adderall. Mixing Drugs and Alcohol is NEVER a good idea. On my Prescription it says "Dont Drink while using this medication"... Im pretty sure it says the same on yours.I took Law Enforcement Classes and Im Studying to be a Therapist.1
The only way is to stop. Youll never get dry by trying to taper. You may need help getting dried out. Call or visit you nearest AA chapter and get sober.1
none
If he values his life, hell get to AA and get sober and stay that way. If he doesnt value his life, he should keep doing what he has been doing.1
Adderall XR is a medicine used in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)in both kids and grownups.0
Emily, I only drink Tea my sweet friend.3
none
I have no idea what Ju means by even a sip is harmful. Of course it isnt harmful. Alcohol gets into your milk at the same rate that it gets into your blood -- and its cleared again just as fast. After a single drink your milk would only contain a tiny trace of alcohol .... around .02-.03% depending on your weight. There is really no need to wait at all (and definitely no need to pump and dump) after one drink. If you prefer to wait, 2-3 hours would be more than ample. If you will be leaving baby with a sitter, you are absoutely fine to nurse again when you get home. And actually, whether its a cosmo or a shot of Jack Daniels or a glass of wine -- alcohol is alcohol.4
It will depend on what it is. Try searching online for the type - "Collectors wines" for example.0
I know of women who have without problems.
Mead and wine about the same and the least equipment and time and highest alcohol. Unless you are purely stupid you can look up how to make it yourself...0
none
Its all about mixing, but yeah I usually gowith rum/coke or gin and tonic
When has drug enforcement policy ever been logical? (psst - lets get pot "normalized" before we start pushing for windowpane)
They are legally responsible for their patrons up to a legal limit outside of their establishment.1
Because you are underage and female. Your body isnt fully developed, also because you have a slower metabolism than a male, it takes longer for alcohol to be absorbed.The law, Common sense.0
They can use it as grounds to. Basically comes down to if they like ya or not..2
I usually have a glass of wine in the evening. My doctor says this is good for me. I see nothing wrong with it, nor do I see anything wrong with having some wine (or beer if I liked it) at a party or a friends house. Drinking in excess is bad for you though, and bad for other people as well. You shouldnt do that. Its unloving to do harmful things and is therefore against Jesus command to always love one another and ones enemies. Once I spent a half a year in Jamaica. The local people were very poor, and a cigarette was a treat for them. You could buy cigarettes one at a time from the little shops. A smoker may smoke 1-3 cigarettes a week. This isnt terribly bad for anyone and while I wouldnt want to smoke a cigarette, thats not because I consider this kind of smoking in extreme moderation to be sinful. I just cant stand nasty cigarettes. :P Lottery tickets dont interest me in the slightest, nor does casino gambling. Rarely my husband will buy a lottery ticket, and every 2-3 years he may go to Deadwood with family (and unfortunately I end up having to go) and spend an hour or so at the slot machines. None of them spend more than $20 or so and he spends less than that. I sketch the people at the machines, or if he insists I might put a couple of dollars in the machines. Is this wrong? No. Is it interesting? Absolutely not! Do I fell guilty? No -- just bored -- I want to get back to my sketch book and my glass of complimentary casino wine. <SEMCOL>) All things in moderation.
I drank beer for years taste or brand was rarely considered but the buzz that was my goal. My advice to the young or not to young is to walk away from Alco as you havent missed a dam# thing.
I have made a bow to never drink liqueur. This is a sacrifice I have made to God.2
70% rubbing alcohol should be fine. I had the same issue once and it worked wonders.0
No. Cooked alcohol evaporates.4
none
Poisoning. When Prohibition set in, many people produced their own alcoholic beverages (look up bathtub gin) and they didnt have the technology to filter and brew the gin so many died from alcohol poisoning1
Have you checked your blood sugar? Constant thirst is a sign of diabetes.0
You name the alcohol as you usually would putting the 3-ol at the end. Since theres a double bond however, you would put 1-en before the 3-ol. So the overall name would be 4-methylpent-1-en-3-ol.1
Because the components of the ink have different solubilities in water and alcohol.0
15% is a strong alcohol. Most wines are 12% to 14%.0
none
It is a popular myth that camels store water in their humps. They do not. The humps are merely fat. Camels do so well in desert areas because the membranes in their noses allow them to loose very little moisture when they exhale. Their capacity to store water is no different than any other similar sized animal - its their ability to retain the water that they have that makes them ideal for such dry conditions.0
I would break it off and distance yourself as much as possible from her. You need to quit sharing a home with her and really break it off if you ever want peace and stability in your own life. Some friends are just toxic and too much drama and problems to handle. This is one of those situations here. She has so much bad going on that there is nothing you can do to help her. She is going to have to help herself and figure it out. Once you move out, turn the relationship into just an acquaintance. That means that if you run into her, then just say hello and go on your way. If she calls you, dont aswer. Block out her number if you want. You dont have to be mean to her with words, but just let her know you have made different choices for your own life other than living with her and need to go on. You might make the excuse that you are doing some of your own soul searching in life and need peace and privacy alone to figure it out and thats why you need to live elsewhere. That will give you a good excuse to leave and then you can distance yourself after you leave.0
",,, [Iodoform] is synthesized in the haloform reaction by the reaction of iodine and sodium hydroxide with ... certain secondary alcohols (CH3CHROH, where R is an alkyl or aryl group). ..." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iodoform#Sy   0
yes. it is more dangerous because it can be a gateway drug to more dangerous drugs like meth, coke, and heroine.
Prohibition was sponsored by David Rockefeller, president of Standard Oil, to force people to buy gasoline from his company instead of running their cars on cheaper alcohol. It accomplished that and also created a huge amount of professional crime, which the country has never quite stopped.0
You have internet access-this is what the internet was designed for. Type substance abuse prevention into a search engine and next time figure out a way to remind yourself of assignments coming due.1
Niacin is one of the B vitamins, its likely in your beer already. Youll be fine1
I have a few beers every day of my life just about and I have had a very full life. I am not a drunk, or an alcoholic depending on whos definition of an Alcoholic but I enjoy about two or three beers each day. It does not interfere with my living or my life.0
It takes a lot more than that to do any real harm to a liver. It will be fine. Thats not enough to do anything. Sinus infections can be quite miserable. Take your antibiotics as ordered. There are no specific foods that will help even if you did do harm to your liver which you didnt do. I suggest you eat something very light if you have an upset stomach and vomiting such as chicken broth until you feel better.nurse1
I agree. Alcohol causes people to go into violent rages and more people (Im talking thousands) are killed by alcohol than are killed by guns. Yet they want to severely restrict our gun rights. Makes no sense. They need to have limits on what really kills a lot of people. And alcohol is it.
none
I like soda water based drinks. They can be as simple or as complicated as you like, and if you keep the drink mainly soda water, with just small amounts of the juices, you keep the calories and bad sugars way down. Soda water with Cranberry juice Soda water with lime or lemon juice (can also add cranberry into that mix) Soda water with ginger syrup and a bit of lemon juice (my friend made that one up - delicious) Basically a small amount of any fruit juice, or mix of juices, added to the soda water. Experiment and see what flavor combos you like. And good for you for making a good decision!0
The challenge is really just in social situations such as at the pub, just order diet coke. After a while, it gets entertaining as you can watch everybody else get drunk.0
my friend with borderline personality disorder is always getting new medications. shes had a problem with alcohol, heroin and benzos,,, Im afraid shes still using at least a substantial amount of alcohol. With her Effexor, an antidepressant also used for anxiety, she was prescribed Neaurontin (gabapentin). I am so afraid of an overdose, especially with the alcohol. She has a history of suicide attempts. The gapapentin MG adds up to about 12,000 MG, probably more. If she were to take the whole bottle, with alcohol, is it lethal? As in, will she die? Or will she just sleep it off? That is, taken with alcohol. please, someone who knows this medication help me!!!!!!! p/s excuse any misspells thanks0
Because they are uneducated and stupid. "no son, you only dislike alcohol and tobacco because you "believe" they are against your religious "beliefs" With YOU, education has NOTHING to do with it." I do not have religious beliefs, dummy. I dont do those things BECAUSE they are drugs. As of now, you are making yourself look stupid and dishonest. I think I was pretty clear in my first response. But no, you relied on ignorance on pretending that I meant something different. Frankly, I am beginning to think you fit in with this category as well. Stop with the ignorance and stop with the dishonesty. We are done here.You answered your own question.3
Check out the drink menu on their site: http://www.chilis.com/en/pages/drinkmenu    Chillis actually has quite a few drinks and the bartender could probably make you something special if you dont see anything you want. Also, heres the Margarita menu, if thats your style: http://www.chilis.com/en/pages/Margarita   0
Yes of course stop bringing alcohol to school, also stop drinking it altogether.Legalities and Brain Cells.0
none
A civilian Judge has nothing to do with this and the ChaplAin is not the place to start. If you know the name of his Command then finding his Commanding Officers name or the contact information for the Command is not hard. All military commands have Drug & Alcohol Abuse Counselors assigned to them. If you ask they will tell you who that person is. You need to tell your son that the time has come for his "Come to Jesus" moment. Inform him that if he does not contact the Drug & Alcohol Abuse Counselor or go to Sick Call and ask for mental health referral you will inform his Command that he is abusing drugs, which will end his career right there. Your son KNOWS who that Drug & Alcohol person is or all he has to do is ask (I know, I was one). If he goes and seeks help from D&A BEFORE he is caught abusing drugs he is immune from punishment and will get treatment instead. If he gets caught without seeking help his career is over and he will lose all Veteran benefits. If he wants help, he knows how to get it and you are hearing typical drug user excuses. Give him no alternative but to take action or his blood is also on your hands. Its time to stop being sympathetic and making excuses and realize that his behavior may have little or nothing to do with his Fathers death while he was on deployment and may instead be a classic case of PTSD (have that, too). Tough love time or just start planning a nice funeral for your son.100% Disabled Vietnam Veteran - Navy Airborne Electronic Warfare Officer3
if you know his unit or where he is stationed, just call them and ask to speak to his commander. call the base legal affiars office at his location and tell him your story. call a chaplin at his duty station and explain the situation to them and they can FIND who his commander is. soon he will p-e-e positive and that will be the end of his career anyhow, so dont waste time. go to: http://www.militaryonesource.mil and or call 800.342.9647 or 800.273.TALK (8255) might also be a good place to start. good luck5
Yea it would ... Cigarettes and alcohol are the most over taxed things on the market... Billions of dollars from those taxes are needed by the govt..,(at least here in America) <SEMCOL>)
Well, it sounds like self-medicating with alcohol isnt working for you either. Stop it. Alcohol actually makes depression worse (even if you do feel better for an hour or so). Get back with the professionals: it can take quite a lot of trial and error to find the best therapy for you (combinaiton between meds and therapies). Be clear with them and tell them everything so they can accurately prescribe treatment. Then be honest with them -if it isnt working, tell them and they will try something else. Tell them what has been tried in the past so you can cut down on the amount of trial and experiementation they will have to do. BTW: pot is even worse for depression. Again, may give very temporary ease of pain, but later it makes things worse -and adds anxiety.0
Ok. Assume as a basis the final mixture is 1000 mL. That means 399 mL of alcohol Let x = mL of Soln A and y = mL of soln B. x = 2y. Now x + y = 1000 and 0.2x + 0.17y = 399 but x = 2y so 0.4y + 0.17y = 399 0.57y = 399. y = 700 mL (That is your mL of solution B)0
Two thoughts here. 1. A single sample may be divided into several sample tubes with separate documentation for multiple analyses. 2. A test costs money, so only relevant tests will be done. One or both of these may apply to the circumstances of this particular query.1
You can tell him your concerns and that you love him and that he should seek help. He will not change unless he wants to. Its not impossible, but he has to want to do it. It is a huge effort to get sober and nobody can make somebody else do it.experience0
2 equations "a chemist mixes two solutions of alcohol to make 200 ml " X + Y = 200 of a 22% solution of hydriodic acid. if the first solutions is 10% solution and the second solution is 30% solution .22 = (.1*X + .3*Y) / (X+Y) .22*X + .22*Y = .1X + .3Y 0 = -0.12X + .08Y Solve the top equation for X or Y and sub into the bottom X = 200 - Y 0 = -0.12*(200-Y) + 0.8Y 0 = -24 + .12Y + .8Y 24 = .2Y Y = 120 Sub that into the X equation X = 200 - Y X = 200 - 120 = 80 X = 80 mL of the 10% solution Y = 120 mL of the 30% solution0
none
idk what it is but I think it should be 18 for both of them1
none
Get rid of the Dudweiser and double or triple the amount of Real Ale.1
The percent of alcohol is the proof/2. So someone is trying to sell you 105% alcohol?2
750 ml.0
none
I think you have ibs alcohol is a trigger for people who have it. I do not think the doctors is necessarily needed but if you were to get diagnosed with ibs and tried a medication for it that may ease symptoms that may be helpful to you when drinking etc.0
Havent touched a drug.. Plan on never either
You will probably find that your first drink after a prolonged break (be it a fast or just a break from drinking) will have a slightly greater effect on you than if youre used to drinking on a daily basis. But it wont be a big difference, and of course the actual alcohol level in your blood wont be any different (compared with what it would have been before your fast).0
No. it would be stronger, since weed isnt as wicked as alcohol.2
I am not a medical person but I think you will be okay -- no permanent damage. Between over-indulging in alcohol and the throwing up, your stomach is probably still recovering. My greatest concern in taking hydrocodone with alcohol is that there is acetaminophen (the pain reliever in Tylenol) in hydrocodone. That combination is very hard on the liver. I think I would abstain from both alcohol and hydrocodone for the next few days and see if you feel better. If not, consult your doctor. My guess is that you are okay...but lets not ever do this again!0
none
Tell them you need a public defender when you get to court and insist on pleading NOT GUILTY. Tell them you want a trial by a jury of your peers. They will throw it out of court if you stand by NOT GUILTY and insist on a trial by a jury of your peers.0
none
You could.0
This is very simple arithmetic. If 356 drops are 2.0ml then each drop is 2.0 divided by 356 = 0.00562ml or 5.62 microlitres0
The problem is that all items sold at an airport are checked / safe. HOWEVER you could not prove you bought it in a safe area on your arrival flight, therefore it could be a bomb! We had exactly the same problem in reverse. We bought duty free in London and in transiting at Nairobi on our way to Seychelles we had our spirits confiscated for this reason!6
Its a result of dehydration.0
Alcohol is haram. No matter how much you drink it. You are still drinking alcohol. Unless for medical purposes, alcohol is strictly forbidden. I dont know how alcohol can be used as medicine. But, I know that during extreme cases, what is haram becomes halal. I think you made more sense...2
Prison. It is a hell of a lot cheaper to jail junkies than it is to hospitalize them. Either way, it is coming out of MY tax money. So, Ill save a few bucks and throw them in jail where they can detox cold turkey. I hope you dont think that most tax payers give a damn about drunks and druggies who are nothing but a drain on our tax Dollars.0
A better question is how doesnt it? There isnt gonna be one good silver lining like "Good thing I was on drugs when my baby was colicky." No one is gonna say that.