How would you characterize this persons alcohol problem		For many years I have referred to my husband as being an alcoholic. He goes on day-long drinking binges on his days off from work - usually twice a week. He frequently plans not to drink or to limit how much he drinks, but often is not successful. He generally drinks about a fifth of hard liquor in one drinking episode, maybe a little more. He regularly has blackouts, does things that upset me and his children, and he has many times spent money on liquor when we needed it for something else. He has every excuse in the book for why he "has to" drink, and half the time the excuses involve something I did wrong. He has been drinking since he was a teenager, and is now 37. Recently, I have started talking to my grandmother about the problem, and she insists he is not an alcoholic and that he drinks because I "let him" and that if I would stand up to him, he would quit. This has become a a major source of contention between her and myself, and Im getting really tired of her saying hes not really an alcoholic. She defines "alcoholic" as someone who cannot control their drinking and is physically addicted, loses their job, etc. Her biggest beef is that my husband has gone as long as 3 months without drinking when he was threatened with being kicked out of my sisters house if he did. But as soon as we were back in our own place, he went right back to drinking. Another thing she always mentions is the fact that no matter how drunk he gets, he will not get behind the wheel because he has had 2 DWIs in the past, and he knows a third would be a felony, so he NEVER does it no matter how plastered. I define "alcoholism" basically as a progressive illness that begins when someone starts habitually abusing alcohol to escape or otherwise cope with some psychological, mental, or other problem in life. This eventually turns into a cycle of alcohol abuse which becomes a stronger and stronger addiction, until the person cant control it at all, and it can eventually lead to an actual physical dependency, and even death if not treated. I do not consider my husband to be at the stage of chemical dependency, but I most certainly do think he has a psychological addiction to drinking, much the same as a person can get addicted to shopping, gambling, etc. I believe that if some circumstances in his life changed, his alcoholism would become worse, and could eventually progress into that final stage. Okay, so now heres my point and my question: she said it so much that I finally decided to look again at the definition of "alcoholism", since it has been years since I read anything about the subject (weve been married 13 years) and I *guess* I could have misunderstood when I was younger, but what I found is that there is really a lot of disagreement among the various authorities about what really is alcoholism - whether its an overdrinking habit, or whether it is only the person who has become physically dependent on alcohol. So, my grandmother and i are really just arguing about semantics, and that there are just a lot of different understandings out there about what exactly is an alcoholic. So I ask you, General Public, would you call my husbands drinking problems "alcoholism", or what would you call it? Thanks for reading my long question!!		
Mentally addicted to alcohol but not phsyically addicted		I dont need to be drunk all the time, I only drink when I have the alcohol (I dont have a lot of money, so sometimes I have it, sometimes I go weeks without it), and I physically feel fine without alcohol. But when Im sober, my mind goes crazy telling myself I need to be drunk, and if I dont get to drink I get REALLY upset. I think Im depressed, for many other reasons. I dont know if being mentally addicted to alcohol made me depressed or if it was vice versa. But my social worker finds it strange that Im only mentally addicted. Is anyone else like this?	Additional Details I am getting help for it, but no one really knows how to help me. And I dont know if Im depressed because of alcohol or I started becoming addicted because of depression and my doctors dont know either so thats not helping..	
Support for mothers who have had their child removed from their care due to alcohol addiction		This is a difficult question as there is alot of stigma attached to women who lose their children through their lifestyle choices meaning their choice to put their addiction before their child. I just wondered if anyone could relate to the shame and guilt one feels for doing so and then having to accept responsibility for the consequences. My child now lives with relatives under a court order and I am no longer the  mother  in the same sense as my childs carer is now. I still see my child which I know I should be grateful for but I also have such strong feelings of jealousy and resentment towards the carer at times because she is doing all the day to day things with my child that I am not trusted to do yet as although I am in recovery its early days and it could be a long time before I ever get my child back. I know and accept that had it not been for my alcoholism I would have those day to day responsibilities just like any normal mum but I lost that privaledge and now I have to earn it again - however at times it is so hard and I feel embarrased and ashamed to tell people my child does not live with me - for example I want to better my life retrain or volunteer but when I imagine bing in a normal environment with people who have children I cant imagine telling them the truth about my circumstances. I know this is a long winded question but I have searched online for support for mums like me and I cant find any - I do attend aa and addiction services but sometimes people who havent lost their children through their addiction cant understand the emotional pain and the sense of anger and frustration I feel. If anyone can relate I would appreciate some response - many thanks		
How can I help my alcoholic uncle			I am a female college student, my uncle(in his 50s, single with no children) has a severe drinking problem. When he is sober, things are good, He makes good money at his job, he is physically fit, he has friends. However when he drinks he starts feeling sorry for himself, most recently he has been complaining about a 25 year old heroin addict stripper who turned him down, and he says it made him feel unattractive and creepy. So he continues to drink more, he will drink a huge bottle of polar ice vodka in one night by himself. He often starts flirting with me when hes drunk and takes it to far. For example, one time my legs were sore from working out, and he started massaging them and telling me that you need to massage the muscle so it wont hurt. Then he randomly started unbuttoning his pants and I jumped up and left. Ive also walked in on him passed out drunk naked before. Its really sad to see a family member like that, and really gross. If hes already drunk and theres alcohol left I will pour it down the sink. But that only helps temporarily, I dont know what to do, me and my whole family are worried. Any advice, thanks?	
How do I accept others drinking when my mother is an alcoholic		Ive been seeing a guy for a few months now and I really like him, but he really likes to drink. He does it less often now that he knows it makes me uncomfortable and he normally only has a beer or two, but it makes me uncomfortable. My mom has been an alcoholic for as long as i can remember and its caused our family a lot of problems. Shes been verbally and physically abusive, leaving our family not knowing whats going to happen from one minute to the next. Her drinking, and other people I see, causes me to feel anxious and fearful for my safety. I dont want to prevent him from having a good time and enjoying himself by telling him not to drink. And he doesnt act anything like my mother, hes very calm and well mannered when he has had anything to drink-I normally cant even tell he has. But I cant shake the feeling of being scared and having anger towards him when he drinks or brings up drinking. What can I do to be more comfortable with him drinking and realize that not everyone who drinks alcohol is going to cause me the pain my mother did?		
Could I develop alcoholism			My family raised me to be able to handle my drink, and I have older siblings that have encouraged it since I was a teenager. Im realizing my top two priorities are keeping a 4.0 and drinking, and Im scared I might become an alcoholic someday...	
How long does it take your body to recover from alcohol abuse		ive been an alcoholic for about a year and couple months now.. how long after i quit will my body go back to normal.. ps ive been drinking every chance i get some times 4-5 days in a row just drinking to get as drunk as possible... last time i consumed alcohol was yesterday i had 16 rolling rock beers and vodka close to half the bottle is gone... i made the desicion to quit today..		
Does pot make people more stupid than Alcohol, or is the effects about the same		I just dont understand why a person would want to put something in their bloodstream to make them act dumb? What drunk have you ever seen act intelligent? Stoners get my vote for acting even dumber for sure! WHY DO People get addicted to this doing these things? Is it like a competition with friends to see who can act dumber? Why do some stoners claim it doesnt make them dumber, isnt that just dumb? Why would someone want to do drugs to escape REALITY? Cant they just watch a movie?	Additional Details I had a friend who was high and caused a terrible car accident, another who hit a pedestrian	
Trivia Poll: What state do you think has the highest rate of alcoholism		Remember, here is alcoholism: -People who drink daily -People who also binge drink excessively -People who are literary addicted to alcohol. The first person to answer correct gets best answer.	Additional Details Actually, according to statistics, Fresno, California has the highest rate of ONE city, but Reno is in the top ten. Believe it or not, out of all the major cities, Boston, Massachusetts has the LOWEST rate of alcoholism. Maybe people should quit stereotyping.	
Wouldnt life be much better if drinking alcohol were to be prohibited Agree or disagree		If drinking were to be illegal, then there would be no drunk drivers so the roads would be much safer. I know that some people drinks a little bit but sometimes it can be addictive and cause them to drink even more. My friend said that he got drunk once and others thinks that getting high is cool. As a teenager,I really, dont get the point of it. How is it cool ? it only makes a fool out of themselves.I mean, why would someone want to act stupid in front of people cause they become unconscious.But i never want to say nothing because i just want to fit in.But i am not good friends with them and they just talk to me about it. It also goes against my culture and religion.They are embarrassing themselves. A little wine or any alcohol can possibly lead to a lot and people never know when they can be addicted.And if it were to be prohibited, none of this would have happed.Some people may disagree so i want to see what do you think about it?		
Why do people need alcohol		Im 14 years old and a lot of people in my year drink when ever they go out (ie, new years eve, parties etc) whereas my friends and I dont and we still have a hilarious time. I never plan to drink, because I know its worst effects, and I know a few of my friends feel the same way so we dont get it x		
My alcoholic father-in-law whats visitation of my daughter...does he have standing			my boyfriends father in a alcoholic 100% and hes addicted to drugs. just resently we had my daughters birthday party and his dad got drunk along with his side of the family..they destroyed the place and kicked everyone out of the party (even though it wasnt his place to<SEMCOL> people were just scared and listened) he wants to take us to court now because he heard we werent gonna let her around him anymore. i cant really find anything in regards to it online...can anyone lets me know if he has any standing in this or if hes just wasting his time. ps.. we live in NY	Additional Details sorry about the misspellings...im not stupid..im just angry and can barely type lol
If both my parents are recovered alcoholics, will I have a problem with alcohol		Both of my parents have not had a drink in over 20 years but I am wondering, if I have a decent childhood will I be able to drink alcohol in moderation in the future? or will I have a problem with it since both of my parents have the gene.		
Im addicted to alcohol, cigarettes and sex: help it is killing me		Hi, I am a 19 year old college student and I have an addiction to alcohol, sex and cigarettes. Alcohol, I noticed since January of 2010 that Ive been over-drinking: this equals drinking alone, drinking 3x more than all the people i go out with, blacking out etc. Since I moved to a new city this fall, I am not making friends because every opportunity I have to go out with people and have a good time, I screw it up by being a drunken mess. Also, the sex addiction is getting to me as I cannot control myself and constantly want it, with anyone and everyone. Does this have a connection to my alcohol problem? Probably. But it may be another psychological problem. The cigarettes, I am not too worried about at least. I only smoke when I drink though, which in turn becomes ALL THE TIME since I am an alcoholic, apparently. So can I ask you a few questions and please help me. I have only been able to admit these problems recently. And I want to know whether I can get over this by talking to a counselor of some kind, and also whether any of you are going through the same thing, because I need some support really badly... Love, Tiger		
Do people use drug addiction and alcoholism as an excuse to often		There is no doubt that drugs and alcohol are addictive but im tired of people blaming inanimate substances that they chose to do in the first place for all their problems. Ive met some very successful people that happen to drink or smoke a lot and they seem to be able to control themselves, people need to stop with the excuses and take responsibility for their lives instead of feeling bad for themselves because they are self labeled alcoholics or drug addicts. Agree or disagree?	Additional Details Angela- Attitudes like that is exactly what im talking about, it may be an illness but you have much more control over it than lets say a true disease like cancer. You tell an addict they have a disease and its not their fault and they are going to keep on doing what they are doing be cause "they cant help it". Ive had my own drug problems and it wasnt until i manned up and realized that I was the problem and not the drugs that i cleaned up.	
Alcoholism - help please.			This is really difficult for me and I would appreciate it if I didnt get any horrible answers. My father is a chronic alcoholic and as a result has dementia - I live away from home, and am 25, so I am unable to care for him as much I would like. He has been in and out of hospital and rehab for the last four years and has nearly died on two occasions. My mother and father are split up but she cares for him as often as he can as he lives not too far away. (There is some background anyway) I finished university in September and due to holidays etc I was unable to get a full time job until January this year. During the time I was out of work, which was for a month, I was very depressed (I have suffered from depression for the last five years on and off) and I started to drink in the mornings. (I drank a lot during my first year at university and had a serious problem). I think part of of it was the run up to christmas. Over christmas, i drank and ate a lot. However, When i started my new job at the beginning of the year I felt like I had a new lease of life. I am now walking to work and from work across wonderful fields (3 miles each way) and have a job I love. But the problem I have is on my days off. I currently have four days off and this morning, I wanted some alcohol. I have just had a glass of wine (1pm) I am terrified that I will never be able to have a day off from work and not need a drink :( I am also scared that I am going down the same path my father went (his brother died from alcoholism as well) . I have a loving partner but I dare not tell him about the extent of craving for a drink. I know some people might read this and think I am an awful person. I have been through a lot of trauma in my life (as many other people have) but I am having real problems in coping with it. When I am at work I am fine. When I am at home with my partner I am fine. It is when I am on my own at home that my mind starts to wonder. If anyone could give me any advice or point me in the direction of an organisation which could help me please do. Please no replies which are offensive. I am genuinely looking for help and dont think anti depressants are the way forward. Thank you so much. xxx	Additional Details thank you so much for everyones responses. i am overwhelmed. :-)
Is it a good thing to make our cigarettes, alcohol,drugs and firearms so cheap and easily available			Additional Details I wish to know what would happen to everyones health, safety, security,etc from day to day? Is a high level of freedom beneficial for most of us in society?	
Lol anyone agree that if your single and no kids it is EASIER being an alcoholic or addict		i think so, espeacially if they are single, not married and dont have to worry about kids and whatnot hahaha maybe just worry about keeping thier job and house hahahaha and maybe just affect thier parents, friends and siblings and cousins or unless they are introverts hahaha, well i sometimes think im an alocohlic i drink alone 97 percent of the time get drunk alone more, drink to get drunk and blackout most times i get drunk not compleltey tho lol but also i enjoy being drunk more than sober, it also is in my family my mom, her mom and dad and their mom and dad all drinked a lot ect, and also i have aspergers and ocd and if i ever live alone i want to and dont see myself ever with kids or married hahahaha i like to be alone to! i am a 20 year old male from the Canadian prairies! hahahahahaha! =]:)		
If you consume more than 3 drinks or more alone every week are you an alcoholic		hahahah see i drink alone 97 percent of the time and get drunk alone mostly than when i am social hahaha i love drinking and being drunk alone! always have been comfortable with it! =]:) i also have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder! hahaha! i usually cant stop after two drinks and i have driven drunk at least 20-30 times maybe 10 were when i was visibly intoxicated lol and my birth mom is an alcoholic her mom is one and there mom and dad were to lol i also think i need alcohol and i do get drunk and drink if im depressed or to forget about my problems also! lol and i dislike being completley sober! being sober sucks and i drink to get drunk and at least legally drunk! i am a 20 year old male from the Canadian Prairies! =]:) so am i a problem drinker/alcoholic addict?		
My friend might be an alcoholic			It was new years eve and my friend had a crazy I dea to o into her parents liquor cabinet. She started to drink martini and beer... A lot of it too. Me andy friend stood there and stared thinking shes crazy. Btw shes only 13. And them she went vegetarian and shes always looking for attention. Shes been flirting and swearing alot too. And shes always mad at her family. I dont know why to do?	
My Mother Is a Crazy Alcoholic and I Cant Cope With Her		Ive been through a lot lately. Ive finally started taking depression pills a while ago. My mom has been drinking since I was little. She drinks any kind of alcohol and drinks it constantly throughout the day and throughout the night. It is SO embarrasing at parties, too. Ive talked to her over and over and she usually says something like, "You shut up." or "No, Im NOT." or "Get studying." Then I get really, really angry because she just sneers at me and walks away. Usually, I scream, "I hate you!" until I cant talk, Im so angry. She wont listen to me because Im so young... I have a councillar I can talk to, but whenever my mom comes for that kind of meeting with both of us discussing this issue, she always is super sober and says she maybe has three drinks a day--WHICH IS THE BIGGEST LIE IVE EVER HEARD. She drinks over and over and over and over! I see her! She gets so blasted by the end of the night...I feel so lost. I dont really have too much of a mothers love. I mean, sometimes she hugs me, but I shrug it off and back away, telling her she stinks of alcohol and peanuts (which is her "always" snack). Whenever my friends come over, I have to think up an excuse when they see a giant box of wine with the hose thing sticking out in the refrigerator. I am not over-exaggerating. My dad and my brother (who is 23) agree with me, also. She must have some kind of problem. Remember, I have so much trouble talking to my mom. I just wish I could put her on Dr. Phil or Intervention or something...Though this isnt the only reason Im depressed, it is one of them that made a big impact.		
What are the primary differences between an alcoholic vs a drug addict				Additional Details Is one more functional than the other? Differences beyond the surface, such as character, danger to society ETC. Alcohol is not a drug according to our government. I listen to what the government tells me since they set the laws. Alcohol is not a drug. Alcohol is not a gateway drug, marijuana is the gateway drug they told me. This must mean the average person smokes pot before the take a sip of alcohol, does that sound right?
KISS Army Alert! While pridng himself on being drug/alcohol free....		Doesnt it seem odd that Gene $immon$ will use drug addicts such as Doc McGhee and Bob Ezrin to achieve his goals?	Additional Details @ Tex: Before I delete this question, I was just getting at how Genes "clean lifestyle" doesnt seem to impede his business dealings. Partying with people is one thing, but their Mgr, Doc McGhee started as a drug dealer in L.A. and uber producer Ezrin was outta his mind when he helmed Destroyer, probably residual from hangin with Alice Cooper. And by the way, shut yer own face!	
Alcoholism.. I dont understand how somone can become dependent		Ive drank in the past, had a good time and thats that. I never felt like I had to drink to have a good time or craved a drink. My dads an alcoholic but I never understood how someone could just get addicted like that. Im definitely a social drinker, if you bust out some beers, Ill have one or two but I dont need it. Plus, alcohol would not be my choice drink if Im just sitting alone watching tv. Id much rather have chocolate milk, lol. Basically, how does someone become dependent on alcohol?		
A relapsing alcoholic A few psychology questions Help		My aunt Vicki is an alcoholic, and she went into AA about 13 years ago, and she was completely sober for 13 years, until just this year, and shes gotten out of control. Just 9 months ago she got it into her head that she was going to lose weight, and she did. She got addicted to Facebook, and her reasoning for that was that it kept her busy, and it kept her from eating as much as she used to, and she used the excuse that it helped her lose weight, which is a ridiculous claim. She got so obsessed with losing weight, and in October she resorted to drinking mouthwash that has alcohol in it, got drunk, and didnt do that for a while, or as far as I know she didnt, and I was fooled for a while, thinking she was truly happy, until she got drunk twice more times in the past two weeks. Ive found that she cut out her sugar intake. I know from experience that alcoholics use an alternative to alcohol when they quit, and its usually sugar, because alcohol turns to sugar. Since she cut out sugar, could she have been craving the alcohol for sugar? I know thats a complicated little paragraph, so bear with it. Now, this is the big psychology problem: When shes drunk, she says help on Facebook a lot, then when shes sobered up, shell say "Dont worry, Im fine." I want to know what she means when she says help. Thanks! I know that was awfully confusing.		
What are the aftereffects of cocaine and alcohol		I think that I stupidly did cocaine for the first time in my life last night while blackout drunk so I dont remember anything. Today I feel more jittery than on a normal hangover. Could this be because I possibly did cocaine or is it just a bad hangover? thanks, and yes im an idiot		
Your opinion on 14 year old alcohol problem			Well, I am a 14 year old girl and my family has a history of alcoholism and smokers. I would NEVER smoke, however I do like drinking. Actually I really like alcohol... I sometimes wait until everyone in my house is asleep, go downstairs and steal a beer from my dads fridge, and go drink it alone in my closet... I have a craving for alcohol almost everyday. And it pisses me off that I cant legally drink. I was just wondering, do you think i am going to become an alcoholic? Because I really dont want to be, but I dont know what to do... I have never actualy gotten drunk. Only one beer every time I drink. WHAT DO YOU THINK??Please help me! Thanks. And sorry that this was so long lol.	
Health - Margarita alcohol level		Im not a drinker. I recently bought couple 11.2 FL oz of margarita from walmart. 3.2% by volume. I am wondering if drinking this couple times a week may make me addicted to alcohol. I never like beer or wine, but I like alcohol when they are mixed with sweet fruit juice, like margarita Im just worried that I might get addicted to alcohol in long run. I still dont really beer and wine so far Also, will drinking it cause any health problem? I got no idea if that is considered strong or weak alcoholic drink		
Could punching your leg be a sign of Drug/alcohol withdraws		A few years ago i found a bottle of whiskey in my dads safe, this was a problem because he claimed that he had never drank before. My brother confronted him about it and he of course denied the whole thing. but then the next week my brother found yet another bottle(big bottle!) in the trash. we eventually let it go thinking that he would resolve it himself and because he refused to admit that he had a problem (i am no longer living at home so i dont know if it is still happening). The thing that concerns me is that his father was very abusive and a mean drunk, and i dont want my Mom or siblings to have to go through that if he looses control. He was recently given a prescription for a pain killer and now i am afraid he is addicted to those as well. i have noticed that when he is sitting he will randomly start punching his leg, it is almost like a nervous tic that he is unable to control. He is also super irritated ALL of the time, and he has become anti-social. i am just wondering if i need to be worried about him? are these common signs of drug/alcohol withdraws/addictions? and can i do anything to help him overcome this problem? i am mainly just concerned about the safety of my family, so if you have any advice on the matter it would be greatly appreciated!		
I left my husband because he is an alcoholic		I left my husband about 8 months ago because he is an alcoholic. This had been going on for years and I finally had enough and plucked up the courage to leave him. He had been in and out of hospital over the last 3 years because of booze. Since I left him he has been back in hospital about 3 times due to seizures, had jaundice also. He basically pushed me away over the last 3 years, although he does not see it like that at all now, thinks he has done nothing wrong. Anyway we eventually sold our marital home and he now has a and I now have my own place to. He is a very controlling person. He was in hospital again just before xmas, and I saw him a couple of times. Now he had been talking to this other girl on the internet, who is from taiwan. He had been speaking to her for quite some time. Well they had arranged to meet and he told me she was coming over for xmas, i didn<SEMCOL>t believe it. I went to see him in the hospital before he came out and he was blaming me as usual, saying he would not have done any of this if i had not of left him. He has no idea what he has done to me mentally as the verbal abuse I used to get off him was unbelievable. To the point of me hiding from him in my own home and sleepless nights when I had to get up for work the next day. I now suffer with major anxiety and am having to see a councellor. So the day when I saw him in hospital, it was quite emotional between us as I made him realise a few things for which he said he was sorry for. When i first told him i was leaving him because of drink, he made no effort what so ever in trying to sort himself out and try and get me back, he has said all along that he loves me and I am the only woman for him, but yet he still spoke to these women because he said he was lonely. He didnt sober up for me or do anything he just felt sorry for himself. Although I was supportive to him and tried everything to keep our marriage going. Well she came over and stayed with him for 3 weeks, everyone was quite gob smacked at this, no one understood it as to what this girl was doing here! I do not understand why someone would come all this way for a few weeks if she thought it was a friendship thing, i really dont get it. My anxiety went through the roof. Anyway she has now gone back, and guess who he called straight away? yes me. Well I have seen him a few times and we have talked and talked etc. Then another huge blow, he went out on saturday night with an old work friend and started drinking again, I was devestated again. I saw him and he said a few things to me, that made me realise what an idiot I had been all along going to see him letting him back in all the time etc. He turned around and said he loves me, but he knows that I will always be there for him. He admitted he was more or less using me. His parents are devestated to, they have decided to cut him off again and I am also now going to do the same, I am not going to let him treat me this way anymore no matter how much it hurts me now, I know it will get easier.	Additional Details Its going to kill me to not contact him, but for my own sake I have to be strong and do this now. Has anyone been through anything simular to this? I am still just worried sick about him as I know what he will be like and I have not heard from him for over 48 hours now. But I will not contact him. He wont answer the phone anyway.	
Why do you think alcohol and tobacco are accepted drugs and ecstasy and weed arent		I ask this question because a lot of research shows that alcohol and tobacco are more damaging to your body and are more addicting than, for instance, ecstasy and weed. Having tried all 4 I agree with the research and I find it odd and twisted the way the law handles these drugs. What do you think? (and please, do think before answering)		
Why does it seem cool to want to be a drug addict or alcohol seller		In my school, some will ask Are you high on cocaine? Cuz if you are, I WANT some! and I hear stuff like that all the time. Its not cool at all and they all know the dangers or drugs and alcohol.		
Can you go through withdrawl from alcohol			Ive been drinking for the last 5 days straight. I have found my true love at last as I have been addicted to many substances over the last few years and just recently alcohol has become the seemingly best choice. There have been many birthdays of both me and many of my friends over the course of January and as a result my freezer is cramped with many various bottles of delicious liquor. However, as I have been housing them down shot by shot every morning I realize they are going to run out at some point and I know that BY that point Ill be deep in the game. But I digress, can you get withdrawls from alcohol. I guess my real question is how severe will they be and how long will it last. Any imput from anyone who has been through it already would be much appriciated. Thank you!	
Alcohol and meth questions		Is it true that if your mom or dad were alcoholics or meth addicts that their children have a higher chance of being that way too? Why is that? Is it genetics? Or just chance? I heard it could be genetics but Idk how true it is. What if one parent was on both? Would that matter?	Additional Details ok just to clarify my mom and dad are not alcoholics or meth addics and they never were. i was just asking. but thank you for your concern	
Advice on alcoholic seizures		I have a close friend who has alcoholic seizures and has done for several years. Recently these have been increasing in frequency as he is trying to cut down his alcohol intake due to other health problems. Im really worried about him but he refuses to seek professional help or go see a doctor. Does anyone know of any way to lessen the frequency of seizures without seeking medical help? I think it would be dangerous for him to stop drinking suddenly as he has been dependent for over 20 years and I dont think he would be able to anyway. Any advice/experience that can be shared about this would be very welcome. Thanks		
Pisces do you like to be indulged in drugs and alcohol or are you repelled by them		Pisces are stereotypically known to be addicts, but I hate and despise it when people does drug and alcohol. My father drinks a lot. It replaced his consumption of water. Everyday, bottles and bottles and bottles of ALCOHOL!!!! I hate it. I hate seeing him when he is drunk. Just to hear his drunk voice, I get so angry and upset. I just want to throw something into his face when I see him drunk. All of his friends, they come over everyday and they would drink, drink, drink... gamble, gamble, and gamble... I just cant stand it. I hate it, hate it, HATE it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so repelled by it, that when I see a person getting drunk and even when they have no relation to me, I get so angry and I just want to snatch away their alcohol and slam something hard on their faces. Are you a drinker, Pisces? Is my reaction normal for a typical Pisces?		
Alcoholism in the family; how do you stop the cycle of abuse			Now that I am a young adult, I can understand that my father regularly abused alcohol and was addicted to it for much of my childhood. This addiction caused for many miserable nights and days. My father would go out on drinking binges while my mom would wail like a helpless child and call him every 15 minutes. I remember this occurring from ages 6 to 13 and I remember I was at my moms side. I didnt understand why my mom was crying as a child but this was very traumatizing to watch her. I also remember seeing my dad very drunk and it was confusing<SEMCOL> I didnt understand why the drink made my dad a different person. I remember my dad puking and becoming sick. He broke my closet from a drunken stupor he was in. I witnessed that and I thought my dad was really selfish for drinking and staying out at night while we would be worried sick. 10 years later. My father is a bit more controlled about his drinking but we still have those nights where he is out at night. He is an older man and so he does not drink often outside of home, but he still does. Last year, we found out about my younger brothers boozing. partying and drug life-style when he got involved in something. Though he has been sober for 12 months, my brother expresses interest to drink drink drink. I told him that our dad had a problem with alcohol and my brother said i was deluded with my memories. but my mother remembers them and so does my father (to some extent). I am extremely stressed by my brothers situation because drinking has only brought him trouble and he is an impressionable person with a while lot of maturing to do. One of the major reasons WHY my brother wants to drink is because my dad does. My brother told us that when asked by his friends if our parents dont mind him staying out and drinking, he said "NOPE, my dad comes after me". My parents dont want to take ownership to how my son turned out... and they always fight about who spoiled my brother. whenever I try to give my brother advice, he gets extremely angry and confrontational. My brother sees no issue at being at the place my dad was<SEMCOL> but my brothers memory is flawed. he makes no logical sense and just yells at me without listening to me. I care about my family but i dont want to mess up my life by spending too much energy on family troubles... whats a person to do?	
I have a niece that is 2 1/2 years old and her mom did drugs and alcohol and crack what can it cause		My mom noticing her developmental delays and i have notice them too. she is hyper but i think that is being a 2 year old and her mom has adhd and on my brother side i have adhd and also my brother has mild mental handicap,my niece ashley has learning disability,i have mild to moderate mental retardation plus cerebral palsy and other special needs,my dad has a learning disability. My niece has a death grip on animals and she doesnt let go and she pulls on animals legs, we afraid she will hurt the animal, her half brother has developmental delays we seen so could she be too. My brother trying for full custody for his daughter now. where do you start to get help for this child? I like to see her evaluated in all areas. we live in Indianapolis,IN.		
Is past extensive cocaine use and alcohol abuse treatable		Im sorry if my question did not come out right, ill do the best i can to explain my situation. My mother is 54 going on 55. In the past back in the 80s up to the 2000s, she did extensive coke use and was(or is) an alcoholic. She appears to be lack confidence and can be so controlling at times. She can never calm down nevertheless hold a job i think. When you do alot of cocaine, i know you lose your mind. You go a bit insane and paranoid. Is there any long-term treatments or options that i should take that can calm her down? She smoke cigarettes every day, so many packs and it will not improve her heart and medical conditions at all. Im very very close to sending her to a nursing home or have her seek counseling, but im trying to find out what other options that i can take that dont involve her leaving the house. Im so extremely lost, please help and God bless.		
What if alcohol had no bad physical effect		A big argument about marijuana is how its not harmful, other than the fact that youre inhaling smoke...which any kind of smoke is bad to inhale. But if alcohol had no bad physical effects, would you think its a completely harmless substance?		
Alcohol helps me focus - adhd		Hi, I have ADHD. I drink with friends once a week. I had 4 shots tonight. I found myself able to focus on what was going on (* the football game *) and was able to make relevant conversation towards it. I felt as if, I were in reality. I dont know how to explain but, its like when Im not drunk my mind is running 2x the speed of a normal person and I cant stop to see whats going on around me. When I drink things slow down to normal levels (* I dont slur when I talk - infact people want to hang around me more... *) I dont think Im an alcoholic. I can go weeks without a drink. I can control the amount I drink too, its not often when I pass out. Im asking this question as its proven that individuals with ADHD have a faster sense of time perception (* lab mice would pull a lever sooner than mice without *) - thus, given that alcohol is a depressant and SLOWS down central nervous system activity - one would hypothesize that depressants would be the solution to ADHD rather than stimulants... I dont know. If you have ADHD and have experience with alcohol, please let me know below with your answers - your experience on the matter. Thanks		
I am an alcoholic/drug addict in need of some supportive words			I am a 26 year old male, and I am a drug addict. If you are an addict, or have experienced this, then you might understand what I am going through. If you are not, and do not know such people, then you probably wont have any interest in replying to my question. Well, its not really a question as such, I just want to say what I am going through right now, and hope someone out there knows how I feel. I have always loved drinks and drugs, but Ive always walked a tightrope trying to keep my office jobs and keep the extent my habits hidden from my family and friends. About a year ago, my Dad (who I currently live with), found me passed out on the couch, with a packet of valium and a box of red wine by my side. Valium (and other benzodiazepines), had become my drug of choice. I started off with party drugs like eccys and coke in my late teens, then around the age of 22/23 I started turning towards downer prescription medicines, like Valium, Xanax, Stilnox, and smoking lots of marijuana as well. After my Dad found me (and called the ambulance), I then admitted myself into a drug rehab the following week, where I went through a 4 week program which was based on the twelve steps ( & AA meetings). When I left rehab, I continued with  for a while, but soon grew tired of it, and found I felt out of place, even though I could relate to many of the stories. I just didnt find it was helping, and (even though I know it is probably wrong), I have gone back to trying to moderate my drug & alcohol intake, rather than completely cutting it off. Im doing okay, I dont drink myself into oblivion, and when I take Valium, Ill just take two or three instead of 20 or even 50 like I used to. Anyway - my Dad has been prescribed some pain medication (panadeine forte), and he has left it on the counter in the kitchen. Being an addict, my mind is already working overtime with bad thoughts, such as how I could open the packet, take a couple, then go back to my den where I watch TV and drink. Im trying so hard to block these thoughts<SEMCOL> I know this is my Dads medication for him, and that I should not try to take it, but I cant help all these sneaky thoughts. My Dad is kind of aloof (acutally very aloof most of the time), and it probably would be possible for me to break into the packet and take two without him noticing. My Dad is nothing like me, he doesnt like a drink at all, and he would certainly never dream of abusing a medication - he has now gone to bed, he mentioned he was in pain, but he didnt even take a pill, thats how much hes not into that. I guess I keep having all these thoughts like "well he probably wont even end up using the medication, or he certainly wont need them all" ... I just dont know what to do...I wish my Dad hadnt mentioned he had been prescribed painkillers (he means well, but he doesnt understand that as an addict, I cant be trusted with medications lying around...I think he just thinks my problem was Valium as thats what landed me in rehab. But I will basically take ANYTHING I am given. I SO BADLY want a painkiller...just 2 tablets...then I can fall asleep...thats all I ever want at night...but I know it is so wrong...Im hoping someone can give me some empathy and maybe some words of wisdom. Please dont just say "stop taking drugs" : if youve been where Ive been, youll know its not quite that simple.	
Drinking alcohol at 14 help		all my friends say im addicted to alcohol cuz i hate the taste but i always drink it they also say im addicted cuz i say i drink cuz the pain goes away am i addicted the first time i ever drank it was crown royal now i only drink whiskey		
Do teens overreact about how "awesome" thing like pot,sex,and alcohol are		Im 16.I go to a school where everyone has to talk about how awesome it is to have sex or how awesome it is getting high or waster. Personally,I see nothing wrong with the three as long as people arent over doing it.Sex is natural and everyone does it.And as long as no one is getting hurt and people are safe,theres nothing wrong.Alcohol is a good way to relax.And getting drunk once in awhile isnt bad as long as its not a daily/constant thing.The same goes for getting high off of non-addictive and non-lethal things like pot.As long as people arent using it as a way to "deal" I dont see an issue. But it feels like everyone else around me does it because it makes them feel cool/adult/bad *** or some synonym for the three. Am I just not understanding,or are my class mates just blowing **** out of proportion?		
Why are some prone to drug and alcohol abuse		this is a question i have pondered over and I hope you may be able to Help me understand why some of us seem to be prone to drug and alcohol abuse? so, what do you think? can shyness for example lead to drug and alcohol dependency? drawing from my own experience, being inclined to shyness and social anxiety eventually lead to me using alcohol and then i started using drugs like cannabis because i found that after i had consumed either, I felt "normal" i.e. my inhibitions seemed to disappear and i would feel more at ease with myself and people...but i was also aware that the anxiety was still there knowing that when the effects wore off my shyness and nervousness would come back. and so the longer i could stay tipsy and high the better i felt. i no longer use alcohol or drugs anymore and i am still shy and still have bad nerves but i am determined to never abuse drugs and alcohol again. i think i had to to go through that experience in order to learn that they were not the answer. but surely shyness and or anxiety cant be the only reason why people turn to drugs and alcohol? if we are mentally strong do you think that can help us? can physical problems make us inclined to turning to drink and drugs? please share your thoughts. the more i live the more i learn how many of us have gone astray for various reasons and each case i have looked at shyness has always lead to alcohol abuse and it has always lead to a early death. and i think it is so sad. what can we do to help?	Additional Details interesting answer Trina thank you. sheng Hui, thank you. your answers are very good and valid. and i agree with you.	
Marijuana, alcohol and cigarettes: Difference		I know that if you drink a lot of alcohol you will have liver problems, that if you smoke a lot you will have lung problems, but if you smoke pot a lot will you have brain problems? Any thing you can tell me will be greatly appreciated.		
Risk of alcoholism, need info		its for my project, i need to know what are the risks in being addicted to alcohol and some interesting facts. Maybe youll give me more info than google has		
Future alcoholic			Its in my dad and mom, im almost 15, i have tried some painkillers and have been drinking sparingly for about a year now. My question is, What is the point of not killing myself if I know I will most likely end up an addict, even though I am very smart and athletic? my step parent doesnt believe me when i saay i havvvee depression	
Is it hypocritical to drink alcohol and tell others that using drugs is wrong, when alcohol is just as bad		Please leave legality out of this question when you answer, but do you believe it is hypocritical to be a drinker and then preach to others how "evil" or "wrong" drugs are when in reality alcohol can be just as or more destructive to the body? I never understood why people or government tries to separate drugs from alcohol when alcohol is a drug and it is just as bad for you as illegal drugs. It annoys me when people preach to me how horrible drugs are but they have no problem sitting there and getting drunk. Fact is alcohol and cigarettes kill more people than all drugs combined and they are completely legal. I think that is the case because cigarettes and alcohol are two of the most addicting substances that one can use. Do you think its because we as a society have accepted the governments separation of drugs from alcohol or that people just think that alcohol is a better vice because it is morally acceptable and drugs are frowned upon? Either way I find it highly hypocritical for someone to do so because I believe a drug is a drug and legality has nothing to do with your health.		
Why do some Christian groups insist on abstaining from alcohol		For example, the Christian & Missionary Alliance forces anyone who wishes to serve with them to never drink alcohol. Seems a little harsh to me, especially considering how Jesus and his disciples most certainly drank wine at "the last supper", and also how Jesus played bartender at a wedding once! If anything, its more proof that Christians morals do not come from the Bible.		
Im a recovering alcoholic but Im not drinking alcohol		Maybe Im confused here. Recently I found a wonderful drug that is perfectly legal. This drug is mostly a sedative and gives slight euphoria, but nothing that I would consider a true high where I tend to get nasty and isolate. So I stopped drinking through help of 12 step program and counseling May 24, 2010. Im 31. In January, I tried this drug from the internet and my sponsor said I had to start my sobriety date all over. Thing is, I was addicted to alcohol and drank one last time on Jan 27 after being pissed off that I had lost all my sober time. Im not addicted to this drug. All I want to do is use it to occasionally get high and relaxed. It has already helped with the alcohol obsession/cravings. My husband disapproves so I have to hide it... What is the problem with wanting to relax recreationally once in awhile? Im not drinking! Is this still sobriety bc its making my life BETTER taking the drug? Thanks	Additional Details Im not giving the name of the drug because I fear that if too much is written about it, they will ban it from the US like it is illegal in Asia currently. Hint, hint. If you email me, Ill give you the name	
Is my tolerance to Vicodin any reflection of tolerance to alcohol		So I am 18 and I dont drink but Im worried that one day if I do try alcohol (once Im 21) that I will become addicted. I used to be "addicted" to candy and pop. I would drink like 6 glasses when we would go out to eat. So about 3 monthes ago I stopped pop and candy complete and have had like one can of pop since December. So down to business, I got my wisdom teeth removed and I was a little worried I may become addicted to vicodin and its effects. However, I have been taking 2 every 6 hours and barely notice any "high" effects. I am a little dizzy but not that much at all. Some of my friends are recreational users of vicodin and says it gets that all chatty and happy and stuff, but I havent noticed any effects like that. Is there any relation between this and alcohol use since their effects are kind of similar? Thanks.		
Im from poland, living in north london and alcohol addict. can i get detox without paing for it			Additional Details but its quiet serious actually. i was talking more about some sort of clinic, where they would put me in for few days and give some medicines so i can go thru it.	
Is it haram to give money to poor alcoholics		i was in town the other day and i saw this poor man sitting on the sidewalk and he was asking for money. I thought about it for a moment and i just had to give him some money. I knew that he would probably buy some alcohol which wouldnt help him but i just felt like i had to give him some money. Also i wanted him to come home with us and clean himself up but i know this wasnt a good idea. So was it haram to give an alcoholic some money. Would you give this person some money. I know heaps of people were walking past him and didnt even care for this poor person on the street on a cold evening. Everyonelse was just out having fun and didnt even give this poor person a glance??	Additional Details @? there was no doubt that this homeless man was going to but alcohol with his money. he had an empty bottle of alcohol next to him and i did not judge him because i dont think that drinking alcohol is a bad thing-its just haram to do. there is a slight difference. not everything thats haram is bad. for example the consumption of pork is haram but its not bad. its just that allah has forbidden us from eating it therefore we must abide by allahs rules set for us. When we judge someone we place negative connotations with their actions which i havent done so. So im sorry you came to this conclusion...	
Can fully recovered alcoholics drink again		Lets say I spent the last 20 years drinking daily, and after I went through the AA process, I am no longer considered addicted to alcohol. could i go out and have a beer with the guys, then? By the way, this is completely hypothetical. I am 17 and this has always been a question Ive had.		
Do most people who drink alcohol excessively do so to relieve repressed anger	Tao		is this what "stress" too really? is it a nice word for repressed anger? how it makes on feel to bottle up "anger" and "Stress"? how drinking alcohol changes this feeling to maybe what WOULD be a "normal state" if hadnt been in "stressful" situations? how so, if agree? and how would a person feel if never had much anger repressed or "Stress"? please explain how common and is this ALSO why people smoke? give examples too , if can of things that cause "Stress"? thanks for your answers!	
Help my alcoholic friend		A good friend of mine is having (and apparently has had for longer than Ive known him) some serious alcohol and alcohol-related issues. He drinks a lot almost every night, depression, DUIs, etc. In the past two weeks, he has hit two parked cars. Im almost hoping he gets another DUI to get him off the roads before he kills someone. A third DUI for him means prison. Hes circling the drain and he knows it. He has admitted he needs to get control of himself. He is not in denial. I have heard him refer to himself as an "addict" and I know he knows he has a problem. Without getting too emotionally involved, I need to figure out how to get him some help. I cant sit by and watch this. What do I do? Hes scaring me, and scaring himself. I have the numbers of AA and some counselors, etc. How do I bring this up? Hes in his late 20s, if it makes a difference.		
Im 20, female, bulimic, alcoholic, drug abuser and contemplating suicide		Okay. Im a 20 year confused female. My childhood was okay, there was violence when I was 4 from my Dad to my Mum. I have been to private school and then state school then private then state and totaly went off the rails when I was 14. I found alcohol and fell in love with it. My mum kicked me out when I was 15 then my Dad did soon after. I then went on a self destruct pattern. I completley abused drugs especially cocaine. I then continued to drink got sacked from a few jobs as Id always call in sick with a hangover. Ive had MANY toxic relationships, usualy with other drinkers or drug addicts. I have tried to kill myself 3 times - 2 paracetamol over doses and one exstacy overdose. I have been really promiscuous when men and have to self esteem. I cant even concentrate in writing this as I went on a drinking bender lastnight. This summer I met a guy on holiday, who I fell in love with and who just happened to be a multi millionaire. He took me away from Pole dancing from which I totaly abused drink whilst doing. We went on holiday and he was a bit off with me and I got so wasted on the plane took 5 Xanax to sleep woke up and I had cut all my arm, self harmed and had a blackout. My boyfriend then paid for me to go to rehab for a month which I did. In this time he got close to my family and found out EVERYTHING about my past, they told him everythinggg thinking that it would help me but stuff was said which I know hes not telling me and Ive just come out about 10 days ago and I felt a million dollars. I am 20 and got into the 12 step programme and came out willing to never drink again or take drugs. And hes broken up with me!! I relapsed a few days ago and keep having black outs. I went back to dancing which is why I did this. I went back to our place in Switzerland with him and found bras there!! He said he didnt no where they came from I now know that he is a compulsive liar. He was running from me as soon as I came out because he now knows to much about my past also he must feel uncomfortable around me because I was sober and he felt he couldnt party anymore - he is totaly in denial about his drug habit and Im sure feels that Id make him feel and look bad if he did it with me around - Im sure this put him off me to. Im just SO angry because I did that month in rehab for him and he shot himself in the foot and now is giving me the cold shoulder. Im in a lovely hotel atm that hes put me in but I cant stay here forever. Hes not even ringing them to pay the bill so Im shitting it literally. Hes totaly avoiding my calls, he got his friend to meet me lastnight and I was so pissed I blacked out and dont remember anything of the dinner but aparently I behaved like an animal. Ive always suffered from depression and been googling bipolar i did an online test and it said I have extremley high bipolar symptoms. I suffer from basically all of the symptoms. I cant even write this properly so sorry if some of it doesnt make sense. I havent had suicidal thoughts in ages and I know my behaviours pushing him away from me and hes just given up with me and doesnt know what to do. I have nowhere to go. No where to live. I know one thing Ive learnt from this experience with him life definatley isnt about money and power and it wont make u happy. I have to watch him destroy himself, I have now became obsessed with him, I dont understand he was SO in love with me before I went to rehab. When Ive been drinking I have non stop suicidal thoughts. Im not a bad looking girl and Im a really nice person and Im just destroying myself. I feel worthless. I never went to college. I just feel like Ive screwed my life up, have no one to turn to and Im so scared about whats going to happen to me. Thanks for listening. x Oh I became bulimic 4 months ago and thats getting out of control also... Im f***ed :-(	Additional Details I have never used this before. Your feedback realy makes me happy to know that people are there. I feel a little better all of a sudden knowing that there is support there even from total strangers. Thank you so much for the comments, Im not sure how to answer my own question so not sure how to write back. I may get back to some of you. I WAS ready to change when I went to rehab but this boyfriend splitting up with me thing has just pushed me so far down again. Im a mess. Alcohol is so appealing at the moment I dont know if Im ready to accept help. Its really sad. And they said relapses were bad!!	
Lsd, shrooms, salvia, weed, or alcohol		ive done weed and alcohol before and i want like the next thing like one that wont **** up my life and i wont get addicted to out of shrooms salvia and lsd what should i do. i want a fun trip but like this is a one time thing.and dont say drugs are bad.		
The boundaries of alcoholism		im 19. my parents drink. i look for their boos like every night. i love being drunk. but i love being sober too. i love being drunk because it opens up the inside of me, makes me myself, truly myself. its not like i dont love being sober too, but drinking is definitely my drug of choice. when i have a "handle" of vodka to myself, i drink it when i want. sometimes i even drink in the morning "as long as i know for sure that im not doing anything important that day." sometimes that handle will be gone within 3 days. i truly believe im an alcoholic. i mean, i love being drunk! its awesome! its like the perfect feeling. but then again its not like i always want to be drunk, because i love being sober too. idk it depends on the situations. but yeah whenever theres boos in the house, i try to get it. whenever i have money, i either spend it on weed or alcohol. but then again im a real person. with real thoughts and intelligence and interestingness. and its not like im constantly thinking about being drunk all the time. but when i get the chance, i drink, just because it makes me feel good. so, does this make me an alcoholic? or not? or does it make me just a teenager who just really likes to get drunk because hes bored and enjoyes being drunk? and also, im quite heavyweight and many times when i am ****-faced you cant even tell that i am ****-faced. also i would like to add that ive driven drunk fequently, but then i got a DUI and it really ****** me over. i WILL NEVER drive drunk again. not because i think i will drive badly (i thought i drove fine) but because of fear of cops and getting ****** over by the government. so, am i an alcoholic? or just a teenager in the prime of my life? and yes, i drink alone too. i drink a lot. but not all day every day. but maybe 5-6 times a week. or less, or more, it varies.		
A few questions abotu alcohol		Im 15 and ive been wanting to drink it for a while but anyways im starting of small o today i stole one can of carlign from the shop and me and my freind drank it, then tommorow i plan to steal a few cans, and she does aswell what i want to know is well i dotn want to get hooked on it and become a alcoholic, so how long until i should stop before i become addicted. and how many would it take a 15 year old to get drunk so i dont go over the top becaue i drink at lunch then go back to school		
Should parents teach responsible drug/alcohol use		To start off, I know perfectly well that drugs and alcohol have the potential to ruin lives. But, my question is, shouldnt parents be teaching their children to responsibly use drugs and alcohol? The whole idea of teaching a child to abstain completely from drugs and drinking for life is just unrealistic. Telling teenagers not to do something just makes them want to do it even more. Then, in addition to the fun of whatever substance(s) they ingest, they experience the thrill of acting out and doing exactly what their parents told them not to do. As much as parents would like to think they are in control of their children, they really only have a limited amount. If their child really wants to get drunk or high, there is little their parents can do to prevent it, short of sending the child off to rehab. So, realizing that parents can only do so much, and that many people will eventually experiment with drugs and alcohol, shouldnt parents choose to educate their children to use substances responsibly? I mean, as in teaching their children to do everything in moderation. And to use drugs/alcohol to have a good time, not to cover up unpleasant feelings. That is a sure-fire way to get addicted. And just because some people who use drugs get addicted doesnt mean that everyone will, especially if they have been taught to use drugs responsibly. People die in car crashes all the time, but that doesnt stop many from driving. I think that my life is an example of responsible drug use. I am 15 and a sophomore in high school. Ive done the basics (weed, alcohol, and cigarettes) and even some of the harder stuff like pain meds and heroin (not the kind you inject). But, Im passing school with a 3.9 GPA, and Im the best runner of my schools cross country team. Im no addict. Both of my parents smoked and drank in high school, and they unrealistically expect me to not do any of that. Lots of my friends parents are OK with their children drinking and/or smoking, and I resent my parents for making me have to sneak around just to have some fun. Most of the people I hang out with have been drunk or high, and theyre not the losers that our government has portrayed in their ridiculous drug "education". Even the good kids, who have perfect grades and are very involved in school, have a drink every now and then. So why shouldnt parents choose to teach their children to be responsible about their drug/alcohol usage? No one wants to be that junkie in the gutter, but that doesnt mean that one can never do any drugs or alcohol ever. Everything in moderation.		
My friend is addicted to alcohol and cocaine		If hes 25 now, what do you think his life expectancy is if he doesnt quit.		
Can you give me some advice On drugs and alcohol	Angelina R.		I turned 21 in December. Lets make that clear. Well, in my religion, drinking is a NO. My mom is really religious. But ever since I was 15 or 16, I decided that I didnt agree with my religion, or any other one. I couldnt tell my mom because shed FREAK. Ive had drinks before, and I LIKE it. But at the same time, I feel like Im doing something wrong. I cant drink without feeling guilty. I get sad. Which makes me drink more. I like alcohol, but I also dont. Im real scared Im going to become an alcoholic as I progress. And with drugs. I love the feeling of just chilling and smoking a cigarette, maybe two. I know its sooo bad for me and once again, if my mom finds out, she will KILL ME. (Im pretty good at hiding things.) Again, I like smoking, but I also dont. I know its all so bad for my health. I was raised to avoid these things but now that I am of age, it just all comes flying at me. I have the worst self-control in the universe, too. How can I control myself!? How can I limit to how much I smoke and drink? I dont want to become addicted. At all.	
What reasons can you suggest for teenagers choosing to take marijuana over alcohol or cigarettes		What reasons can you suggest for teenagers choosing to take marijuana over alcohol or cigarettes?		
Whats the difference between alcoholic and drunkaholic		can some1 explain (in english) and then i have to translate those in my mother tongue.		
Do you feel that alcohol is the answer to get over a break up		Do you guys and girls feel thats the best way to get over somebody. If not what do you do?		
Heroin versus alcohol		Im just curious guys as to what the high on heroin is like in comparison with alcohol.Ive never used but Im really curious.Id imagine that being high on heroin isnt about chatting women and dancing and all that nightclub scene but I dont know.Id imagine heroin is more about being miles above on top of the opium cloud away from every stress in life.Its probably more like cannibas than alcohol really.I dont know.Id love to hear back from a user or someone whod been through it and come out the other side.		
Im dating an alcoholic and I dont want to be a co-dependent or an enabler. I want whats best for him, help.		Im dating a "sober" alcoholic, he was sober for almost 2 years but he just recently relapsed due to stress from work. Its not bad, its just a beer every once in awhile, but I know thats how it starts. Hes been in the hospital 4 times for it before and his body cant take another bender so this needs to stop before that happens. I could really use some advice on how I can help him get back on the right track. Weve been dating for only 4 months but have known each other for 2 years, hes 32 and Im only 22. Hes is the most amazing and genuine person Ive ever met and I care for him dearly, so hopefully you can see my dilemma. I want to show him that I care but I dont want to give him too much support, I know with addicts youre supposed to show tough love in some situations but Im very sweet and shy and I have a hard time with stuff like that. He has stopped going to his AA meetings because hes so busy, Ive offered to go with him several times and I ask him if hes been going but that doesnt work. Hes a co-founder of his own business, and he feels like he needs to do everything or it wont get done. His work has offered to keep paying him even while he finds help for his addiction so hes entering into an out patient program, but he even seems to be putting that off. I dont know, Im just scared for him is all, and selfishly Im scared for our relationship. Please, any advice on dating an alcoholic will help us, Ive never experienced this before.		
Why do people separate drugs from alcohol when alcohol is a drug		I dont understand why a lot of people think there is a difference between drugs and alcohol when alcohol is one of the most addicting substances available. Alcohol is widely abused and people seem to turn the other cheek and say "well he/she just likes to drink and have a good time". While when a person is known for using drugs they are usually condemned and called a drug addict or a drug user. To me there is no difference between the two and the fact that someone can go home and have a drink and society excepts it just shows me how hypocritical most people are. So why is this the case, if alcohol and cigarettes kill more people than all drugs combined why do some except that they are o.k. meanwhile at the same time they think that drugs are evil???		
My boyfriend is an out of work alcoholic, should I stay with him		I have been with my boyfriend now for nearly 4 years and he has always struggled with alcohol. Despite being in several rehab and hospital units he has always gone back to the drink. I work around 80 hours a week but he wont work even when he gives up the booze, his last attempt being fairly recently for approximately 8 months. I feel so depressed because of this, the empty promises, the seizures and his sheer lack of energy have sent me into a deep depression which I feel unable to keep under control. To make things worse I also have addiction problems, Bulimia Nervosa and Alcohol related problems which are made worse by his negative attitude. I really need someone to support me but unless I pay all the rent and bills, and keep the house clean, nothing gets done. When I mention to my partner, even when he wasnt drinking, that I think he should get a job, he gets angry and calls me a nag. He recently began drinking again because I couldnt keep up with college studies and refused to go to the open day for a University course. I told him I how tired out from work I was that day and that because he wasnt working there would be no way that I could support myself for 3 years, even with a bursary. This sent him into a rage and he began drinking again, I think as a punishment to me, but since then he has told me he drank because he was so depresses and could no longer see a future for our lives. I feel fed up with working every weekend and all week, 15 hour shifts and Ive just recently had a total breakdown. I feel suicidal, Im so upset about losing out on my course and I had already been accepted by one University. Now all I see for myself is work and I feel so cheated on in life. I have no idea how to get out of this situation I have created for myself. Actually its just a relief to write it all down as Im so full of anger and bitterness and hurt. Has anyone got any suggestions for me on how I could improve my life, I would be so grateful.		
My mom is an alcoholic...... :(		hi Im 14, and ever since my parents got a divorce (7 years ago), my mom has been an alcoholic. It has affected my life a lot.... I am really mature for my age, I feel like I raised myself and I feel like Im a mother to my own mom and Ive also developed an anxiety problem and sleep insomnia. She isnt the kind of drunk that goes to bars till 4 in the morning and comes home passing out and throwing up. She is a functional drunk, she drinks by herself in her room throughout the whole day and she is still able to carry out everyday tasks like doing bills, talking on the phone, etc. But when she drinks, she isnt my mom anymore. She is this completely different person, she gets really mean and angry and ALWAYS tries to pick fights with everyone in the family, it is miserable. She starts acting like a child and I feel like I cant have a normal conversation with her.I know a lot of you will say, "try talking to her, tell her how much it hurts you when she drinks" well for any of you who know what its like to have an addict in the family knows that does not work. She is emotionally AND physically addicted to it, me talking to her will do NOTHING. I also have an older brother and sister, and Im extremely close to them, and my mom got remarried a few years ago, all of us are hurting because of her problem. But she wont admit she has a problem and she is the most stubborn person I have ever met in my life. And it just hurts so much because when she is sober, she is such a wonderful person. I feel like I have a mom when she isnt drunk, I love my mom SO much but I absolutely HATE what she has become. and we dont get along, we basically hate each other. So today I moved in with my dad and im going to see my mom on the weekends because I need to get away from her, I cant handle it anymore, I need to relax and stop worrying about her and I told my mom that, but being away from her makes me feel worse, I am worrying about her nonstop, I cant stop crying, I cant handle the thought of her being unhappy,she is killing herself, she is letting alcohol take over her life and its taking over the rest of my family :( She is also a type 1 diabetic and she smokes cigarettes. I dont want her to die :( please someone tell me what to do? sorry this is so long..	Additional Details guys, Trying to get a FUNCTIOL alcoholic to a rehab is much harder because they think that since they can carry out day to day activities without showing any signs of intoxication that they dont have a problem, they are in much deeper denial	
Tips on working with teenagers who are addicted to drugs and alcohol		I am a substance abuse counselor and would like information on what would be some ways to help adolesants deal with the reasons they would use drugs and alcohol.		
Should I leave my alcoholic/addict boyfriend		I have been with my boyfriend for 1.5 years. We have been best friends since the 3rd grade. He has a history of Meth addiction, but went to rehab and hasnt touched it since. Throughout our relationship his drinking has gotten worse. He drinks every night till he is black out drunk in order to sleep. He tells me he wants help. So, we came to the agreement he would not drink hard alcohol Monday through Thursday. However, he could drink beer and wine on those days. He has not been able to accomplish this goal for the past year. He has given me every excuse and argument of why this is ok. He states he is a grown man in his own apartment, and I need to stop ruining his good time. I finally left because I realized this was way out of my control. He begged for me back and said he would get rehab. However, He claims there is a waiting list for the rehab. Meanwhile I have waited for almost two months now and he has only gotten worse. During our break, he got himself a marijuana license and started smoking weed on a regular basis. I asked him to throw away the marijuana license and he refuses. Now his ex-girlfriend that he used to smoke meth with is conveniently back in his life but claims it is just platonic. What do I do? He claims he wants a future with me, but my instincts say I am getting played. Help?		
How can someone be an alcoholic but not have it be maladaptive			My best friend s mother was an alcoholic and drug addict. My friend clearly inherited the alcoholism. The odd part is that shes not affected by it. In psychology class we were taught disorders are only a problem if they are maladaptive to your life (affecting it negatively), and besides the obvious affect it will end up having on her health, shes operating just fine. shes held down several waitress positions since she was 16 years old, full time, and has never been fired. Shes also always moved in to head waitress position where shes worked within mere months. she supports herself and her lifestule well, and is never late or has to take off work, despite that she drinks from the moment her shift ends to like 4 am the next day. even if she has to go in hung over after only two hours sleep, she without fails rises to the occasion. Its affected her relationships, in that she can really only ever stay friends with people who drink like she does (or date ppl who drink like her) but to her its not a problem. she really doesnt mind. I guess my question is, would this be alcoholism or just plain being a drunk? How is it possible its not affecting her work. Im not judging her, Im fascinated by it, actually. Thats why the question.	
Are these mind games my alcoholic ex is playing		I split with my husband recently, we were together for 15 years, he is an alcoholic. When we split I told him I couldnt put up with his drinking, his blaming me for his drinking and his not coming home, having all night benders regularily and then again blaming me for not wanting to come home. So we split and he wanted to fix everything, he admitted being wrong and treating me badly and that he promised that he would NEVER hurt me like that again. I said from the start that I wouldnt even think about being with him again until he stopped drinking, we had been through years of promising to cut back, or drink light or not go out etc etc and nothing changed, it only got worse. We have two kids and they were having to see his drunken behaviour and his anger and they were increasingly upset with his not coming home. So since we have split he has cut back but is still drinking, he says he cant give up without me and if I dont take him back now then he has no reason to give up. I cant take him back, I know he will keep drinking, but he is so convincing and I know he is hurting and I feel very bad for him but he is telling our kids he wants to come home but it is up to me. He is very angry now and I feel responsible for this. He gets very down and says he cant live without me, then he will tell me he will be fine if I want to move on. I am trying to do what is right for me and my kids, but how do I know I am making the right decisions for them, when he is telling me he will be a fantastic husband and dad but i have to let him back in because that is the only way I will see? I dont want to do the wrong thing and wreck my kids lives. Thankyou.		
Is sectioning an alcohol possible		My boyfriends mother is an alcoholic in denial. Shes 63 years old and doesnt think she has a problem. Hes worried about her as when shes drunk shes fallen over lots, cut her head, broke her arm, sometimes shes too drunk to get upstairs or to make it to the toilet. Hes going to talk to her GP about it, but was also wondering if its possible to get her sectioned? Her sister has been sectioned for alcoholism a few years ago, but Im not sure if things have changed now. Any information will be helpful, thanks.	Additional Details Just yes isnt the answer I was looking for, Im looking more more detail as how to do this. As online its all about people who are aware they have an alcohol problem. Wed never let her do it at home, as its not as secure as getting her into a sort of rehab centre where she cant go to the shop and get alcohol. Great advice Lindsay, appreciate it, thanks. The only relative she has is my boyfriend, his brother and sister. The brother doesnt care, the sister isnt competent and my boyfriend has a job, so cant stay with her. So trying to get her into a rehab centre will help. Definitely taking Lindsays advice. Thanks Lindsay.	
Why do I gain A LOT of weight after drinking a moderate amount of alcohol		This is very frustrating. I have noticed that whenever I drink more than 1 or 2 alcoholic beverages, my weight seems to shoot up by at least 3 - 4 lbs. Sometimes its up to 6 or 7 lbs. Not only does the scale say it but my clothes feel tighter too. And I work out moderately to heavily for an hour 5 days a week, and my calorie intake is not excessive. Around 1500 a day. The drinks that I have are almost always vodka (unflavored, so there are no extra calories that way) with light juice (50 calories per cup) or diet soda (obviously 0 cals). This especially happens if I drink more than a couple drinks more than one night a week. Does ANYONE have ANY explanation for this? Is it bloating? But I thought alcohol makes you LOSE water and dehydrated, not retain it?? :( I have struggled with my weight and body image for years and this really bothers me. Im not addicted to alcohol, I can go without it and I noticed that after I went for almost two months with only drinking one time (I prob had like 4 drinks though) I lost about 6 lbs. I like to have drinks every so often, and this is really a pain in the butt >.<		
HELP, TO MUCH CALORIES IN ALCOHOL MADE ME FAT!			Ok guys, i am going to try and explain my problem in as much detail as i can, i am a 22 year old male, im around 58 59 in height, and im seriously overweight, it all started when i was like a teenager, i got in to drinking, but my problem was deeper than all my friends, i became in my mind addicted to alcoholic, but not an alcoholic, meaning i dont physically need it i dont get with draw symptoms, but with my life style, and being unemployed for the past 5 years ive basically got nothing to do every day appart from drink and sit around my house hating myself, last time i weight myself was at a friends house on some shitty scales, and if i can remeber it said something like, 16 witch i think meant 16 stone, that was when i was 21, also yesterday i got a measuring take and put it at the lower end of my tummy, kinda hips..and it said 43, and then i did it around my beer belly, like bellybutton area, it said 44, and the top end of my thigh, witch was 25, so the few questions i need to know is, 1.am i obeese or just over weight? 2.whats the best and quickest way to loose this beer belly, and surrounding fat, bare in mind guys, i cant just drop drinking i can possibly but it down but cant remove it from my life	
I really want to know about alcohol...		icks...I want to know if anyone else has ever been to aa back in the 1990s or 1980s? If so have you ever noticed that the alcoholics back then are almost seemingly a different breed than the alcoholics of today? I used to go to aa all kinds back in the mid 1990s and I drank like a fish. The other day I bounced in there and everyone looked different from the drunks of old. It was like they were a different breed-cleaner, healthier looking, more upper class. What is the deal with that? Am I crazy or has anyone else noticed this? I saw this hot chick in there that I know from back in my youth. She used to be a stuck up straight edged girl, and now she is a raging drunkard?? What is going on here? Military is the same way. I was in the Army in the 1990s. I went to check it out a few mo ago, maybe to reenlist. All of a sudden I no longer fit the bill. I couldnt pass the physical requirements. I know that may be attributed to old age, but it baffles me how I could do something a decade ago and now I dont cut the mustard. Pisses me off!		
I have an Alcoholic boyfriend and I dont know what to do anymore			I am 21 and I have a boyfriend who is 27. He has two beautiful kids and an ex wife. He married young and sepperated after the birth of there 2nd child. His sepperation and not being around his kids led him to depression and anxiety. He turned to alcohol for help... and 2 years later.. He continues the same. I met him 2yrs ago and we both thought it was love at 1st sight. After meeting one another we rapidly bcame bf & gf. couple months later he brakes up w/me... bcuz he didnt want to hurt me and wasnt ready. We left it as that... but we always kept in touch. We were on an off and of coarse I was still in love with him. His alcolism problem was bad when i was with him.. He would drink too much when we would go out and if there were fights around he would get involve. After our brake up his drinking and excessive clubing and bar hopping would be controlled from time to time. But he always fell right back to his depression. He cant seem to let go of his past and that is when he hits the beer once again. 2years later, I am still in love with him. We recently became bf & gf once again. but he is going through that depression once again. He tells me he wants to change for me & he loves me and wants to start a new begininng. its been 5days in a row of non stop drinking, no sleep, no eating... Ive been there and so has his mother. I try to stay away, but I cant bcuz I care about him. I dont want to give up on him but I am only 21. I attend college f/t and work f/t... & my concentration levels are fading. I am depressed and I cannot continue like this forever. I jst dont want to give up on him... but I think its best I start to stay away from him...? & i understand some1 wont change unless they want to, but its hard. they need motivation and love ffrom ppl to get through it. I dealt with a drug addict brother for 7 yrs. & til this day my fam & i have not given up on him Hes my brother though... & I would do anything for him... and now I am choosing to live this life w/my bf.? :( Its hard & I no longer know what to do.	
Should there be an Alcoholics Anonymous for R/S addiction  Minus the God emphasis of course.		Or perhaps, an atheist RSA and others for different kinds of theists. Dont want to get all mired down with another endless debate before we even get the thing started.		
Can a person drink alcohol after recovery for an unrelated drug additction			My friend just got out of rehab for Suboxone and crack cocaine abuse about a month ago after checking in voluntarily having realized he needed help (Suboxone was the primary problem, the crack was just a drug he did in tandem with it.) . Hes been really good about staying away from both as well as the people who facilitate his abusive behavior so far. Weve gone to the bars a few times since or had some beers at my place with no noticeable problems on his end about cravings. However, his father called me and told me I need to stop drinking with him entirely, for good, or he will do his best to separate the two of us<SEMCOL> saying that as an addict the alcohol will lead him either back to those drugs or to alcoholism. Were both 21 and college students so hes not a minor that can be forcibly controlled by his parents, but in the same right his father is doing what he thinks he needs to to keep his son safe. I am skeptical about whether he really should never drink again, or whether his father is operating under the assumption that my friend is simply unable to control any of his behavior and, in doing so, being overprotective. His father got the information about it from the former drug user that leads the family IOP meetings he attends having completed his voluntary rehabilitation. Unlike my friend who realized he had a problem before he ruined his life, this guy lost his family, friends, job, etc. and then went to rehab. He got out clean and sober and then relapsed one night after having 3 or so beers. So to me it seems like this person sees every member of his group as a worst case scenario of someone who hit rock bottom. I realize that he is talking from experience, but I also realize that not all drug users are the same, and that not all are so unable to control their impulses<SEMCOL> seeing as how my friend has had a few drinks so far with no desire to relapse. However, his father takes every possible piece of advice in any context as applicable to his sons own situation and demands that he not drink at all and that I refuse to drink with him entirely. Drinking is a bit of a ritual for us in that once or twice a month we get together and have a few beers down town or at one of our houses and just play video games or chat, so to stop entirely is completely possible, but not desirable on either end. Im just looking for professional advice or regular opinions on all this: Is it true that no drug addict should drink after rehabilitation under any circumstances even if alcohol was never a problem for them? If so, should they refrain from drinking for good or just take time away from it until their life is back in order? Should I refuse to drink with him at all? Am I in the wrong for thinking that he can drink without worrying about his former drug addiction? All responses are greatly appreciated, thanks.	
What do you do when a depressed alcoholic reaches out to you		I know a guy who has seriously abused his brain and body with drugs and alcohol. He doesnt take drugs anymore, but he still drinks. Not as much as he used to, but he still drinks too much. He moved to my town to live with his Mum and do some work for her. He has serious issues...hes a very troubled person who has experienced alot of grief throughout his short life. Hes in his mid-twenties. I used to think he was an idiot and a tool, but I have since realised that its not his fault, and that hes not always like that. Its like he puts up a wall of toolishness to hide the fact that hes so sad. He recently reached out to me. I had not spoken to him in months. I went and hung out with him and took a friend with me last night and he seemed happier, but his brain is still a little fried. He finds it hard to grasp sarcasm and struggles to keep up with intellectual conversations. What should I do? Should I try to subtly help him by showing him a life that doesnt revolve around Jager? I am going to ask a man about a job for him that he expressed interest in but I dont know what to do overall.		
Which Causes Less Brain Damage Over Time Benzodiazepines Or Alcohol		Im going on a date. I want to diminish some angst. I am wondering which is less addictive and less damaging over time: benzos or alcohol. Ive eaten quite a lot of ativan in my day. Ive drank maybe 30 times. Ive heard benzos can permanently change your brain over time, thus making you more anxious. Withdraw is bad too. Alcohol withdrawal is like a week whereas benzo is like a year. Im thinking benzos are far worse. What do you nipples think? Thanks		
Serious help, 14 years old and smoking/alcohol abuse!		My cousin is 14 years old, and hasnt told anyone but me about this. She told me over a message online. She said "well im addicted to smoking and drinking i have been meaning to tell u but i was to scared" .. This is serious. I dont want to rat her out. But is this terrible, or am i over reacting .. im a year younger than her and im not that stupid! What can i do!! Now shes telling me she isnt a virgin! HELP		
Have you gone to an Alcoholics Anonymous Group			I went to two meetings of two different groups connected with AA. I confess it was due to wanting a book they had. I saw it at work . I also thought I might find something out about the organization to make referrals. I do not know if I committed some dreadful social blunder by going there. I picked up a stalker, he appeared otj where I worked, then at one of those meetings and here. Took a chunk of my money from me which meant I could not get legal assistance, medical care, eye glasses, dental, etc. I am sure he was using a different name outside. Dyed his hair, too. I was already at poverty llevel before this. Now I have not the money for much of anything. I cannot even afford a proper diet to lose some wt. I think he did the same thing to me and my chidlren outside. Is that they way that group functions? They rob the poor to give to the rich. i lost my career due to this person before. I am not a criminal. I have always been lawabiding. IT is like these men hate me, have great pleasure in being anal, abusive, spiteful, vengeful...inflicting pain and abuse onto me. I meant no harm going to the meetings. I have no problem with alcohol.I realize that if you say that, they call it denial. I have no problem with chemical dependency. i have a weight problem,and have been addicted to cigarettes..which contain a drug called nicotine. i quit before moving here.. Did I commit a terrible sin by going to this meeting?	
My dad is addicted to drugs/alcohol and wont go to rehab, what do I do		Okay well Im 16 years old and an only child. We are about middle class but my parents give me rides and a 60$ a week allowance. My dad makes 80,000 a year and my mom only makes 45,000. So my dad has had addiction to marijuana and alcohol for 30 years (hes 54) and he wont even try to quit. He has been out of work with pay for about a year now (long story) so now he has all the time he wants to party. Its usually 2-3 times a week. He doesnt even leave the house though, he sits here by himself and gets drunk and stoned and then annoys me and my mom. On school nights hell go to bed, then get up and go talk to my mom while shes on the computer (shes on there sometimes til 1am) and it wakes me up because he talks so loud, and one time I got up to go to the bathroom and he was standing there naked, it was disgusting. Im sick of living like this but theres nothing I can do. My mom wont leave him because she was poor her whole life and would rather put up with his BS* than move out and be broke again. Im at the point where even when hes sober I have so much resentment to him that im extremely rude all the time. Im super nice to my mom and everyone else, but I just hate how he doesnt even care how it affects me. And today when I tried talking NICELY to him he just told me to go **** myself. Im sick of being called a lazy useless pig. I do appreciate the allowence and rides to school but I cant live like this anymore. I told him he can never talk to me again and all he does is threaten to take away my allowence and rides to school, and what good will that do me. I dont know what to do? I feel so unloved by my mom that she would choose a paycheck over me. I cry all the time and im constantly put down.		
I feel sick when drunk and out of alcohol, but not when im drunk and still have it.			so, ive noticed that no matter what state of "drunk" im in, i feel bad when i run out of alcohol, but i can get hammered, and as long as i have 1 beer left, i feel fine.I dont drink often, so im not addicted. I only feel bad when i have my eyes open, or focus on something, anyone has any idea why?	
What is my exact situation when it comes to alcohol		Ok so heres the situation. I love to drink Pale Ale but I have wondered exactly what is addiction? When I am away from home I have absolutely ZERO thoughts about beer but when I get home I really want to have one or two. Since I have started working out I have said no beer at all during the week since I am hitting the gym. The other day I was not going to go to the gym the next day so I had a couple beers. Sometimes I feel I really want the beer but if I do not have any I will not get any (since it is not good for me anyway). I have though am I addicted? But at the same time I have a bottle of Hennessy VSOP right next to me but I am not tempted to touch it AT ALL. Do I just have a really strong craving to beer or is it the alcohol? Im so confused because I can say no at any time but if there is a reason NOT to say no im fine with having a beer or two. By the way the VSOP was a gift and I had some a few weekends ago but havent touched it since.		
Is it possible to become physically addicted to alcohol, but not be an alcoholic		Heres my problem... I have been sober a year now, and looking back Im starting to think my drinking was caused by suppressing emotions for years. I go to AA and I feel like I dont completely fit in because I cant relate to having any compulsions to drink or drug like many of these men/women do on a regular basis. Yes, my life has changed drastically for the better in the last year. Im healthy, physically fit, have hobbies, and have a lot more patience than ever<SEMCOL> but Im starting to think that I may be able to drink like a normal person. On the other hand, is this my addiction talking to me? I know many people who read this will be thinking if my life has changed so much then why even entertain the thought of drinking again? I know what people in AA will tell me, but Im looking for responses from people in the medical field. Thanks, James		
I need advice from other wives who have lived with alcoholic/addicted husbands. We have been married 30 years		Weve been married for 30 years and have 3 kids, but it has become unbearable. I want to leave but feel guilty. It is an unhealthy household for everyone including him because everyone is always angry with him for letting them down. He just isnt ready to face up to his problem and really do something about it. I am unhappy and tired of trying to deal with his issues. He is not the same person and neither am I. We cant even communicate anymore. Should I stay or should I go?		
I dont enjoy anything without alcohol		Im a 27 year old male from Iowa. I started drinking fairly heavily around age 13 and it has progressed through the years. By age 21 to 24 I was drinking around 40 beers and a bottle of vodka almost daily. That amount has diminished tremedously with periods of sobriety that last about 6 months with no drug or alcohol intake in between periods of sobriety. Right now, my intake is around 12-16 beers per week. I have been to AA and talked to therapists on several different occasions on my own recognizance. Ive also had court mandated classes Ive had to take because Ive had two OWIs and currently have an ignition interlock device in my truck. Anytime it seems like I have something to do like, mow the lawn, go to the gas station, go to walmart, go to the bookstore, get on the computer, concerts, parties, or anything in general. I truly feel like I have to drink. Consequences dont seem to matter anymore...Drinking has led me to do cocaine, meth, pot, pills, heroin, and basically any anything else in front of me. Although, I am not addicted to any drugs, which I dont do often. I feel as though I am also addicted to sex which has fueled to ruin many good relationships Ive had due to my erratic and unpredictible behaviour. To the average eye, I am a clean and healthy-normal person that is always happy and there when help is needed or there is work to be done or just a person to confide in. I want to be a good person and I was tired of living a lie so I told my friends and family about my multiple addictions. I just dont get any confidement in talking to either because they dont understand the addiction because they dont understand it or the things I have done. I am at a complete loss. I dont know what to do...Religious affiliations are not an option for me as I am looking for more straight forward and to the point advice. Like I said, Im only 27 and I know some people may have had the same scenario happen to them. Some people would say dont drink at all. I will get to that point someday. My problem is deeper though, as I really dont enjoy ANYTHING unless Ive had a few drinks. New hobbies, music, or relaxtion tips, or anything you think would help...Sorry for a long and drawn out post...Im looking for more advice than an answer, I suppose.		
What can i say to my alcoholic boyfriend that will let him know he needs to choose between me or the alcohol		We have been together for 4 years and it has only gotten worse over time. We are both only 18 and he drinks every night and he drinks ALOT.. which usually always leads to us getting into an argument and alot of the time it gets physical. When hes drunk he gets really delusional and tends to make up things in his mind like how i would be sleeping with another guy, even though i am with him EVERY night so idk how that would be possible.. Sometimes he even damages my stuff.. Ive gone through 4 phones that he has destroyed, hes broken 3 of my purses, vandalised my car, and alot of little things have been broken. I cant afford to keep repairing and replacing all these things. I love him so much and i know he has potential but idk how to help him if he doesnt want to help himself. Im lost, and i really need some advice. I need to know what i can say to him or what i should do.		
Cannabis (Weed) vs. Alcohol		Now, my opinion is already biased, but I just want the publics opinion. Its been an age old debate, and there really is never going to be a solid answer, but we can create an opinion and a plan for each. I started smoking weed earlier this year, and I love it. Many alcohol users claim that stoners are just lazy and boring. I beg to differ, I become very very energetic and fun when I am high. I was flirting with some girls in town when I was baked, and I havent even kissed a girl! (Im 14, btw. Thats pathetic, huh?) Also, becoming intoxicated should not be a social activity, unless youre going to have a nice little stoner circle. I understand that some people drink to be social, but really, all you are doing is drinking to become someone you are really not. When I am high, all I do is laugh, joke, eat, and have a great time. Alcoholics may do the same, but what happens when you chug a 40 too fast? You pass out, you throw up, or you get so hammered to the point where you cant even remember your name or gender. But maybe youll drink a little and you might hook up with what is now the love of your life. Anything can happen in this world of ours. In my opinion, it doesnt matter if you drink or blaze, as long as you have the right mindset. No, you can not get physically addicted to alcohol or cannabis, but you CAN become mentally addicted, but you can become mentally addicted to absolutely anything. The only way you can become addicted to cannabis is if you use it to self medicate yourself, because you dont know any other way to cope with your problems. Same goes for alcohol. From a health viewpoint, if cannabis is used in a certain way, it can have zero negative health effects, in fact, it has anti-carcinogens, which reduce the chances of cancer in the body. Alcohol has alternate method of ingestion, so health problems are unavoidable, but only if you drink in excess. As for the social effects of cannabis, you usually become lazy and you only want to eat, but thats usually if you have a body high. If you have a head high, you should become energetic and euphoric. You become loving and adventurous. From what Ive seen, alcohol can make you energetic and fun to be with, but in excess, it can make you violent and you can pass out in very random and dangerous public places. Many alcohol users will also throw up if they drink too much, because once you become drunk to a certain point, you have crossed the point of no return, and you just want to drink more and more and more. You no longer have any self control, and you can drink yourself dead. This does not happen with weed, as you have full control over bodily functions and motor skills, so it is impossible to smoke yourself to death or to the point of passing out or puking. Also, it is not humanly possible to overdose on cannabis, while it is very easy to over drink and have liver failure. This is my biased opinion, so please, feel free to rant your opinion. LET THE FLAME WARS, BEGIN!	Additional Details When I say weed can be used in a different way, I mean by vaporization or by baking into foods like brownies, cookies, firecrackers, etc... Hey, the Robb. Alright, Im sorry for slipping up on the withdrawal fact. But I dont do it because its cool, I do it because its fun and relaxing. I actually dont smoke with any more than 1-2 people. I actually smoke by myself a lot. Hey, Carson. The point I was trying to make was that becoming heavily intoxicated while at a party isnt really a great decision. I dont want to be dancing around somebody who is throwing up and cant even stand up straight. Hey, Phil. Now, Im guessing youre an oldtimer. Or at least at the age of 35+. I can understand why you would have friends and family who would seem messed up from smoking pot, because they smoke and smoke and smoke and smoke non-stop, until theyre retarded (Not literally, obviously). And chances are, pot wasnt the only thing he was on. And I already pointed out the mental addiction. Maybe he was depressed and couldnt cope with his issues any other way. Its always the quiet ones, you know. Hey, furrytom. I understand that you can throw up from smoking too much, but that is from smoking. There are other methods for using cannabis, like cooking it into foods and vaporizing it, both of which are perfectly healthy. Only a the dumb would allow their minds to be consumed by the feeling of intoxication. Im actually vowing to not use weed from May 1st, through to May 30th, to prove that I do not need it. Hey, Mike. Im sorry to hear about that, and I like how you used a real example of what alcohol can make people do. Maybe if your father was a stoner, he wouldve played with your dog instead. Hey, ForeverSuspended. LEGALIZE IT!! 4/20 WOOO!!! :D Haha, but really, just saying that pot is better isnt going to win a debate, but I like your standpoint.	
Working With Drug Addicts And Alcoholics			Is there a job I can go to college for that involves working to help/understand drug addicts and alcoholics? I know about working at rehabs and stuff, but I would love to go to college for something in this field... I dont even know if this is making sense haha.. Are their counselors that go to college for this or something? My mom is an alcoholic and drug addict, and I have experimented with alcohol and drugs. This stuff really interests me. So is there something I could go to college for this type of thing? Thankyou to those who help :)	
My ex is an attorney and active alcoholic in COMPLETE denial. We share a son. What should I do			I am in a real tricky situation. I live in a small town, in Iowa, where my ex practices as a attorney. We were only engaged when I had our son and broke up,due largely to his alcohol abuse, before ever having been married. However, we have nothing in writing regarding custody. As bad as that sounds I couldnt afford an attorney and no one would represent me any way being that would be a conflict of interest against my ex. I realize I would need to find a out of town lawyer but again money is tight. Over the years we have had ups and downs getting along largely because of his erratic mood swings. He takes our son only once a week and OCCASIOLLY overnight,like maybe 5 times per year. That is a big reason why I dont pursue any thing because its better our son sees him less often than more,as sad as that sounds. Oh when he picks him up hes wonder dad and our son thinks hes wonderful but Im watching this man deteriorate from either just alcohol or something more. He has had severe weight loss and I have people contacting me asking "whats wrong with him , he looks like he has cancer." I also hear he gets kicked out of bars because of his temper and vile behavior. There are days hes extremely hyper and others where he is emotionally removed or indifferent. I am a non practicing nurse, now married and at home mom with a small business ran from home. As a nurse I know he is mentally unstable and while he is good with our son ONE day a week[and that is usually while in the midst of his sisters and mom] I dont trust his emotional stability to hold around our son forever. He has had horrible rage fits with me over the phone over the smallest of things, and constantly threatens me with court although hes never specific as to what he thinks he would gain out of it. After the legal threats and verbal abuse over the phone[your a liar,your crazy,you make me sick, ]he talks to me later like nothing ever happened.Some times he claims he doesnt remember having that conversation YET hell turn around and call me delusional and crazy. He DOES however seem to know his limitations which I feel is why he takes our son so little. This whole situation walks a fine line. I do feel our son shouldnt be in his care ALONE because I dont know if hes using drugs etc. Is there anything I can do, even though I have many witnesses with his alcohol abuse or is it still just my word against his? He can pull so many of his lawyer strings how can I fight him? If I even bring up something that I feel is a concern directly to him he goes ballistic! Will me fighting him bring more harm than good? I didnt sign up to be a psychologist when dealing with this man so I am running out of patience every time I am verbally attacked because of something he doesnt want to hear. Hes a ticking time bomb and I dont want our son to suffer because of it. [I would ask his family for help but they also have alcohol issues and are in complete denial of it.]	
How can i raise my confidence without alcohol consumption		I used to use Alcohol as a motivator to bring up my confidence when it came to approaching women and be abit more physical when it came to flirting. Now ive had to stop drinking because im trying to get rid of my facial acne and with this new treatment, ive have to cut out alcohol. Now its only been a month and i admit ive had afew slip up and it has been quiet difficult for me since im addicted to the feeling after doing it for 6 months. Now ive had afew short kiss from women but they werent great, because of the situation i got into. Just want abit of advise how i can suck it up and dont being shy when it comes to physical contact.	Additional Details Though good advise but im already my ideal weight at the moment and do have muscle but im just not fully committed to it. I guess i could but ive been doing that for the past two years.	
Whats up with college students and alcohol		Ok, Title says it all, this is my 4th year of college and Ive never drunk alcohol in my life. I dont see anything morally wrong with it, but I just dont get why most others do. I mean real life is SO much more than getting drunk at a party and having a good time. These people always say "oh well I dont drink because everyone else does it." Yeah right...I mean if all of a sudden EVERY SINGLE PERSON IN THE WORLD thought that drinking alcohol was stupid and "uncool," and 2% milk had replaced it as the "thing to drink," I guarantee that 95% of these people would be drinking 2% milk. And I realize that there are people that enjoy a beer and would not change, (theres nothing wrong with that) but that percentage is extremely minute. So what do you think?		
My mom is an alcoholic		We made plans to spend time on Mothers day and decided it would be better for her to come to my house and come tonight, so we could spend the whole day together. But of course, I get a call from my sister and shes crying because they cant come over. Why? Because my mom is too drunk to drive. I cant pick her up because I dont have a car right now. She got drunk with her roommate, but her roommate has nothing to do, hes going to bed so he could drink. She HAD plans and now theyre ruined. And shell probably be hungover and come here late tomorrow and I almost want to tell her not to bother. Recently she was boasting about how great of a mom she was to a kid with a drug addicted mom, yeah... great you kicked drugs twenty years ago but you still have an alcohol problem. I spent all day waiting for her and cleaning for her to come over and its just so hurtful that she always does this.	Additional Details I know if I confront her she wont listen and she will just tell me theres nothing wrong with a few beers... um sure, maybe SOMETIMES but why couldnt she have waited until she got to my place?	
PLEASE!what happens when taking lorezapam with alcohol		my father is an alcholic.last year he contracted fowlers gangreen.he almost died.I nursed him back to health and he left again and went back to drinking.They prescribed him lorezapam for anxiety and he is now addicted to that as well.Im a home health aide and i know doing a combination of both can cause death.I am worried the gangreen will come back and i will lose him.He barely eats,he only drinks beer and takes his pills. On top of it, he is on antibiotics for a cold...but since hes drinking they arent helping.His blood pressure is on the low side with a high pulse and high respirations. I would greatly appreciate it if someone could give me some more information on this subject. Thank You	Additional Details thank you for your help. yes he has been prescribed 2 mg of lorezapam and then 25 mcg of levothyroxine.i have tried to get him help,he is so stubborn he just wont listen.its very sad but im just tryin to stay positive in some way.	
Why do people feel they need to drink alcohol do the endorphins get dependant on alcohol			how not drinking alcohol...allows your brain to produce endorphins on its own? and why alcohol seems to stimulate endorphins..but then later feels like you are down after? and how common this? why people feel the need to drink any from beginning? and if they just sat it out and tried to concentrate..would their brain produce happy , relaxed feelings again? how drinking alcohol is like an illusion maybe?	
Mixing Oxycotton and Alcohol		My dad is very ill. he drinks alot and it is making his brain shrink. he will slowly get worse and be paraliezed soon because they wont do surgery on him unless he quits smoking and drinking. he wont, and he also snorts his medication, which is OxyCotton and i think other stuf too (the oxycotton is burning holes in his skull). im 14, love my dad so much, but idk what to do.. . my sister says he will die soon if he keeps it up. he already has to use a cain becasue of him becoming paralized..WHAT DOES ALCOHOL + SNORTING DRUGS DO TO YOU? WILL HE DIE QUICKER?		
When can i take Xanax after drinking alcohol		i took 1mg xanax at noon tuesday and started drinking 9 hours later. how long after the last drink do i have to wait to take more xanax?		
How do illegal drugs and alcohol affect those with bipolar with psychosis		The person self medicates with alcohol and drugs (usually m-cat and ecstasy pills). She used to be on abilify but refused to take it after making her mood worse and increased thoughts of suicide and self harm. How would the alcohol and drugs affect someone with bipolar with psychsis?		
Why do people think alcohol and drugs are bad		it does not make sense.... there will always be poor people that dont make it, there will always be smart people that do... there will always be drugs, and there will always be addicts no matter what..... when will people stop hating on drugs and realize that its the people that abuse them that are the problem?.......... its kinda like guns<SEMCOL> drugs dont hurt people, people hurt themselves. drug dealers dont force people to buy their stuff. and either way our own government is selling drugs (alcohol, tobacco, and pills)...... and fast food is still legal, obesity kills more people than cocaine, weed, and shrooms put together........ So yea drugs are not bad people are.... when will the government stop wasting money on the war against drugs and let me have fun,, im going to make sure this happens someday and you all should too.		
Alcoholic advice or help		Hi and thank you all for reading I hope someone out there can help me, Ive been drink since I was 13 years old Im now 29 tHe drinking has been pretty heavy for the last 5 or 6 years I dont drink everyday Im more of a binge drinker ill get through between 12 and 16 pints of snake bite (Cider and larger mixed) when I do drink and its pretty uniform every couple of days or so, I havent had a drink in 15 days but Im about to have one now, over the past 15 days through will power Ive avoided drink completely but the want for it has been eating away at me all the time and I can no longer take feeling like this so Im giving in but I dont want to go back to drinking every couple of days again my DR has told me ive scarred my liver and that scares the hell out of me. But the fear still wont counter act the craving for booze! When Im drunk I imagine how I want things to be and its like that for fills my needs in some way, I dont get out the house at all socially because of social phobia, that by the way disappears when Im drunk but I end up doing stupid things and saying things I dont mean so I left my friendship circle. When I drink its like all hope is restored but only when Im drunk its like I live in two worlds if that makes any sense, the normal sober world where I feel like there is something missing, and the drunk world where I feel like I have everything when obviously I do not, have any of you out there ever gone through this? Or are going through it right now? If this were something inside me Id have a operation to take it out but its how I feel and I want to stop wanting it does that make sense? Its like Im being tormented by it I know how much better I am without booze every part of my life is better but that want or need I have for booze just will not leve me alone! What can I do to make it go away? Is there anything? Im 27 stone and Ive been living off 1000 calories a day for a month so its not like I dont have will power but my will power has its limits I can only resist booze for so long, and even though I see how its holding me back its soul destroying when Im at the limit of resistance and try to push beyond it, I really would love to lose all my weight and be completely dry find a special someone and settle down but I just cant see it happening because Im stuck in the grip of alcohol. Im at my wits end why wont this relationship I have with booze go away? Why is my will power not enough to kill it? Thanks for reading guys/gals, any input that might help will be very appreciated		
Can you burn your mouth/tongue from Alcohol		Soo yesturday i drank (all day kinda) and the vodka had been im my HOT bedroom for a whilee.. i remember when drinking it like burned in my mouthh when i drank it (i was sippin it/taking shots out of the bottle) Soo this morning i was chewing gum, and it burnedd like hell! Never felt like tha before felt like my tongue and mouth were on fire!! Plus, im already sick, soo my thraot already hurts and of corse hurted moree.. And this morning when i was eating breakfast my throat still hurt, my mouth just a little bitt... What the heck is wrong??!! lol		
Never drank alcoholic beverages		Have you never had a beverage that contains alcohol? How old are you? Why have you never drank alcohol, given its prevalence and acceptance in American Culture? How has this decision affected your life, for good, for bad? All opinions are welcome.		
Do you know of people who say they dont take drugs or alcohol but take		Over the counter drugs like Benadrel(as a sleep aid) on a frequent basis?Or prescription drugs. Is this not the worst kind of addict,one who doesnt acknowledge he is one?		
Is my brother addicted to alcohol 		My brother enjoy clubbing and drinking with his friend.he would always come home at morning..He even scolded vulgarities at policeman when he was drunk...My brother had promise my mum that he would quit drinking but he still continue drinking..		
What is the treatment for alcohol and drugs				
How do you tell if someone is an alcoholic or alcohol addict		Ok so I was wondering if there were any guidlines per say on what makes someone an alcoholic. My dad gets drunk alot and its tearing apart m family. My parents are already in counseling and its not helping.		
Alcohol use and serotonin levels		Is it possible that a depressed person could raise serotonin levels by increased alcohol use? I am not suggesting this is a healthy method, just curious if anyone has any proof of alcohol actually decreasing depression. I also realize alcohol is classified as a depressant...just looking for valid and serious information. Thank you		
Would i be considered an alcoholic 		I know its a really dumb question but like ! When i do i go hardcore & drink & usally dont stop . & even if i dont drink alot would that be considered a problem ? So i drink not to often but i drink hardcore when i do ! would i be considered alcoholic ? & do most girls become slutty when they drink or is that just me ? LOL !		
Does this mean im addicted to alcohol hahahaha		i am a 20 year old male from the Canadian prairies and i was on this website about alcohol addiction symptoms and these were all there and all the ones i personally do myself: drinking alone/in secret, buying alcohol at different stores, drinking to releive anxiety or stress, blacking out on parts of the night even if i was alone hahaha, and having a certain time to start and getting irritated if you cant mine is 12 am on most nights and if people talk to you about your drinking you get irritated which i also do hahaha the thing is i drink and get drunk alone problalby 97 percent of the time and if it makes any difference my birth mom is an alcoholic, her mom and dad were and there mom and dad were so i can see a family history on that side lol and i tink about drinking almost every day and i dont care the day of the week i drink or get drunk or the time of day lol	Additional Details it also said on the website this problalby means your an alcoholic if you answer yes to more than one or two of these symptoms which i of course did! lol Joseph the Second: hahaha so what if i die before my mom? what happens happens, buddy hahahahahaha and that would be sweet if beer was at my funeral hahahaha!	
If an alcoholic is a person who is addicted to alcohol, what ........		........... type of -holic are you ??? .... are you a Yahooholic ? shopaholic ? chocoholic ??		
Is alcoholism really a disease				
Can someone abuse alcohol while still being unaddicted to it		Like, someone who drinks when they are depressed or something to cover it up, but they would be perfectly able to stop if they wanted to? And just so you know, I dont drink. Im just curious.		
Liver cleansed alcohol		if i had a good session or two over christmas , ( full bottle binge a couple of times ) will the liver be cleansed by first week in Feb. thanks .		
How much alcohol is addicting			I am 15 years old and i drank vodka once in this party i went to recently, i just had a peg for first time and then later on i went to drink a lot and it got all messy. can i be addicted to it? I drank like nearly a bottle. my friends do it, they drink beer and other stuffs. well i dont want to get into this right now so help plz?	
Why are people alcoholics 		i am 15 and i recently lost my dad and he was a alcoholic and i was just wondering why people become alcoholics and how do they become alcoholics ?? thanks !		
Which is worse, energy drinks or alcohol			I think its kind of funny how people will go all out saying how horrible Rockstar and Redbull are, yet I dont see half as many people saying anything against alcohol. Are energy drinks worse or are there just more people addicted to alcohol?	
Wait one minute - Can someone explain why we let the occupation with the highest rate of alcohol abuse			Wait one minute - Can someone explain why we let the occupation with the highest rate of alcohol abuse determine the alcohol law? This is like giving a method addict complete control the meths laws, this is an outrage! Its no secret, legal professional for the last decade (lawyers, judges, cops) have had the highest rates of alcohol abuse with staggering disparities compared to any other occupation. Is this some type of a joke? Is it really some "puzzle" as to why alcohol remains tolerable in the laws eyes? Its my opinion we need to redress justice, you cannot let a bunch of people establish law on their very own weakness. We cannot leave alcoholics in charge of alcohol policy, thats absurd. You cant expect the law to be based on objectivity when dealing with self interests. This is the society we live in, if you saw the disparities in alcoholism compared to other occupations, its staggering. Would it similarly be a great idea to let the Muslims set US terrorist policy now? Im sure theyd be on board. The law cannot remain unbiased if being dictated by the very proponents of such a law.	Additional Details Please do attack the MINOR 1 or 2 typos in my passage without answering the question, please do. In Mississippi its legal to drink and drive for Christ Sake, thats what happens when you let them set the law. They have no open container laws in MS, as long as youre within the drinking limit, you can have a beer while being pulled over, baseless. Lets allow alcoholics to set alcohol policy and make drugs such as marijuana illegal, please lets do it. An estimated 25% of the US population uses marijuana on a regular basis, lets label them all criminals is the solution, all while we sip J.D. All judges dont drink alcohol as all Muslims arent terrorists, the statement stands and is still valid.
What the chance of becoming an alcoholic	Dancer		When I was little, my parents would never drink.. And then the next thing I remember, I was about 10 when they started drinking. Just like Ive read, it gradually increased and now I hate it. My parents drink beer, nothing else unless its a special occasion and they drink wine. I stay out of the house as much as possible.. So I was wondering whats the chance of me becoming an alcoholic too??? Ive never drank any type of acohol, not even a sip. Ive always promised myself that I wouldnt do that to my kids and family.. Im a 16 year old girl, if that is useful to know. Thanks in advance.	
Is addiction to food/drug/alcohol ever seen in domestic pets		Ok, I have a problem controlling my food intake/sweets, etc, (I love em, but Im not overweight). And I also love wine and cocktails. So...I know that I would have to really work hard to stop these habits. So...not asking for a lecture..just making an observation. My dogs and cats...I try so hard to maintain their appropriate eating schedules, but they are still gluttons! They are a little overweight and sometimes beg and beg for snacks or treats. So, that being, psychologically....do we suffer from the same problems and are they proven to be inane genetically or is it all psychological? I also considered addiction to be a human trait, but what about my doggy who cant seem to stick to his meal plan without intense whining? I know that I have addictions that are very hard to stop. But dont animals seem to also carry these traits? Interesting? And its not just a feature of spoiling them.		
What will a mix of drups & alcohol really do		Can a person really die if he/she mixes alcohol with drugs. I mean, Ive seen people done it before and they have not died. In fact they have done it multiple times in their lives. Im not in favor of it<SEMCOL> just asking since Ive seen it happen a few times and is not as serious as people keep saying.		
Whats the best way to get alcohol off of your breath		I need to know what the best way to get alcohol off your breath is..		
Themes of alcoholism: how does it really feel to be an alcoholic		Are you or have you been an alcoholic? How would you describe feeling as an alcoholic? If you were to describe to someone how it was to live in the shoes of an alcoholic, what would you say? What factors drove you to alcoholism, or how did you become an alcoholic?	Additional Details Thanks so much! These answers are very helpful.	
Why are cigarettes and alcohol legal			Additional Details Francois: The health benefit derived from red wine can also be found in grape peels, raspberries, blueberries, and blackberries. People who use the "health benefit" argument about alcohol are merely trying to make alcohol appear to be healthy, and use it as an excuse for themselves and others to drink . I really doubt that when people are reaching for a glass of red wine, theyre doing it because theyre health nuts. Beer also contains the ingredient that makes red wine so "healthy."	
Do this sound like alcoholism		My dads parents were alcoholics and as a result if my dad drinks he limits himself to three beers..Ive heard alcoholism is a genetic. Im a 17 year old female. I know drinking is bad so please dont lecuture but when Im at parties I only drink. Im not exaggerating at all when I say this. Ive given up on drinking beer because I never feel drunk when I have it. A few days ago I got one of those personal liquor bottles that have a good amount of shots in them. I didnt feel drunk at all. Maybe just buzed for not even an hour. Also recently my friend and I finished a whole bottle of liquor and I felt normally drunk as how I used to when Id have a few beers. It seems my tolerance is so high. Does this mean I inherited that trait or this is alcoholism?		
Did Diana Ross also have a cocain habit on top of alcoholism during her years with motown		So many recordings with the supremes, she looks heavily sedated		
What Are The Of Alcohol symptoms With Withdrawal How Long Do They Last			Additional Details *What Are The Alcohol Withdrawal Symptoms?	
True OR False, Alcohol is considered a drug			I dont think it is. First of all, its legal and most drugs are illegal.	Additional Details Coffee itself isnt a drug. Its the caffeine but its not a drug that really screws with your body.
What make an alcoholic become alcoholic		If you are an alcoholic, or if you have been one, would you share what make you become so addicted to alcohol beverage? My intention to create this question is not to judge, but try to understand if we (I am an alcoholic myself, and few members of my family are one as well) do share some similarity in what we think and feel. I drink and love getting myself drunk because I have unresolved pain from my childhood. I often feel tremendous stress and depression. I found that the only way in feeling happiness and forgetting my pain is to get myself drunk. Do you share the same thought like me?		
How can I stop drinking alcohol		Im addicted to drinking alcohol. Its gotten to the point where my Kidneys Failed. Im 20, 21 on Valentines Day. My kidney transplant is next Tuesday. Its ruining my relationship with my girlfriend. I promise her that Ill stop, but it always gets the best of me. I feel that Im always putting her second to alcohol. I know this should get me to stop, but Im addicted to it. She always breaks up with me cause I lie to her about drinking. What can I do to stop drinking? Thank you.		
How can you tell if youre becoming an alcoholic		I got drunk three nights in a row last week because Ive been really depressed. And ever since then Ive been craving alcohol again. I want to drink again but I dont know if I should because I dont wanna become addicted. Help?		
How can I tell if Im addicted to alcohol		2 of my friends are telling me that Im becoming an alcoholic. Now before I get into this let me say, I drink like once every 3 weeks or so, and even then, I only do it because I want to, not like I feel like I need it As a matter of fact I have had the opportunity to drink and refused cuz I didnt feel like it. The only problem, is that when I feel down, I can picture having a drink and chilling with some friends. Remember, I do have the ability to abstain from it, I dont feel a need for it, it just helps calm the nerves (not that every time I need to relax, I drink, cuz I dont)		
What zodiac sign is the most alcohol abuser				
Shouldnt alcohol be illegal		Ive been addicted to every illegal drug under the sun and including heroin, methamphetamine, pills, acid, PCP and pot and Ive never harmed anyone but myself. Going window shopping in the nude at 4 am was my worst act when I was on methamphetamine but no one saw me and nobody was harmed by my drug use but me.. Alcohol causes wife beating and car crashes and what I did two nights ago in Los Vegas. I decided to drink when I never do drink and the next thing I know Im pushing two Nevada cops around as they "try to" handcuff which they couldnt because I thought I was fighting with civilians. Long story short they let me go. Im a sober "some times on meth mechanical engineer and actor here in Hollywood CA. if it matters.		
Parents, would you ever give your 16 year old alcohol 			My sons ex-girlfriend, who is 16, and lives down the street from us has a lot of family problems. We have taken her in tons of times, and she dated my 18 year old son for a while and they broke up and i think theyve been having lots of problems lately. Whatever, thats their business.. Well last night i guess things were okay with everyone at home...but the dad gave her a glass of coco cola with coconut flavored rum in it and let her drink as much as she wanted and she got really tipsy and freaked out on my son and called him like screaming at him and cussing him out and stuff. I only witnessed this because we were watching a movie together when he answered the phone. He asked her if she was drunk and she said that her dad gave her some stuff and that she felt really weird. I think in the least to say, he told her to stop talking to him because she was saying very hateful things and deleted her off facebook. Well she just wrote on my facebook, "Hey Mrs. Robyn can you have Cole call me when you see this?" So shes starting drama on my facebook now... My question is...what parent just gives their kid alcohol and lets them get totally tipsy and out of control and doesnt at least take their phone away so they dont make total fools out of themselves? I let my son have a few sips of wine, hes had a little bit of a wine cooler but no where enough to get him buzzed or tipsy. But i never have just let my son drink however much he wanted and get out of control. What will be/are your rules on drinking? Will you allow your kids to drink at home? What would you do if you were in my situation last night?	Additional Details Note: I even had a glass of wine last night that made me VERY sleepy and batty. My husband was quick to shut down the computer and told me to go to bed. But i am 39 years old and i can control myself better than a 16 year old can. What parent does that...? Its really just beyond me... http://www.thosewhohost.org/TexasUnderag? Read the drinking laws. cath- i was too. but apparently it was just a little bit of coke and it was a FULL like beer glass...
Why is Marijuana illegal if alcohol is legal		The research suggests its safer than Alcohol. You cant overdos and it makes people in a good mood. When people get drunk they start fights, they can overdose and die and they also end up having sex with strangers. This makes no sense whatsoerver and we as people in a developed country surely should do something about this contradiction by the government.		
How to write thesis statement for problem among teenagers such as drug addict,pregnancy,drunk alcohol,gambling				
Which type of professional should a drug addict and a alcoholic see				
Is an addict and an alcoholic the same thing				
Can someone be addicted to drinking (not alcohol, any liquid)		i know there are some strange addictions out there, like eating toilet paper and soap (lol) but have you ever heard of someone who just always has to have a drink by their side, always drinking? (not alcohol)		
College paper about Alcohol		K so i need to write a persuasive paper for my college comp class. It needs to be something we are passionate about. I was thinking about writing about alcohol and how all the laws that united states has on it for teens makes teens drink and get drunk more instead of like Germany where kids can drink at any age and they have no drinking problems really with their kids. so how would i subject it so that it sounds like a college essay. or can someone give me ideas on what i could write about on that topic?		
Are there any medical conditions that can be passed onto children born from drug & alcohol abusive parents		we are looking after our gran daughter who had a trauma birth, but seemed fine for a while but then started having nightmares, we got that settled down but now she has starting holding her breath, ie falls over / we leave her at nursery..anything upsetting or that shocks her...I did hear that it can run in families, but also wondered if this could be from her farther who is an alcoholic and a drug addict..his first daughter died and his son has, A.H.D...highly overactive even though on medication...		
I need some information on alcohol addiction for my book...	Always		In my book, one of my characters becomes addicted to alcohol after he finds out that his wife cheated on him. Ive looked up information on alcohol addiction, but I think I need to hear about it on a more personal level. If anyone whos gone through something like this could give me some information on what its like to help my story, that would be amazing. Thanks!	
Which is worse Smoking pot or drinking alcohol		And why?	Additional Details If you drink in moderation... And dont go and get drunk.	
Do U think religious addicts,"religoholics", should seek treatment like other addicts- drug, alcohol, gambling				
What is the reason when a person start drinking alcohol for the first time and become addicted ultimately.				
Describe the short-term and potential long-term effects of alcohol on the body				
Help me, is he an alcohol addict :(		Ok well my Dad drinks every night he wont stop, on two occasions that I no of hes started to drink earlier, around 3:00 pm I dont no wat to do my mum brother and myself are getting fed up. Help me i dont want websites or anything I just want some advice on how to get it sorted ASAP ! pleasee		
I hate alcohol and dont know what to do!		I am 19 and in college where EVERYONE seems to drink. I absolutely hate the thought of alcohol and get sick whenever Im around it. My Girlfriend is also 19 and is now ready to drink and I have seen her take a few sips and it absolutely tore me up inside! I dont know what to do. I have tried getting "over it" and being okay with her drinking but every time she tells me she is going to I just feel like shutting down. Pleaseee help!	Additional Details I dislike it because my family is full of alcoholics and I could easily become one and be violent. Also, I love my girlfriend for who she is and I dont like that people are different when drinking. I dont get the point of it and there is no way for me to avoid it because Im at college, it is everywhere	
Can someone who has been addicted to alcohol for years and is refusing serious therapy be healthy again			I know it might sound silly but is there a way with which you can show that person the amount of damage he/she is doing to his/herself and the whole family?	
Teen alcohol consumption		Im a 17 year old girl. Im in complete control of my life, my school work, my grades, etc. but I think im begining to get addicted to alcohol. I have a family history if that makes a difference.	Additional Details - Should I worry? or just quit for a month? :( or just continue and drink moderately?	
I think I am addicted to alcohol at 17	, what can I do to get help?		I know I am what can I do to get help? and i do the stupidest things 2 like sometimes try and kill myself, or steal my moms car. i recently totalled her car drving drunk she hadda get a new 1. and this weekend I had a party and there was like 80 ppl there and my house got trashed its just horrible. thankgod my mom never found out about that. i think i needa go to drug and alcohol services or something. I even sometimes come to school halfcut, I need help????		
How much do Americans spend on drugs, alcohol, and tobacco each year			Additional Details haha i watch those shows, but its a question for school and i swear its not in the book!	
Who is more of an alcoholic		The person who goes out for a drink with friends twice a week. Only having more than 1 or 2 on a special occasion. (Special occasions being 3-4 times a year) or The person who parties about once a month to get trashed.		
Why is marijuana illegal but alcohol is		Its just hilarious. Alcohol Very Addicting Withdrawal O.D. Very intoxicating Tends to make person Act violent Marijuana: Not a single O.D. in the history almost no withdrawal tends to decrease violence Only mentally addicting like everything else (tv, taling, etc) And heres proof http://www.saferchoice.org/content/view/24/53/ so why is it frowned upon so badly and why is it illegal?	Additional Details jesus christ its a single mistake wth is the matter with you people?	
How come people always say alcohol is addicting		im 16 have drinken it many times before and i have never been addicted		
My friends become an alcoholic, how do I help her 		My friend has started using alcohol to forget her problems. It really scares me and I have had numerous talks with her about it. She was in rehab not long ago for it, but they made her feel like it wasnt a real problem cause shes only 19. And all she talks about is drinking and doing coke. She hasnt done it before but shes obsessed with trying it. Every time she talks to me drunk I just get so frustrated with her. How do I make her see she does need help without her hating me ?		
Isnt alcoholism, drug abuse just a frame of mind, and the cure changing that frame of mind			????????	
Can smoking meth and drinking alcohol pregnant cause eye issues after my daughter is born				
My bestfriend is getting involved in smoking and alcohol at age 13! help		Okay, I need some help:( my friend, who is 13 years old, smokes and drinks OCCASIOLLY. She said she only smokes because it relaxes her. (she is has anxiety problems and has been very stressed this past year) She only smokes once or twice every couple months...and only takes a few sips of alcohol every couple of months too...Can this hurt her even though she claims to do it rarely? should I tell somebody even though she had me swear not too? Can she become addicted to nicotine or have an addiction to alcohol when she grows up? how can I stop her without her yelling at me and running away???	Additional Details Thank yall so much for the answers, I think I know what to do now, thank you. :)	
I have an alcohol problem		Im 53 and been on 60ml of prozac, trazadone and xanax. I drink about 8 beers also every day. I want to stop drinking cause Im so messed-up and hardly eat anything. Im 59 and weigh about 110pnds. Please, if you can help me. I just want to know how long it will take to detox at home off the beer.		
How do I deal with my alcoholic mother...and more		My mom is an alcoholic. She never drank anything until I was 13 years old (Little did I know that she was abusing furenol with codeine a very addicting pain killer.). My mom went to rehab with I was 13 for the pills. When she got out, she started to drink. I am now almost 22 years old and I cannot handle it anymore. She has told me terrible things, "Im a f**king bit*h, telling me she wish I was dead, Im the reason her life is how it is, she wishes I was never born...and so on." My mother has physically abused me while drunk, my sister trusted her and left her baby with her only to come home to my mother screaming at my now 2 year old niece trashed. When my mom started drinking, I saw a side of her that I have never seen. When me and my sister were little, my mother was anorexic and very moody. We would pray to God every day that mom would come home from work in a good mood because when she came home in a bad mood it was terrible. Life has been very difficult, and I turned to anorexia to numb out. I have tried to kill myself 3 times over arguments with my mother (not blaming her, but thats what triggered the overdose.) I get help for my issues and I have been in and out of hospitals for anorexia since I was 13, the age my mom started drinking. I dont know what to do anymore. Just the other day my mother told me that she wishes I would have died when I overdosed. Does anybody have any advise? Im so lost and my doctor can only help me so much...I need people who can somewhat relate.		
Do you think that gay and lesbian and bisexual people are more likely to become an alcoholic		If that is the case, then why do you think that lesbian, gay, and bisexual people are more likely to become an alcoholic people that are addicted to drinking beverages that contain alcohol?		
Why is it when times get tough people lean towards relying on smoking, alcohol, eating disorders, self harm		Apart from the influence from the media, but where did it all originate from.		
Why do people drink alcohol		why do people drink alcohol?		
Why is alcohol/cigarettes legal and weed illegal		Honestly ive wondered this for a while. It makes absolutely no sense, alcohol and cigarettes have way worse affects than weed! I know alcohol being illegal would never happen, but why cant weed be legal? Its not addicting like alcohol and cigarettes.. oh and yet the other drug saliva is legal when it causes immediate tripping.. I personally dont look at weed as a true drug. I consider drugs ecstasy, crack/cocaine, speed, meth, etc. Seriously though. Why, is weed illegal? ( In the U.S. )		
Should alcoholics and drug addicts be eligible for Social Security Disability		They have a disease, dont they?		
Does marijuana cause brain damage like alcohol does				
Why is marijuana illegal, while alcohol and tobacco isnt	ronnn		I dont understand this. They say marijuana is addictive, yes it can be, only mentally, so if you withdraw from using it, no harm to yourself is done! Unlike alcohol and tabacco...people have died from both of those. How many people have died from using marijuana? ZERO. so please explain to me why marijuana is illegal, while something that ruins life isnt?	Additional Details Weed is illegal no matter what age you are, unless youre getting it medically. Alcohol and tobacco is illegal if youre underage too, but that doesnt stop anyone. There will never be a way to keep minors from getting into things of those sorts, illegal or not. Sadly, every other teenager I know smokes tobacco and drinks. The government obviously wants money. Thats why they still have alcohol and tobacco legal. If they want so much money, they shouldnt be busting people with marijuana, because IT COST A LOT OF MONEY.
Weed, Cigarettes and Alcohol What SHOULD be illegal and what SHOULD be legal			So I, for the record, have never smoked weed, a cigarette or consumed alcohol. I am 16. I know about the 3 though, and I was just thinking to myself how stupid it is to have cigarettes and alcohol legal, while weed (for the majority of places...Im in Canada by the way) is illegal! Weed - 1) Its safe. I dont think there has ever been one single death related incident from marijuana/weed ever! The effect of it is simply recreational, and fun. 2) Not addictive! (At least extremely extremely difficult to be addicted if thats even possible!) 3) Not really bad for your health unless consumed in huge quantities (but anything can be bad for you if consumed in large large quantities for continuously periods of time.. like day after day) for the most part, its even good for a lot of health problems people have. 4) Relieves stress. (Now, both alcohol and cigarettes do the same but weed does this the safest way and the side effects are pretty much 0 compared to the bad, negative effects of alcohol and cigarettes) Alcohol and cigarretes: 1) They can kill you. Wheather its drunk driving, stupid drunk actions, or cancer, these 2 things can kill people<SEMCOL> and there already has been multiple multiple deaths because of these 2 (deaths every day I bet!) 2) Cigarettes are addictive and so is alcohol. Im not saying alcohol should be illegal (its mainly just a drink and I doubt it will ever be illegal) but cigarettes are the stupidest thing in this world. They need to be illegal quickly and weed must be legal even quicker. Teens will smoke weed where its illegal until parents and possibly police intervene and get in big trouble. This causes them to not take any chances with the law and weed any more, so they smoke cigarettes which is legal. They think its perfectly fine. According to the law, the action is perfectly fine yeah. But the action is also deadly and disgusting and not nearly on the same overall level as marijuana. This world continues to blow my mind each and every on how stupid some things are. I know I sound quite [I dont know the word] but Im just saying my opinion - which I strongly believe is right. If were gonna have just 2 of the 3 of these things legal, it HAS to be weed and alcohol legalized and cigarettes ILLegal. Or at least make weed legal before cigarettes are made illegal, and as quick as possible! Can anyone else comment or give me their thoughts on what Im saying. I know I left out plenty of points and probably could have included many more but the ones that came to my head at first I believe are the most obvious ones and the most important - either negative or bad.	
What is worse for your body marajuana or alcohol				
Would I become an alcoholic if I were to drink alcohol		My dad is an alcoholic. And both his dad and his dads dad were alcoholics. I heard alcoholism runs in families. P.S. Im not gonna do anything now<SEMCOL> I only 14, but Id like to know for the future. Ive heard there are many benefits of moderately drinking alcohol, and I dont want to miss out on those because I could become an alcoholic. But I definitely dont want to ruin my life by accidentally becoming an alcoholic.		
Questions about alcohol		#ME?		
Song about someone who is Addicted to Drugs/Alcohol		Well my Aunt Sarah. Who i see as my mom. She Drinks smokes weed and snorts perks everyday, I feel rather traumatized, Im only 16. And she is the closest thing i have. Can you help me find a song that would describe my situation. <3 Thank you so much.	Additional Details I want the song to be from my perspective. Showing the pain i am going through watching her slowly die... ): Please make NO jokes. :( Its not even funny..	
CONSERVATIVES: How can you support alcohol being legal while opposing the legalization of marijuana			This is the argument I hear a lot from conservatives: "We dont want a nation full of dopey marijuana addicts" However, doesnt that argument apply to alcohol? We dont want a nation of irresponsible alcoholics. The effects of alcohol are worse. Alcohol can kill. Marijuana cannot. Alcohol completely ruins the liver and other organs. Marijuana has shown to do little damage past short term memory loss. With all these clear reasons why alcohol is worse for society than marijuana, why do many conservatives oppose the legalization of marijuana while being in total favor of keeping alcohol legal?	
Can you please complete my survey I need people aged 12-18 2 answer a few Qs on alcohol + drugs..		1. Do you think that alcohol and drugs are a big problem amongst young people these days? 2. Do you have alcohol and drug education in your school? 3. Does alcohol and drug education influence you ? 4. Do you know anyone who is a drug/alcohol addict?..if so then what influenced them to start taking drugs/alcohol? Thanks for filling out my survey...I really appreciate your help :)		
Am i an alcoholic at 15			every weekend i take alcohol from my parents cabinet and get drunk in my room. i feel like i really need it. i am drunk right now. i said to myself i would stop this and would only get tipsy next time, but i just cant stop until i am drunk. do i need help? am i addicted to alcohol?	
Hey, what was the name of that movie about alcohol that (read below)		It was a girl who got to university-she was kind of a nerd and a great runner- and she was a very good student but her friend made her addicted to drinking, so she didnt answer her moms calls, she didnt get good grades, she couldnt run, and at the end there was a big party where she was asked to go, but she said no. Her friend did, and the next day she was dead. Pls pls plssss if you know the answer answer it! :)		
Why do people resort to alcohol			why do people become addicted/start drinking alcohol?	
Am I addicted to alcohol		Hi, all. I like drinking & testing different kinds of drinks. Sometimes, especially in the evening, I feel a strong need to drink. And when I have a drink, from the very 1st sip, I feel a great relief. Could this be an addiction? If yes, what should I do about it? I drink about 3 times a week but not too much (about 2-3 drinks each time). Tnx.		
Is my girlfriend an alcoholic		She drinks socially 1 or 2 nights a week every week and gets very drunk. Not a big deal. But she also drinks at least one, often times more bottles of those small hotel wine bottles. She also drinks at work. Her alcohol tolerance is very high. She used to be a drug addict but not anymore. Addictive personality. Other than a DUI and crashed car shes not ruining her life or our relationship but she asked if she was one and im not sure. Opinions?		
Which is worse weed or alcohol			I get annoyed by how many people try and get me to smoke pot with them. Im in college to be a firefighter and it seems like Im pretty much the only one that doesnt smoke pot in my classes. They all try getting me too and it just annoys me because their supposed to take college seriously and yet they dont. Ive heard its weed is better because of car accidents, and many other things like alcohol poisoning and everything but really how many car accidents get reported do to someone being high? Hows a cop supposed to just pull out his pot breathalyzer there isnt one so i dont think that should be included in the argument.	
Am I becoming an alcoholic....		PLEASE DONT LECTURE ME. Im 14. And I have wanted to drink since I was in the 6th grade. My dad used to drink but he stopped. My grandpa was an alcoholic. (I thought Id include that, since I heard alcoholism is hereditary.) I went to my friend house on Saturday, and she had some alcohol and I got tipsy. I dont like the taste too much, but I love the feeling. I litteraly think about alcohol and drinking all the time everyday. I constantly ask my friends for alcohol but they wont give me any (in fear that Ill get too wasted). I do NOT drink to be cool. I do NOT drink because my friends do. I drink because I am very depressed and I have a lot of problems and I actually feel happy when I drink. I feel less stressed. Save your time saying Im stupid and Ill die or Im a loser. I know all that. What can I do to take my mind off drinking? Theres nothing else I like to do. I get addicted to things very easy. Im addicted to smoking (cigarettes) and cutting too. Please help.		
Why is alcohol better than marijuana			Ive read some very ignoriant submissions that attack marijuana, from people that seem to believe that just because they thought of it and it sounds good must make it true. I believe you must have SOME sort of experience or knolwedge in some way to form an opinion. So I ask to everyone with a six pack in their fridge or a bottle in their cabinet, what makes a non-addictive, non-leathel drug worse than the mass murderer known as alcohol that has single handedly stumped evolution and stupified the world?	
Underage Alcohol Withdrawal,dont quite know what the F*** to do		Im 17,a year ago i started to drink,it wasnt that much and i wasnt addicted to it or anything,havent had any since. For the past 3 weeks i have craved it immensely,its all i think about.Its pure anguish. For the past 2 years the main thing that kept me busy was World of Warcraft,suddenly ive lost interest... I dont really do that much except go to a few websites and sleep recenty. Everything is so boring lately. Ive talked to a lot of people about this and it didnt change a dang thing. What i want to do is to sate my addiction for alcohol,but,i cant really do that at the moment i have no friends,making a fake id seems complicated,i dont want to attempt to steal either I feel hopeless Id kill myself but my F***ing family would get so sad and all of that Bullsh*t I feel trapped I feel like no matter what i do i am screwed. What should i do?		
Am I already addicted to alcohol	Vc Rg  L		Ive drank sips of margaritas and beer once in awhile since I was 11(My brother kept it in the house and he was a underage drinker so yeah),but 4 days ago Ive been drinking a half cup of whiskey and a few sips of liquor...I feel like I dont want to stop,Ive even started stealing it from my brother whenever I get a chance,Im really sick tonight from it....I have a insanely addictive personality(Im a pill addict and I smoke),and alcoholism runs heavily in my family	Additional Details Im 14...I live in a really bad area though so I have easy hookups....:(
Novel writing help: Drugs/Alcohol			Im in the process of writing a novel in which one of the characters is involved with drugs. Problem: I dont know the first thing about drugs (which technically should probably be good but...) I have several questions (for any drug you have knowledge of/experience with since i have to see what fits in to the story) like availability<SEMCOL> how much you would need<SEMCOL> price ranges<SEMCOL> amount that would cause overdose<SEMCOL> effects (physically, mentally, what the drugs causes you to see/experience)<SEMCOL> *withdrawal effects*, taste/smell... etc anything and everything! Ps: similar questions with alcohol addiction withdrawal (AA meetings: basically everything from what do you talk about to what are the steps... etc...)	
Do you think Im addicted to alcohol		Im a 16 year old girl and yeah Im not going to lie, Ive been drinking since I was 14 although recently Ive become friends with quite a few older people and I go out to clubs and drinking places with them (I borrow ID). My parents just think Im at friends. Now its getting to the point where I drink every day and I actually crave alcohol.. It takes more to get me drunk and Im really starting to get scared Im going to do some serious damage to myself but I cant stop myself - I feel like Im losing control. Whenever someone offers me a drink or a night out, I can never refuse it. Do you think Ive got a problem?		
Alcoholism - any cure			My dad is turned out to be an alcohol addict past 5 yrs.Hes drinking even during the day. Its pains to see him kill himself in front of my eyes. He is so abusive to mom while he is drunk. I tried my best talking to him, scaring him, all sorts of things. But, he just is too absorbed in this habit. I love him n mom too much to advise a divorce too. Is there any way i can get him to be normal again? Any alcoholics out there who quit? if so how did u do it? He refuses to go to rehab too.	
Do you think alcohol & drug abuse are more common among richer or poorer teens		I have to write an essay for psychology class and I cant choose a side. Rich teen have the money for drugs and alcohol, and poor teens may face more problems than richer need which leads them to do drugs & alcohol. What do you think? Thanks for your help!	Additional Details If you think its stupid then why answer it? I just need help with my homework lol...	
Does Alcoholics Anonymous really work, or is it a bunch of crap		Is it a cult or is it religious dogma? How many people stop drinking on their own anyway?		
Would you consider this an alcohol problem		Goes to the bar and has multiple drinks 3x/week Drinks everynight/day during the weekend. Considers getting "JUST" an 18 pack for 2 people not a big deal. And saying I wasnt "that bad after having 7 jim bean& cokes"	Additional Details its my mom and her bf. I am 22 and stopped drinking because I dont like how they drink! and they have "cut down" they are in their late 40s! so you know its NOT ME!	
What is worse Heroin or Alcohol			if you are an addict	
Legality aside, do you believe consuming alcohol is safer than consuming marijuana			Additional Details To Jen, can you please provide me some proof that smoking marijuana has more carcinogens than smoking cigarettes? I have never heard of this before. I have heard however that cannabinoids can cure cancer by attacking cancer cells... http://www.alternet.org/drugs/145159/the?	
How to volunteer at places that help drug and alcohol addicts in twin cities, minnesota area				
Are my parnets addicted to alcohol		they promised theyd stop drinking at least 10 times and they never. i said they cant have admiral nelsons and they buy it anyways and drink and fight and its annoying. also they play loud music and never turn it off what can i do?!		
My mums an alcoholic, does that mean I will be		I just heard it can be in the genes, does this mean I have a big chance of being an alcoholic. Im 18 so I only drink when I go out which is most weekends. But I really try to be careful because I dont want to turn into my mum.		
How to explain addiction and alcoholism to young children		I would appreciate the insight and experiences of families who have been touched by substance dependency and have had to explain it to young, developing minds. Weve had this conversation in the past with our children, whose biological mother who is also my relative, has struggled with addiction since her late teens. However, as a series of new situations come our way, the children are pressuring for more information about their mothers condition. I feel a little lost and I cannot get a hold of written information at the moment. My husband and I mostly answer from the heart. We do not judge or demonize any drug addicts and much less the mother of our children. However, it is hard to talk about the consequences of drugs and alcohol in excess to small children. Have you had to do something similar? How did it work? What resources, words, ideas did you use? And how do you think your children understood the message?	Additional Details Ben: what truth? Our children know who their first mother is and what her problems are. However, we havent found the right words and strategy to satisfy them. They keep asking questions, the same questions and we wonder if were being clear or honest enough. Well answer the questions as many times they like but we want to make sure were doing it right.	
Why isnt marijuana legal... its safer than alcohol		marijuana would make America such an easier thing to deal with if it was legal. the only bad things about it is it could effect your driving... if regulated by government it would be taxed and improve economy more. people wouldnt have to worry about being caught being paranoid and going insane. it has soooo many medical uses and helps underweight people. alcohol you can die. theres not one person that could die from straight out marijuana its proven. i have soooo many more reasons why it should be legal. people can do other things that they cant when sober while theyre high. and your controllable. when your wasted with alcohol its absolutely uncontrollable what you say. scream. fight people. puke or drown in your own vomit. alcohol poisoning. and alcoholism runs in family and you can get alcohol poisoning. you also have a bad hang over and cant think straight. when your high the only thing that would ever harm you is it being laced. if the government controlled that then there would be less deaths and less to worry! the only thing bad is that it could effect your lungs if you smoke it a lot. BUT YOU CAN EAT IT instead! it may cause a little brain damage if you do it for a verrrrrry long time. and its not proven to be at all physically addicting. its also medically possible future use for add/adhd. helps you sleep. hunger. relieve pain. headaches. anxiety. stress.		
Do you think I am an alcoholic		I live in England and am 21, Ive been drinking since I hit 17... I cant count how many drinks Ive had since my first, I really dont want to count. I wont write my life story, but its not been easy. My dad left when I was young (I found out that he was an alcoholic) Ive been abused and bullied suffered things that noone should as a kid. But Ive always been a together person, since I have been going out drinking and partying Ive made more friends then ever before, Theres not one night I go out when no body knows me. I feel confident and on top of the world. But that is not me, thats the me that comes out 2/3 nights a week after several drinks, thats the me that is starting to mince my words and having trouble remember faces and names. I get myself into stupid situations, I just want to stop. But I cant I crave the way alcohol makes me feel, how it makes me invincible. I feel that two days of not drinking for me is an accomplishment, it shouldnt be like this. Im loosing my dignity and everything but feel like Im gaining so much socially. Sorry. Ah. I just dont know what to do. I dont get withdrawl symptoms, So technically Im not an alcoholic? right? am I?		
Can alcoholics be taught to drink safely		can I have medical,scientific answers please not AA or other self help theories.		
My mom is a drug addict and alcoholic. She has been to rehab, sober-living, etc. many times. What do I do		My brothers and I have had to deal with an alcoholic/drug addicted mother for over 10 years now, putting her through programs, taking control of her money, giving her money, etc, etc. She has relapsed harder than I have seen in a long time and we are at the end of our rope and do not know what to do this time around. Any suggestions?	Additional Details My three brothers and I are all adults over the age of 23.	
How much do drug and alcohol counselers make		I am going to college and signed up for drug & alcohol. Do they make decent money?		
Do u drink beer, wine or anything alcoholic				
What makes people resort to alcohol			Ive always wondered that what makes a person to start drinking alcohol or to give-in to alcohol completely. Peer pressure or, Just for fun or, Heart-aches or, Insecurities or, Financial issues or, Some other issues. What is it ???	
Why does the smell of alcohol make me sick		My dads a heavy drinker and everyday when I smellvit I get dizy and feel like im gonna puke		
What happens if you mix sleeping pills and alcohol		I know if you drink too much or take too many pills you can die. But what about if you took one pill and one shot of Makers Mark? The only reason Im asking is because Ive been having a lot of trouble sleeping and just taking my sleeping pill hasnt been helping. A friend of mine said to take a shot with it. But I want to make sure I wont die or anything. Any advice? Thanks!		
I think my sister might be an alcoholic			what are some signs of an alcoholic?	
Are there any online chat rooms for alcohol addiction		I have social anxiety and so its hard for me to pick up the phone and call a sponsor or something. I have been searching for online chat rooms for alcoholics but have had trouble finding one. I remember back in the day whe "aol" was the popular internet gig and they had tons of chat rooms. Can anyone please direct me to a site or something where I can talk to other alocholics or someone that can help me online?		
Im not an alcoholic but I want to give up alcohol 100% Is there a group or community that is right for me		Heres the scoop: I drink maybe once a week, and I dont get drunk at all. However, every time I do drink it leaves me tired, grumpy, bored, and I have trouble sleeping. I know it sounds strange, but I just seem to struggle to give it up 100% on my own just because it is a habit, and its so ingrained in so much socializing. Is there a group or community that could be right for me? Im not sure if AA would really be appropriate for someone like me ....		
How do i get my mom addicted to alcohol		Shes always acts so perfect and she treats the rest of us like dirt. i dont want anybody telling me that its wrong i just want to know if its possible		
Which is worst  cocaine/heroin or tobacco/alcohol 			Which one is the most dangerous thing. Which one is the most most unhealthy thing ?	
Can a person that has been rehabilitated from a drug or alcohol addiction.....		Do you think a person that has been rehabilitated from a drug or alcohol addiction can truly return to society and be a normal functional productive citizen? and Explain why		
Alcohol: psychic addiction or substance addiction		when you are addicted to alcohol is a psychic addiction or is a substance addiction like nicotine? thank you		
Am I an alcoholic		I started drinking when I was 12. Im 15 now. I dont find it easy to get alcohol. But I constantly want it. I mostly steal it off family members when I go to their house. I always always drink alone in my house. I rely on alcohol to make me happy. A perfect night for me would to come home, there be nobody in the house, I could turn my music up realy loud, smoke some cigarettes, and drink beer. Ive been doing all this since I was 13. I crave it when I dont have it. And I get very tense when Im near alcohol but cant have it. I dont drink a huge amount because I cant get much of it. But if I could get it more easily then Id drink it. Im in therapy but its not helping. I feel a bit guilty because behind my bed there is a stash of empty beer cans and bottles. Am k an alcoholic?		
Are there any forum sites or websites dedicated to the children of drug and alcohol addicted parents				
What is the best way to get rid of alcoholism		I tend to develop the habit of drinking I want to stop it but when i do the more that i want to drink? What shall i do?		
Poll: True or False - You have tried alcohol before				
Would you let your 16 year old child drink alcohol		Im just curious because my parents dont know I drink, but my friends parents know they drink and buy them vodka, crates of beer etc.		
Am 21yrz old...am a marijuana addict.i love alcohol n whn i get my pay i waste it all on drinks.i started must		help b4 i lose my sanity		
If alcohol is so fattening why are most alcoholics so thin				
Can mikes hard lemonade get you addicted to alcohol		if you have only one drink		
AlcohoL................		How to make a person stop drinking....? whos addicted to it. thank you in advance for your answer.		
Addicted to alcohol O:		yes		
Is it possible to become addicted to being DRUNK...not alcohol		Help.		
How can I give up alcohol		I think I need to give up alcohol. It makes me feel very ill. I never learned to socialise sober though. My friends all still drink a lot and I feel terribly shy without it. I think I need to change but dont know how.		
How young is to young to drink alcohol		Im just curious cause Im 15 and a lot of the kids in my grade drink (differing amounts, whether it be binge drinking or a thing of beer every once in a blue moon). Ill just make it clear that I have no interest in alcohol and I know what it can do so Im not going to drink until Im at least 18 so you can save me the lectures, I just want to know how young you think is too young. Plus were doing a unit on alcohol and drugs in Religion at school atm		
Is my friend an alcoholic		I have a friend who likes to binge drink a lot.... I mean, most young college-aged people binge drink, but he seems to do it more often. When he calls me or another one of our friends to hang out with him, normally its to go drinking. He seems to not be interested in activities unless he is going to be drinking... for instance, I went to a wedding last week and he asked me if there was going to be an open bar there. When I told him that I dont think so, he said that that was lame... and we were talking about perfect dates, and I told him how I went on a coffee date, and he said that was lame--the dates he likes involves alcohol (or pot). I dont think hes addicted...like he doesnt go through withdrawal, and I have definitely seen him sober, like hes not drunk ALL the time or anything... but he wouldnt be interested in going to an event unless there is alcohol there, it seems like... does it sound like hes an alcoholic?		
What happens when you get caught buying alcohol underage		What happens when you ask someone outside of LCBO to buy you alcohol, and then they buy it for you, but then after you realize that the police were watching the entire time, and then they stop you? Its for a story im working on. The person is a 15 year old male who wanted to get alcohol so he asked someone outside to buy it for him.	Additional Details Sorry. The LCBO is an alcohol place in Toronto.	
Have you ever known an alcoholic to quit drinking completely				
My vife vant to go disco but im alcoholic.i cant dance souber, wath i sould do 		wath desidion can be in that situation ?		
What works of Poes literature reflect/were influenced on his alcohol (or drug) problem				
What can I do about an alcoholic father who refuses to attend AA meetings and is physically addicted		He has been to a couple meetings before, which didnt do much. He now has stolen alcohol from family members, and has physical symptoms like shaking which are very concerning. Where can I go for help?		
What is a Non-alcoholic substitute for beer		Okay, so I quit drinking a few days ago and I do regret it but I must see how it goes. I was not getting out of control yet I felt I will back off to evaluate my situation. However, I am really craving beer! I just want to taste a nice Fat Tire or Anchor Steam or close to them. Can one of you Yahooites suggest a tastes like these beer but doesnt have alcohol in it? Cool breeze, out!	Additional Details I love root beer and when you two get older you will learn that root beer has no beer flavour. Its been no work at all forgetting the beer. I figure its more of a habit or even a lifestyle for me. This is day nine and I am going strong. The AA is a joke. I have no need to hangout with a bunch a chain smoking, coffee guzzling losers. I am not mocking the person who answered just his answer of AA.	
Can I get a scholarship for having a parent who had drug and alcohol abuse problems		Ive tried googling this, but all I come up with is scholarships for students who are themselves addicted. I dont want a scholarship to a specific college, as I have already chosen a college.		
What should I do with my alcoholic father 		My dad is very good at taking the spotlight off his problem and pointing out everyone elses (hes been a drug addict for 30 years as well as alcohol but hes been clean from drugs for awhile for hes on methadone but still drinking). We always get into altercations when he blacks out and points the finger at me when the police are there. All i try to do is love him and have a relationship with him and the only time we are good is when im drinking with him. Now that im pregnant and not drinking i see all the ugly things alcohol is doing to him. I cut him out my life and he went to rehab and only lasted 2 months. he came strait to my house and started being the dad i never had (hes been drinking since before i was born). Unfortunately a week later he went back to drinking hard alcohol and went back to his normal ways. He makes me angry and hes disrespectful. I dont know what else to do for my heart is telling me to be strong and let him know he cant even hear from me unless hes sober which i know wont happen. My mind is telling me to put up with it for i might need him one day. My pride is telling me f-him. Does anybody have any smart suggestions ?? My brothers gave up on him and they tell me he wont last to much longer due to the abuse and im the only one trying to be a good daughter but is it worth it ? or do i just wait until the day hes gone <SEMCOL>(		
Was one of the worst mistakes in your life thinking weed or alcohol was cool when you were young		. if not just state what one of the worst mistakes in your life was.		
When people are in rehab or recovering from drugs/alcohol or whatever do they crave candy more			is this true ? if so why?	
Is alcoholism hereditary		my father has been drinking for MANY years now, and its not often that he gets drunk, but he cant help but open up a cold one a couple times a week. he did stop a couple years ago, but hes drinking again. his father (my grandfather) was an alcoholic, and my dads been one for quite some time, is it possible i am too? i have had experience with alcohol, but not a lot! my dad keeps gross beer in the fridge, so i dont steal stuff from him, but i cant help but feel cravings for alcohol! and its not little cravings, i REALLY desire it. and ive tried drinking other liquids like water and juice, but there just not cutting it. is it possible to have an addiction even if i can only get my hands on alcohol maybe 1-3 times a year?		
How do you help someone addicted to drugs and alcohol		I just need advice to help some friends. They both resist any type of help and i really just wish i knew how to some how get through to them. Any ideas?		
What can i do with my dad that is addicted to drink alcohol		He drinks everyday. Like today he drinked a beer and some whiskey and he drove us to a doctors appointment. I know its dangerous but he doesnt want to quit with the drinking he knows that there is people that can help him with the drinking problem but he just doesnt want to give up.	Additional Details And that is the only amount of alcohol that he drinked for a short time. He starts at noon and doesnt stop until like maybe 5pm or 6pm. He drinks like six cups worth of whiskey per day. Like now he hasnt done that to drink and drive for a long time that I know. But still I just dont want him to get stopped by a cop or get into an accident. But yeah he yeah normally he drinks from noon to like around 5 or 6pm Sally my parents have been together for 28 years and my mom always tells him to stop but he is like what is wrong if I drink I havent insulted you guys blah blah blah. Well Im 20 and both and sometimes I drink energy drinks and both of my parents dont like when i drink them and so I tell my dad if you quit with the alchol addiction I will quit drinking energy drinks and he is like what???? Im like yeah you quit drinking and all quit drinking energy drinks but he doesnt quit he just doesnt take advice from no one. He is like eating and drinking responsibly isnt bad and I have told him like a thousand times what alcohol causes which is cancer. His dad died from cancer as well do to the fact that I know that he used to drink a lot and his brother died from that as well and because of smoking. And he still doesnt want to give up. My mom has been extremely pacient with him because if she was another wife she already would of left him a long time ago. But also my dad has been But also If I drink an energy drink I drink only one and like I say only sometimes I drink them	
When a recovering alcoholic has a drink, will he instantly get addicted again		Just curious. Ive been told, when a person with drinking problem has decided to stay clean, then he never can have a drink again. And if he has a drink later in life hell get addicted again and have to brake free of the addiction again. Is it true?		
How do I help an alcoholic boyfriend		My boyfriend and I started dating in November 2010 - I am 21 and he is 26. I am from an upscale family, have a job in the government and a lot going for me. My boyfriend is a safety technician/mechanic at a garage and came from a broken family but still a loving one. We fell in love despite our differences and I moved in with him from my own place. I noticed he was acting weird, and would black out and slurr for the next month or so. So being the naive idiot I am, I assumed he had a mental disorder and dragged him into a hospital where they told me he was HAMMERED. That is when Hell broke loose. I never realized he was such a terrible alcoholic. He drinks vodka (Smirnoff) straight. He can drink a 2-6 in an hour, a 40 in a day and a 60 well thats gone by the next morning. He lies lies lies. All the manipulation, lies and deception its utterly ridiculous. I find water bottles with alcohol, bottles hidden everywhere (the toilet tank, my knapsack or old purses, under the mattress/couch cushions, behind the fridge or stove etc.. etc..) I finally had enough and told him he needed help. His whole family got in on the intervention (mother, brothers, boss etc..) and, finally, he thought about it and decided after he losing his job (he was banned from his work for 3-4 months), lost his drivers license due to a D.U.I and about to lose me, he agreed to go to rehab. His last night before rehab, he was drinking heavily and I watched. He got to his last mickey, started crying and poured it out. I was so happy. He went to rehab for 2 months. He came out as the man I knew he could be - kind, gentle... just a beautiful person. He was diagnosed with depression and anxiety which fuelled his drinking but was now under control with prescription medicine. Everything was going great but then... well... he started drinking again. It started with just a mickey and he felt terrible. Then, before I knew it, he was drinking or, as he says, slipping 3-4 times a week. Its back to where it was before he went to rehab. When he is drunk ,he hits me and I hit him back. Im furious that he even touches me and I have too much self-respect (or pride) to allow anyone to touch me with out me doing the same or worst to them. The hitting, the fighting, the crying... its all back again. I told him it cant continue like this. We live across the street from his garage and he goes there and locks me out and drinks in the garage as he plays with his cars. His boss doesnt even care or try to intervene - his boss thinks Im the reason my boyfriend drinks but my boyfriend has been an alcoholic for over 6 years - WAY before he met me. His boss has actually banned me from the property and Im not allowed to call the garage either. He is giving my boyfriend a safe place for his drinking. My boyfriend makes him over $30 000 a week usually so he is just more concerned that if I do anything to distract him from his job, HE loses money. I dont know what to do. I want to help him, I want to fix him, I just want to be with him. He hates going to AA and refuses to go there, saying it does nothing for him. He knows he is back to where he was before rehab, only this time, he has his job still. His boss is telling him to get rid of me that Im the cause for his drinking. My boyfriend cries to him, pretending to be the abused boyfriend because his last girlfriend actually was abusive to him, but that guy doesnt know that if I even yell at my boyfriend or raise my hand too high, Im getting a slap across my face/head or a shuve into a wall, or a choke hold on my throat... or, even recently, an elbow in my throat and a punch in my chin to make me bite my tongue. I hit him back I wont lie. I gave him a bloody nose when he decided to elbow me in the throat because I was crying in front of him, begging him to stop drinking and telling him if he didnt stop, I was packing myself and the rabbit (we both love this bunny and consider him our son as a joke) and he got violent. Why is this happening again? I know I dont help because I ask him every day have you been drinking? are you feeling triggered? do you feel like slipping? but Im just trying to be supportive and let him know he can confide in me. But its doing the opposite. He tells me he wants to get better, that he needs help and cant do this alone and that he WANTS to live a normal life with me with out alcohol. He says all this and then drinks. He has a horrible self-esteem. He hates himself, his addiction and this entire situation. We are scheduled for couples therapy next week. Is it even worth it? Someone, please help me help him. Tell me what I can do. Last night he was drinking and I stayed calm and explained to him he had had enough and he let me take his two water bottles of vodka and put them away. Ive hid them and havent poured them out. I know y		
How harmful is cocaine in relation to alcohol and tobacco		The wiki article for cocaine says "Health problems from the use of legal substances, particularly alcohol and tobacco, are greater than health problems from cocaine use." BUT then they have a picture there that lists cocaine as the second most harmful and addictive drug... so... WTF? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocaine		
Why cant people understand that weed is not as harmful as cigarettes and alcohol			It has been scientifically proven that alcohol and cigarettes are worse for you than weed so why do people complain so much and why are they so against it? Is it simply because of propaganda? eg. most things can be made with hemp and the big companies didnt like this because they werent making enough money? I speak to people all the time about smoking weed and they say ahh its so dangerous for you, you can become addicted bla bla bla but thats just not the case. It is impossible to become physically addicted to it like cigarettes or heroin even if people can become mentally addicted. Im not naive enough to think that the smoke in general doesnt harm your lungs but what about if you eat it? Professors at Universities all over the world (and some doctors) have said that weed is not harmful and they have been fired, why is this?	Additional Details oh and im not suggesting that it is good for you btw im just saying that the people who usually tell me how bad it is, get drunk every single weekend to the point that they cant stand up. I also respect other peoples opinions (even if it doesnt seem like it). thanks for the input guys, id also like to add that a lot of scientifc research has shown that if you smoke weed at a younger age ( I think its below the age of 14) it can be quite harmful to you and your brain development and it is linked to the fact that mental disorders such as schizophrenia, can come out if one is genetically predisposed to it...so I do understand this but when smoking it after the age of 18, Im sure it does not have the same effect. Also, surely if you are a sensible and well educated human being only smoking on occasion for pleasure (which i think you should be if you are going to smoke weed in the first place) then it shouldnt lead to harder drugs..unfortunately I do understand how the minds of some other people work...
Questions about cigarettes and alcohol		Well i am doing a research paper on why cigarettes and alcohol are bad. I know they are bad and im not the kind of person who would do any of these things. So i have questions for smokers and drinkers and also questions that need a little more research. I am looking up research too, but any help i could get would be nice. My questions for smokers and drinkers are: Why did you start? Did you stop? Do you want to stop? and Why do you do what you do? And questions for anyone are: What are in cigarettes? I hear things like they put rat poison in them. Is this true? Why does the body get addicted to them? And really anything else you can find or think of would be nice. Thank you for your time.		
Is alcohol good for health		Every one knows that ALCOHOL is harmful but many persons says that, alcohol is goods for health if we consume in a limit is it true?		
Do you know of any drug/alcohol addicted rock bands that got BETTER once sober				
Why do people drink alcohol ,,,if it is a "Depressant and makes you depressed			is it true that alcohol...drinking beer, etc..causes your nervous system to become depressed and after awhile of it or weeks of regular drinking it causes a depressed feeling or more depressed feeling? how so and why people drink it then?	
What can I do to help my dad with alcoholism		My dad has developed a pretty serious case of alcoholism over the past year or so. I caught him at 4:00 in the morning drinking a triple shot vodka and orange juice before going to work. I asked him if he was drinking and he lied to my face and said no so I asked to taste it and sure enough it tasted like vodka with a splash of orange juice. He likes to stash vodka bottles in the garage and in his car and sneak out there at various times in the evening and morning. I snuck into the garage and took the bottles out of his car. I dont want him to get himself or others killed by driving drunk. I am worried that he is driving to work while intoxicated and then taking nips at lunch time. He has begun to look much older the past couple of years and has gained a lot of weight. Several people have commented that his personality has changed over the past couple of years. My family has encouraged him to get help about 3 times this year. He says he has a problem and should probably get help and then does nothing about it. It seems to be getting worse. I told him this morning that this was not normal behavior to be skipping breakfast and drinking 3 shots of vodka instead. I told him I loved him and that I dont want him to get hurt by this behavior. My family is going to try to talk to him about it as a group soon but Im not sure how much good that will do. I am very worried about him and I am wondering what kind of action my family and I should take to address this problem. I want to be proactive about it and I am not afraid to confront him about his drinking.		
Why the Christians drink Alcohol		OKAY, stupid question but Ive got this doubt in my mind when me and my sister were reading the Bible, we found a verse in the old testament (I cant remember it :) but it sounded like Alcohol is prohibited. Being a muslim it was quite astonishing to me. Ive also found that promiscuity, eating pig, wearing revealing immodest clothes are also prohibited. So how come the Christians are disobeying their lord and claiming that they are the followers of that lord at the same time? Pleeeeease dont yell at me, ive received some terrible comments before....I had to delete the question.	Additional Details Hey there your name is Jesus is a Tranny with man....., you shouldnt comment about islam unless you read the quran. It is mentioned in our book that " Anyone who kills any humanbeing unless it be for murder or for spreading corruption in the land it is as though he has killed the whole of humanity". So murder is prohibited in Islam. Osama Bin Laden was a bad example of muslims just like Hitler was a bad example of christians. Wefmeist thanks for your detailed answer. Steve B I think youre very knowledgeable so Im asking you about a few doubts I have, you said most christian women wear modest clothes and I agree too but when they go to beach they cover only few parts of their body and many women show the legs, breast and even belly. Why is that? Oh and one more thing I know a person who talked with an american priest and the priest expressed his frustration on the Christians saying, "Its really shocking that more than 60% Christians have sex before marriage and this thing is so cursed that diseases like Aids is spreading." Thank you Joe P, so youre trying to say that even if a christian commits 10000000 murders and a muslim helps 10000000 people the christian will go to heaven and the muslim will go to hell? Then your God is really injust. I believe God loves all the humans equally and he will judge each one of us according to our deeds and deeds should be done according to the rules of the scriptures. Joe P thanks for your detailed response, no one is sinless and its true that everything we posses and we do is nothing but Gods grace but God also gave us the free will to obey him or disobey him and if we lead a life of disobedience then we should be punished and this actually make sense. I dont drink alcohol, dont eat pig, dont indulge myself in promiscuity and I wear modest clothes, say my prayers and try my best to keep away from sins, I believe God will reward me cause hes just. Psycho analyst Yassir Fazaga says, "what you believe in if it does not impact how you behave then what you believe in is not important", "having a proper relationship with God is very important", "what your character that becomes your destiny". Thank you Oh! and one more thing we muslims also believe in Jesus Christ. So what you say about that?	
Could I become an alcoholic			I am 17 years old. Life has been hard on me at the moment. My parents have split up a few months ago and its been hard. My gran has just died about 2 hours ago. Im sitting in my room alone drinking vodka and that has made it easier to deal with. I can never seem to have a good time without alcohol and recently I seem to feel down when Im not drunk. My grandad (who i have never met) is an alcoholic, or at least likes a drink. Im worried about becoming addicted, even though I have never felt a strong urge to have a drink.	Additional Details Would my Gran be proud of me? Probably not. But then again she was of a different generation (she was almost 90, she lived a pretty good life). My generation see alcohol a lot differently. Alcohol and drugs (I am an occasional cannabis smoker) do help temporarily (despite this idea being frowned upon, there is no doubt in my mind that this is the case). I am worried about an addiction forming.
Are there any support groups for thoes living with drug and alcohol addicted people		Someone very close to me is addicted to drugs and its been very hard for me to deal with. I need to talk to someone and need help learning how to live with this.		
Addicted to monster drinks after alcohol! please help!!!!			so my boyfriend was an alcoholic for about more than 8 years. he has been sober for 7 months now.he still does smoke cigarettes and ever since he stopped drinking alcohol he has gotten addicted to monster energy drink.i honestly feel that his break downs(getting mad over little things,taking things personal,stress,frustration,etc) have to do with drinking too much monster drinks mixing it up with smoking.is there any chance i could be right? and if so, what can i do to help him? thank you!	Additional Details thank you again! but just wondering, the way he acts when he gets his melt downs he talks a lot of bad things and some things he does is make me feel bad.i dont know whether he uses his drinking n soberity as an excuse or if he really is having a melt down.and if he is having a melt down what can i do to support him.how can i step back when he is mad without losing him.(i argue back)i dont want to do that. i want to know what i should do to help him out!
Ladies: What is your favorite Girly Drink/ alcoholic beverage		I just want to put together like a top 10 list for best drinks for us girls, also it will give me an idea of what to try next time Im hanging out with my friends. I am not a huge drinker so I am not going to be drinking the entire bar down next time I go out so I figure just try one or two new drinks at the most. So far my top choices in order are: 1) Banana Daiquiri - Just love this drink but I try not to drink too much of it. 2) Cosmopolitan - I know you Sex in the City fans will agree with me! 3) Long Island Ice Tea - You Really cannot go wrong with this one. 4) Apricot Sour - I have only tried it with Orange juice though. 5) Pina Colada - It would be higher but I find too sweet sometimes. 6) Strawberry Martini - I had one last month and I recommend it. 7) Strawberry Daiquiri - I like this one but it just falls far behind the Banana Daiquiri 8) Amaretto Sour - I give this like a B+. 9) Sea Breeze - Old fashion cocktail but I still like it. 10) Pomegranite Martini - Just good enough to make my #10! Can anyone out there recommend a good drink they have tried? Whats your top ten like?		
What is worse drugs or alcohol 				
Is alcohol COMPLETELY banned in Islam		Is alcohol just banned, or is getting drunk/addicted to it banned? And if it is banned completely, are certain medicines and toiletries banned too because they have alcohol in them?		
Do you think im an alcoholic		I dont drink all the time like you see alcoholics on tv. Im worried im on the path because of what I dream. I probably get drunk 3 or 4 times a month. I have no idea if thats a lot so if you could tell me that would be nice. How often do you drink? Also, like last night, I sometimes have dreams where I have rum and vodka and in the dream its just me drinking and laughing. Its a stupid dream but it kind of makes me worry. what do you think? Im 19.		
What are the penalties of alcoholism and child abuse in Washington State			This is a question I need to know more about due to some research that I have to do<SEMCOL> unfortunately, Ive searched the web thoroughly and havent found what Im looking for. To elaborate a bit more: If a father has an alcohol addiction and is a violent drunk, what would the penalties be for abuse of his children (particularly a child with a mental disability)? After a rehabilitation process has occurred, could the father regain custody over his children, and could a family friend take in the children if no relatives can be contacted? (If so, would it have to go through court, or would the volunteering family just have to go through paperwork?) I need to know some specifics here, and unless a website has a very thorough explanation of everything, I do not want links. Thanks for your time in advance. Note: This is according to the laws in Washington State.	
Effects of drugs and alcohol 5 days on please help		Basically, on Sunday I took loads of drugs, including a large amount of meth, some weed, and some pills. I also drank a lot ... about 4 glasses of wine. I didnt sleep at all on Sunday. Then, on Monday, I didnt eat anything and drank a few beers in the evening. That night, I didnt sleep until about 2am and woke up about 8am. Since then, I havent really had a big appetite and Ive not been sleeping a lot, getting really late nights. I have headaches, some diahrea, fatigue, some nausea, stomach aches, at first I had a high temperature, and basically just feel really bad :( I know what I did was really really stupid, and I will never do it again, judging by how I feel now. Would you say these effects are normal though?		
Should religious addicts get treatment & go to rehab like other addicts- drug, alcohol, gambling, sex, etc...				
If a Court Orders Someone to stop drinking alcohol and they obey were they ever an alcoholic 			Alcoholics I feel will not be able to stay clean	
Do you think alcoholics are more prone to be gifted		Im writing a paper and it seems people such in the arts, were alcoholics, esp. writers..		
Is marijuana is illegal than why isnt alcohol 		Weed is illegal in most part of places because its considered a drug. And drugs can be addicting. But so can alcohol be and also smoking. It really just depends on the persons choice So if weed is illegal than why isnt alcohol and smoking illegal. If alcohol and smoking is legal than why isnt weed legal?		
How to help an alcoholic		Hi. My Mum is an alcoholic and has been for a long time now, however things are getting worse. I have a child of my own and due to my Mum being drunk around my daughter I have decided that until my Mum can be sober around her I wont let her see her anymore. Im lost with how to help her. I know she is depressed and that it is an illness. She says she wants help but will only accept certain types of help on her terms. She wont see her doctor and only wants to be put in a private rehab centre which we cant afford. She blames everyone else for her illness and we are getting nowhere talking to her because she is so unreasonable. Has anyone got any advice that has worked for them? Am I doing the right thing by not letting her see her granddaughter when she is drunk or will that make things worse as she delves deeper into depression? Thank you for your answers.		
Do people who are addicted to alcohol randomly have the sweats		&what are the other symptoms?		
Can a Drug & Alcohol Counselor know if your under the influence			I was wondering can a AODA counselor know if their patient has been drinking or druging before coming to see them? & if so.. how?	
Alcohol and me Am I an alcoholic after not even drinking much		I have only had 1 sip of beer one time and now about a year later (tonight) I had 1 sip of wine....I have very VERY many people in my family who have the genetics to become addicted if they drink.....I was just wondering if I am an alcoholic already just becuz of my genetics ...the reason I think I am is because just after 1 sip I have this EXTREME urge to drink alot more....can one sip do that to u? Cuz I hear it can and I think I have this becuz of my families history of alcoholism		
If Betty Ford died at the old age of 93, was her alcohol/drug addiction very mild...		There are a lot of alcohol and/or drug addicts who die at a much younger age, so did Betty Ford have a mild addiction or did she just have great genes?!		
Is milk is the gateway drug to alcohol				
Is it OK for Christians to drink alcohol				
Do I have an alcohol problem *Teen*			I have smoked weed before but prefer alcohol. Today I had drunk a bottle of wine 17% weighing 150lb being 13, I was pretty drunk, but I felt like I needed more, so I took 4 shots of 60 proof rum, and I was crazy after that. I drink once every 2 weeks, I heard alcoholics do binge drinking or something like that...?	
How can I help my mom with her addiction to alcohol and pills		Im 12 years old and my mom is truly addicted to alcohol, and pills. Her addictions happen like this: She drinks everything she can get her hands on, when shes out she gulps down her pills. Its a continuous cycle that hurts me. People say drugs are drugs, to me alcohol is a drug, and it hurts me to think that my mom has chosen alcohol over her only child. My dad, and my ENTIRE family, is so upset with her. Right at this moment she is drinking with pills, im not with her but i know because she called. Im terrified that it will hurt her, she just had gastric bypass. It really hurts my grandma because they had such a tight relationship, and now my mom has shut her out because she has me with her because of the drinking, my dad is staying at our house to make sure she dosent go back there. She is staying with one of her friends. She will soon wear her welcome because she is a terrible drunk. Please help.		
Why do ppl get addicted to alcohol		whats so addicting bout it. they cant control themselves or do they hate being sad ?		
What r some side effects of alcohol 			Like hard liquor and beer will I develop any health problems Im 16 if that matters	
Am I an alcoholic or binge drinker			Am I an alcoholic or binge drinker? I am 19 years old and work full time. I go out 2-3 times a week, I usually drink to the point where I wake up and remember nothing. My family are quite concerned as I never remember how I get home, and as Im a girl they are paranoid something bad will happen to me one day. I dont drink in the mornings and I dont feel like I need a drink to get me going/motivated so I cant be alcoholic...can I? I recently tried to see how long I could go without a alcholic drink and I lasted 3 days! I then got completely off my face again. So does this make me a binge drinker? Usually I spend 1000 a month of alchohol and partying. Someone please help me answer my question! Sorry I forgot to add that I know its a waste of money! I only realised this month that I spend a grand on alcohol in 1 month when I got my bank statements through, yes it was a shock and I nearly cried. In the future I will be more careful with my money! Im not lazy either and work 56 hours per week including weekends, I always pay my rent on time and pull my weight when it comes to chores around the house! Many thanks!	
How many people think sex addiction is a disease like alcoholism			My ex husband cheated on me 6 yrs ago i got a restraining order and divorced him Well he married her I told her she wasnt the first and wont be the last he cheated on me bfore her. Well now he is cheating on her with a woman they had threesomes with. I wouldnt do threesomes his current wife is as sick as him!! He told me all this with no shame over the phone. A few days later he calls apologizing for all he every did to me I telling me he is a lust addict. I forgave him long ago before the apology. But honestly I think he is fake Cheaters blame anyone and anything including " so called addictions". I think he is putting a lifetime of bad behavior on this sex addiction I dont believe his crocodile tears or his happy horse crap about 12 step program for lust addiction. I know its a problem a choice But to say its a disease? That implys he cant help behaving this way. Alcholism is a disease because there is a chemical reaction to lack of alcohol in the body, causing withdrawal. Byt I never heard of physical illness due to lack of sex. Im a christian Im not bitter but I just see the fruit in his life has always been bad He missed the birth of our daughter bcuz he was on a date just for example. I think its all a big excuse so he can live with himself. Does anybody think sex addiction is not just a problem but an actual disease????	
Why are cigarettes no longer allowed to have fun flavors but alcoholic is			The reasoning for the ban on flavored cigarettes is supposed to be so that smoking wont be attractive to minors.	Additional Details alcohol, not alcoholic*
Which of these is the greatest problem in our society psychoactive drugs, tobacco or alcohol			Tobacco, alcohol or psychoactive drugs, which is the greatest in our society and why? thanks	Additional Details #PleaseBeRespectful. Ok I will cross out alcohol because its not really that bad, you must have control on your drinking. Its either tobacco or drugs which are the problems.
Do you drink alcohol or did you ever drink alcohol		Either way, why do you, dont you or dont anymore?		
I want to write article in newspaper about " ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE". please help me to write this articl		i want to write article in newspaper about " ALCOHOL AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE". please help me to write this article.? please help me?		
Christians: If a depressed friend asks you for alcohol, should you give it to him		Proverbs 31:6-7 6 Give strong drink to the dying, and wine to the depressed soul, 7 So he may drink and forget his poverty, and his misery he will remember no more.	Additional Details http://www.biblecritic.net	
Is Casey Anthony addicted to drugs and alcohol			I heard she was into meth and I saw pictures of her passed out drunk or drunk and ready to puke that were all leaked onto the internet. She also is a pathological liar and her parents seem to be the textbook description of an enabler! I also found this on an internet search-I did not write this I found it and yes it does make sense to me since I know A LOT of people who are/were addicts: Anonymous said... hello my name is j?? i was paying casey anthony for sex a year before all this with her baby she was alcoholic and very very drug addict pills meth coke xanax oxys and would do any thing to get it one time she suck a guys d!ck for 1 OC 40mg in the parking lot of a pain clinic while she was wait to see the dr because she was sick and could not wait she and after that she f___k the dr so she could wouldnt have to pay for the dr visit and get a better perscription she had 2 dozen suger dads older men that were married and thats not counting guy f___k buddy friends that she had i seen it when she f____k 3 older men before 12pm to get money to use to buy drugs and to go out that night after 12pm she would get high have a few drinks f____k 1 or 2 of her guyfriends and till about 9pm take 3 xanax bars smoke some meth glass take a 2 OXY80mg have a drink and go to the club and come home around 3am mostly with some guy she just picked up to f___k and this was her life during the day shed leave caylee at one of her guyfriends house make her money for the day and when her mom got home she would leave caylee at her moms this was her REAL LIFE I can not say who i am July 16, 2011 7:17 PM	
Who is more likely to become alcoholic The social drinker or T-totaller		Who is most likely to become alcoholic/develop a drink problem, a tee-totaller who did once drink but now never sets foot in a pub or a regular social drinker? I ask because i myself dont drink, used to but stopped because it would make me depressed and there are two alcoholics on my side of the family so i worried it may be in the genes. Also my new date is T-Total he describes himself as used to drink heavily but never goes in pubs anymore because he cant justify the prices. From that i heard ex alcoholic: wont go in pubs, lol maybe thats just my mind. It made me think though who would be more prone to becoming addicted? Thanks		
How do you know if you are addicted to alcohol			Additional Details I have gone 6 days without it and a beer sounds good but I could go without it.	
Im an alcoholic and addict. Im in recovery and I am having intense cravings. Please help. Any suggestions		Any suggestions how to handle cravings for alcohol and benzodiazepines? Please help. What I do right now is call someone else in recovery to talk and pray. It sometimes works, but a lot of times it doesnt. What else can I do? Thank You all and God Bless		
How to deal with a alcoholic dad			My dad isnt abusive but he is embarrassing when hes drinking. He walks funny and talks weird and sleeps all the time. Im 14 and my mom only realizes hes drinking half the time, i feel like i am the only person that goes through this and that hes eventually just gonna die. whenever i talk to him , if hes sober he says hell never do it again and he doesnt know why he does it, but then he just does it again. If hes drinking when i talk to him he says he doesnt know why he does it and cries then tries to change the subject. He sometimes stopped for a while, but now since a relative came to visit us he started again. Everyday just about hes been drinking, and i guess im the only one thats noticed it. My boyfriend is a good help about this but when hes not here what am i susspotue do? I feel like my dad is gone... and this guy whos a creep is just taking his place, and i dont like it. AT ALL. It doesnt feel right for me to have to go through this, and im really religious and i keep praying to god even when he isnt drinking but he always ends up doing it again. I dont know if i should just give up on my dad, cause i think hes already gotten alcohol poison, and hes choose the bottle before me and my mom before. If your in the same case, please comment . :l	
Am I an alcoholic I dont care about anything.			I drink a wine bottle every night. I used to exercise and go out a lot, but now I dont. Theres no point to it. I dont care about life, I would like to go to the top of of a mountain and just lay there and wither away. The wine takes away the numbness and makes me feel happy. I only look forward to my wine and nothing else in life, and music as youll see Heres myself http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1HIq-v87?	Additional Details Lol I dont think Im stupid, its just that Ive heard of many other people drinking a bottle of wine every night, it seems like a normal behavior. So I guess I dont know how to differentiate when this would be considered unhealthy. Tnkerbelle Kisses: Youre a doll, you made me feel wonderful, thank you. I wish you only good, thanks for making me feel something other than numb.
Is My Mother An Alcoholic		Hey everyone! So i just to start off by saying that I sorry this is kind of long! I need to tell u a little bit about my mom in order for you guys to help me out! I love my mother. She is a very kind a loving parent, and also my best friend. I am very close to her and although we may fight over stupid stuff, it only lasts a couple house before one of us says sorry to the person. She is a wonderful mother. She has never been abusive, nor a bad parent. But I am becoming concerned. Okay, so my parents got divorced in 2009, and my parents both went to court for hoping to win custody of me, my little sister and two older brothers. My mom almost won, but my father lied in court, under oath, that my mother drinks and drives with us, causing my mom to lose custody of us, since she was considered a threat to us. That was complete and total lie, and ever since then my father would try to hurt me and my mother by telling me she was an alcoholic. I never believed it was true, and the first time my dad told me that, I told my mom and she furious! Now, my mother is completely honest and would never lie. She told me she would have never told me this for the sake of me, but she had to in this circumstance. She admitted to me that that half way through my mother and fathers marriage (they were married for 17 years) my mother had become depressed and started to drink. We had an aupair, so my mom would never drink around us, because she knew it was wrong, and she had a lot of time to herself anyways, from the aupair watching us. my mother was never abused by my father, but she just had become depressed from wanting to leaving to leave my dad, because he didnt show any support and didnt seem to care anymore about my mom, but didnt because she knew it would hurt the all of us as young kids. My mom then realized she was starting to have a drinking problem and checked herself into a sort of "rehab". Now my mom never called it a "rehab" so Im not gonna necessarily call it rehab. But she was there for 5 days, and came back, when the doctors said it wasnt serious but said they think she needed some consoling for the depression. This would also help the drinking. Years went on, and my parents finally divorced and my mom was happy. She didnt have depression since just after the rehab and was completely fine! But since 2009 Ive noticed things have started to change. My mother would NEVER get completely drunk, to the point were she would pass out of puke, but she did drink. My mom would have a couple glasses of wine a night, sometimes a few too many, but not enough to have her, like i said, passing out of anything. Then it started getting a little bit more unusual. My mom would start drinking a few beers a night, and then obviously you could tell my mom was a little drinker! My over this, probably last year or so, my mom would get angry easily after drinking. Now Ive seen BADLY drunk people get really angry, but my mom wasnt like that. She would just drink enough to get pissed off at anything or fight over little things. I would also notice her kinda tripping. Now this would happen like every few days. Then within this past half a year my mom got even worse. Me and mom used to wrestle and horseplay, and just have fun! Well although this would happen a lot, one not recently me and my mom wrestled for about 20 minutes, and she took a break. I went into my room with my sister and played games with her for about 40 minutes. Then I came out and saw her on the couch drinking. Now, not knowing it wasnt like her first drink, I started wrestling her again. She laughed, and i grabbed her arm to pin her down, and she flipped out. She threw me off the bed, sat on top of me, and starting screaming in my face "you think you can beat me?! huh. huh. you think your better than me?". I started crying, telling her that she was overreacting, and that I didnt do anything wrong, and she started freaking out more. I then tried to push her off of me, and she hit the palm of her fist in my eye. Then she finally got up and walked away. She then went to her boyfriend and started telling him that "she beat me, and i was punching her"? My moms boyfriend is really nice, but he also tells my mom she needs to quit drinking. He always tells her to lay off the vodka, and that she is an alcoholic. She mom has recently starting picking fights with him, out of nowhere, after she drinks. Please someone, I need help! I tried talking to my mom about it, whens she not drinking, but she cries and tells me "my father is making me hate her, and I am twisted in his web of lies, and I shouldnt listen to him". I understand why she does that, considering he made her loose custody of us, because he lied and said she drinks and drives with us. I love my mom and dont want hurt her. Some questions I need help with are: 1)Is my mother an alcoholic?		
What would you do if alcohol and tobacco became illegal			Im addicted to smoke and something like to drink to (i would drink more but everything has a cost.) I would go mad and murder someone. Then start making alcohol in my basement.	
Am I an alcoholic do i need help		I met with an accident 3 months ago and i got a limp now which im afraid is permanent. I went out at 2 am in the morning as my friend called and we bought whiskey. My folks are so worried about this coz the accident was caused of excessive alchohol,and they feel i brought this up myself. I am trying to get a job again as i was given a forced resignation from my company. meanwhile i still have a strong urge to drink. I had two beers last night and i was fine with it. Never felt i needed more than that. But today again i get the urge to go out and get a case of beer. What should i do? During the three months when i was bedridden i never felt like taking alcohol. Am i an alcoholic? or do you think I am normal like anybody else keeping the factor that i never had a temptation to have alcohol for 3 months?		
How to help my friends get back on track and quit alcohol/drugs.		Im not looking for a lecture, but Im looking for good advice so thank all for that in advance to whoever dishes it out. So me and my friends have been friends for about 3 years now. Weve grown super close and I love each and every one of them like family. Now we love to party and I partied last year, but last year I didnt do the whole alcohol thing because I didnt believe in it. This year I decided to dabble in the alcohol a bit, and it ended up giving me embarrasing stories and horrible after taste. Not every party I drank this year a lot of them I chose not to, but it was still a dumb possibility. Anyways when we hang out its fine, but then sometimes, especially lately, my friends have been drinking more than usual and Im starting to get worried. Just two months ago, I went to a swamp party (when a bunch of us go to the neighborhood marsh and go party) but there was alcohol and I decided to have some since I hadnt in awhile. I was on medication that day for allergies and wat not,and so the mixture togetherlanded me in the hospital andialmost died. All of my friends knew about this and Ive been traumatized by it and swore off alcohol til Im mature enough to not associate a delicacy with partying and having fun. So since that hospital visit, Ive been staying home keeping busy with family oriented things like hanging out with my little sister more and being a good role model for her. Also since I quit alcohol, I lost 3 pounds so far (I wasnt addicted but it became a social thing) :) anyways, tonight was the first night out seeing my girls since the hospital incident and I missed my friends somuch so it was emotional for me to see them again. I just thought wed be chillin in her pool and order pizza or play rockband with her littlebrother like we always do when we have sleepovers or hang out together, but tonight was different. One of my two friends suggested we go down to a swamp party. I was like yeah sure okay watever. (Because I hadnt seen anyone in forever and itd be fun to go to a party and see what everyones been up to). This party though wasnt fun at all. I wouldnt even call this a party!!! It was actually just a bunch of my friends being drunk and getting high.me and my other friend (the one that didnt suggest we go there) immediately asked my other friend to leave, and we kept dropping obvious hints that we wanted to go have a girls night back at her house like usual, but she wouldnt listen and she took a few sips of alcohol, and since it was her house that we were at, we couldnt just go to her house without her so we had to stay there with her. Finally she decided to go bak to her house, but some weird boys that were friends of hers (but not me or my other friend) came bak to her house. Her mom was home and smelled alcohol on the boys and her daughter (the one that suggested we go to the party). Me and my other friend were fine because we werent drinking or doing drugs (I hate smoking its gross and my grammy died from it) so we knew we were fine. However! Her mom wanted to tell our parents. So I got really nervous, because it was my first day out with my school friends since the hospital and I didnt want my parents thinking that every single person I hangout with drinks, b.c not all of them do. So her mom told my dad that her daughter smelled of alcohol, but she didnt think that me or my other friend were drinking because we didnt smell of it or act like we did ( cuz we didnt). So Im not in trouble. Im just really upset with my friend for risking my social life because she wanted a few sips of "drank". I was crying earlier because it was my first night out, and now my parents are assuming that Im only friends with them because of alcohol and that all of them arent people but only trashy partiers and thats the only reason that were popular. But thats not true. I know them better than my parents and I know that my girls are wonderful teenagers and great people to talk to and we have tons of fun and can they r my shoulders to lean and cry on when I need to. Its just lately theyve chosen the wrong path. (I did before too but I quit doing that crap). How can I help my friends that drink/smoke see that they dont have to start doing that to have more fun? How can I make them understand that everyone will luv them just as much as I do when theyre sober and that being sober is healthier and more attractive anyways? Theyre not doing it to b popular b.c they already r popular. So idk why some of my friends hav been doing it so often lately. I want them to stop before they get in more trouble and land in the hospital like I did that one night. I know them sooo well and I know that theyre better than this and that were all better than this and that we can party without drugs or alcohol and have just as much fun if not more		
Am I addicted to alcohol		I have been drinking for about 9 months now here and there and am a little worried that i am starting to like it a little too much. I dont feel addicted to it but I just really look forward to drinking every week. Should I be worried that I am becoming too reliant on it for a good time? Thank you for your reasonable answers in advance :)		
What are intoxicating effects of alcohol				
Do you think this is a lot of alcohol		I had like six shots of 40 percent polar ice thing, and two beers, and I was freaking smashed out of my mind. Is this a lot or am I just really lightweight?	Additional Details Im like five four, one hundred twenty pounds, and female if that helps. I usually dont drink at alll.	
Can alcohol lower the vitamins you need		So my mom is an alcoholic and she has been drinking A LOT lately..like every night. Her choice is bacardi and pepsi. and she had a fall about 3 years ago and I guess it affected her syatic nerve. And lately its been hurting her a lot. Could the constant drinking be affecting her? Making it hurt more?	Additional Details Thanks Aggie384! And she tried AA but she said it was so depressing it made her want to drink more. And she doesnt want to quit, shes made it obvious. =[ And she doesnt tell the doctors about her drinking problem cause she is embarrassed...=/	
Aged 21- alcohol predicament, advice		Sorry for the length- I hope someone is interested/bored enough to read this- Some background info: Currently aged 21, 22 in 2 weeks. I have been a social binge drinker since aged 15 i.e. I would just drink to get drunk with my friends at parties. It was gradual but at aged 20 I developed an alcohol addiction and eventualy found myself drinking everyday. I have had periods of sobriety which have ended in subsequent binge relapses<SEMCOL> which have only caused more trouble (car crash, isolation, psyciatrists etc.) In March this year after 3 months off alcohol I began regular nightclubbing, which eventually led to having some alcoholic drinks at clubs (with the girls)<SEMCOL> which subsequently led to me going on a 3 week binge 3 months after starting clubbing. During those 3 weeks I basically stopped my life and it becomes all about alcohol and in doing so I lost my part time job. The thing is no one but my family know about this. So my predicament: Put yourself in my position- what would you do? I have a small but nice group of friends, but they all drink. Okay so thats fine, but the thing is a few of them dont understand why I dont drink. On the weekends some of them will hang out together and get drunk and go out. These are all really nice people and I want to keep the friendships, but when I go to some of these parties (which I want to attend) - they just cant understand why Im not drinking- Im made to feel unsocial/ the odd one out while everyone is drinking their beers and Im just standing there empty handed. Some of them will ask me things like come on just have a few drinks with the boys- come on its for Mikes birthday! or have you had bad experiences with alcohol and dont want to drink anymore? ..I dont really want to say okay- I am an ex alcoholic at aged 21, I am not comfortable with everyone I know knowing this (as it will get out)..but what do I do? I have an upcoming birthday/going away party in a few weeks- they will all be commiting the drinks, I will go to the party and be given free alcohol straight away...weve already poured you some shots ..I mean I wont drink and if they are true friends they wont mind (which they havent so far)...but dont usually attend these parties for this very reason (so Im missing out on the social aspect to save this predicament)....but what can I do/say?	Additional Details I knew I would get an answer telling me I need to find a new group of friends. The thing is these people are my new group of friends, plus I work/play soccer with some of them. I lost all my highscool friends through using marijuana and have eventually made a new circe. The thing is what 21 year olds dont drink alcohol on some level? Its very hard to find these people- I have attended one AA meeting and the next closest person in age was 10 years older... Some of my friends are 19- so at their age I know what I was like so....its just hard.	
I used to be an alcoholic. Im clean now, but I terribly miss my old life. WHY!			I used to be an alcoholic caused from depression from family troubles. I moved, got clean, and started my life over. That was 3 years ago.. Everyday I daydream about the good times of my past, but never the bad times of it. Ever since I went off of alcohol, Ive become an anti-social anxiety ridden mess. I miss my old self. I miss being out going, fun, careless, and feeling on top of the world. I had so many friends. I had so many great experiences. Life was hectic, crazy, and non-boring. Now, life seems so boring compared to my old one! Life seems so normal. Nothing exciting happens anymore! Please help me. :( Why do I miss being such a self-destructive person?! Will it ever go away??	
Why does it feel like I cant function without beer/alcohol 		I almost start telling myself ... "I cant make it, I need to get drunk and escape." Then I worry myself by thinking that im going to catch a anxiety attack, but why ??? :( Im 29, I have a can of Budweiser left, but when I start running out ... I almost drift into a paranoid state of mind.		
WTF is up with my dads alcohol tolerance			Okay. My dad is 6 foot exactly and roughly 170lbs. Before i say this, he does not eat while he is drinking, nor does he eat before he drinks. My dad gets drunk off about 25-30 beers. He drinks about 10 to 12 for a buzz or when he is relaxing. I mean, he has been drinking for the last 20 years, but so has my moms stepdad, who has been drinking for 50+ years, and cant even drink 15 beers. And my dad doesnt even get hangovers!!!!! WTF??? When i start driinking, will i be like him?? If it matters any, hes 100% british, and im 50/50 british and irish. NOTE: Please dont say that I will die if i am going to drink, same with my dad. You would think his liver would be shot but hes perfectly healthy. In shape, good weight, no diseases etc..... Thanks.	Additional Details If you are trying to imply that my dad is an alcoholic hannah, he is. He is a productive alcoholic. He makes the family dinner, cleans the pool, spends time with us kids and my mom, works on the family cars, takes us fishing etc.... Asshole. Everyone is different. Not one time has he ever raised a hand to me, my sister or my mom. Nor has he made threats to do so. Smart ***. @Zardakk, Thanks for your input. I would just have to say that he handles is alcohol very well, and I dont think he will stop drinking, nor will I EVER ask him. He has done so much for me, and he really enjoys it. And as for medications, he does take Oxycontin (previously Vicodin) for his back problems. Maybe that is a factor that can contribute as you said.
Can chewing gum make vision weak beacuse of its sugar alcohol		Ive heard an iranian scientist has said kids who chew chewing gum will wear glasses later and then they become addicted to dirinking because chewing gum contains alcohol		
How can you possibly get addicted to alcohol its naaasty!		So i do party and drink a lot but omg i still just cannot STAND the taste of alcohol. ill usually take shots just to get the nastiness over with as fast as possible.. how does anyone become addicted to this ****?? im so sick of adults trying to ward teens off drinking because of "addiction". this **** is gross. you cant get addicted to bird poo or other nasty **** no matter how much you ingest. same goes with alcohol		
In which way u view drug abuse,rash driving,consuming alcohol,smoking and how they can be prevented			how adolescents view them and how they can be prevented plsssssssss genuine answers only	
Why do people go into drug and alcohol counselling			Why do people go into drug and alcohol counselling? Do people who were never drug addicts go into the career? I know alot of people who were addicts become counsellors. Thanks	
14 and addicted to alcohol/drugs		Im saying this now, no stupid answers please and thank you, im not a bad person. Im going to tell you my life story first, please give me a motivational little speech, just support, and maybe something will click. As a child, my parents split and i lived with my mom and dad half and half. my dad and grandpa were alcoholics, my grandpa died because of it. my mom was into drugs and drinking, hanging around the wrong people, staying out all night. I was home alone lots, i dont really remember seeing them not drinking, smoking weed, doing drugs. Beginning school, i had little to no friends i was constantly teased for being a little overweight. Ive been told my both my parents that i was a mistake. Ive seen my mom being threatened, along with myself. I had no one to talk to. Grade 8, i developed anorexia, i recovered but got bulimia and still do. I have had numerous suicide attempts. High shool, i got into alcohol and drugs. I was finally accepted and had friends. All my pain goes away when i use. I use weed, E, speed, meth, and coke. Im very damaged on the inside, i need to hear that someone cares. Unless nobody does... and i really am a mistake. :(		
Can someone tell me if im going through alcohol withdrawal kind of long but please tell me			Im 17 and made some poor choices last friday and saturday. I got super wasted and blacked out saturday night. The next morning i went home didnt eat or drink much and jjust slept. THe next 2-3 days i couldnt sleep good and had the shakes was sweating super depressed it sucked really bad. I also had a throbbing headache that went away. One day i was having panic attacks and went to the ER. My blood work was good and everything was operating correctly. Now i just have a weird sleeping pattern were i stay up all night and get about 5-6 hours the next day, I also couldnt go to the bathroom good i was pooping like water stuff. then i went back to normal but now im pooping water stuff again. The anxiety is the only really symptom i have. So withdrawal or just a bad body reaction.	Additional Details The last time i drank was memorial day. An i drink like twic a month and binge every time An i was running a high fever a few days ago and my mom who is a RN told me to take a cold bath
Is it true that after drinking beer or alcohol..that it takes a while to build natural endorphins again			what are endorphins? and are these chemicals..fluids or other? and how the body makes them? how alcohol makes us feel more of these endorphins..but at same time causes are body to stop making them as much? (is this true too btw?) is this why people who drink alcohol regularly..become addicted..they want these natural endorphins..but the body has become dependant on the alcohol for them? please explain how long it takes either way if can. thanks fo ryour answers!	Additional Details HOW DO ENDORPHINS MAKE ONE FEEL USUALLY? AND WHY? HOW TURAL ENDORPHINS LAST LONGER OR NOT? AND WHY? HOW DEPENDS ON AGE TOO? YOUNG MIDDLE AGED OR OLD? AND WHY?
HELP! Alcohol! Rum Possibly addicted!			I DONT CARE IF YOU THINK THIS ISNT RITE! I JUST WANT ANSWERS! Ok so I just started drinking a few days ago, I am A14yo girl weighing 138 lbs and and I am 6foot 1in, my daddy is an alcoholic, and I wanted to try drinking so I took rum and Coke (THTS what my daddy always drinks) and downed it and now ever since then I trying to get into it, I dont really mind the taste but now I really really want some, every night at 12 (when I usually can get some cuz my dad is asleep) its been a total of 3days and I wanted to know HOW FAST CAN YOU GET ADDICTED? And How much silver 47% alcohol rum can get me drunk? THNKS! DO NOT JUDGE!!	
Help me, I do not want to become an alcohol addict!		if I was over 21 years old I know I would be drinking at the moment getting drunk out of this world! I do not want to become this low life... I want a happy, non addiction life... I do not want to rely on alcohol. My parents used to be alcohol addicts.. Is it hereditary at all? P.S. A year or 2 ago I had an MIP, because I had no idea how to deal with life.. I drank away my sorrows		
I lost most of my family to drugs and alcohol			This is a very hard time in my life.My father and Mother and my oldest sister were the only sober and drug free in my family.I just lost my nephew yesterday to drinking.Not as in death but relationship. My father died from cancer almost 9 Months ago.My mom is still a live she is my only sane family I got left. My other sister is a horrible drunk also a drug addict .She is such a bad drunk. She walks around and tells every one she has stopped drinking and then hides several bottles of vodka in her purse and slowly drinks them over the period of the day.When evening comes she is so wasted that she starts going crazy and flipping out on people.My other family members get all upset at me because I dont want to be around her and they start treating me like Im the problem.So now My mom is the only family I have left.My niece is crazy too.She is so bad on drugs that she hooked up with this homeless guy.This homeless guy that she is with is a real freak.He becomes really jealous anytime me and my nephew would go hang out and so he would say stuff to him to turn him against me.So my nephew would turn on me.This guy my niece is with has nearly turned my whole family against me due to his jealously . He almost even turned my mom against me at one time because of his jealously. What is the best way to deal with this issue.Emotionally and mentally.Thanks!=)	
Rehab centers for drug & alcohol addiction		My sister, who is 16. Is addicted to drugs and alcohol but mostly drugs. She doesnt realize it but I read all the signs and she is one. Shes barely home and when she is she is getting high, when shes away shes drinking or doing drugs or both. Shes done weed. E. Shrooms & coke that I know of. She has over dosed twice already. And has been doing drugs and alcohol for a year, since she was 15, shes turning 17 in Dec. She doesnt have a job but my mom gives her a 20$ weekly allowance(which I think she shouldnt give to support her habit)Since my mom wont do anything, I wanna find a rehab center for her, where you dont need the person addicted concent. I live in Winnipeg Manitoba and would like one where she lives there until she is better. How much will it cost? And what is the number so I can call & ask questions? Thanks!		
If alcoholism runs in your family, is it a good idea to drink alcohol			Im 15 right now and i havent ever had alcohol before and I dont plan on it before I turn 19 (the legal drinking age in my province) but should I even drink at all? Im not talking about the kind of drinking where somebody goes to a party and passes out in their own vomit. Im talking about having a glass of wine at a fancy dinner, a glass of champagne to celebrate something, or a beer when I go camping. Is it safe for me to even drink this amount without risking getting addicted?	
17 and dependent on alcohol and drugs. HELP!		ookay so, im 17 and i hate being sober! if im not drinking cider, im smoking a spliff, or snorting drugs, when im not on anything i get so bored and i dont feel like myself. ive been drinking and smoking since i was 15, i seriously think im addicted to snorting mkat, as ive been doing it for 6 months and whenever i go out i feel as though i need it to have a good night! i really want to stop before i seriously mess my body up, i just dont know how to, i told my self that id start a detox for 2 weeks on wednesday but that night i spent my money on weed, any simple ways to help me stop?! please!		
Is there a problem with alcohol if you sneak drink after drink into your home		hahaha i am a 21 year old male but i drink and get drunk alone MOSTLY! hahaha but i still hide how much i drink hahaha every time after work i buy some beer usually the six packs are my "secret" drinking while everyone else thinks my 24 packs last about three weeks which they do but they dont know i drink more hahaha! i heard that hiding secret drinks means there is a problem which i have done A LOT! hahaha! i hide them in my hockey equipment bag and i tie the six pack up in my work shirt and pants and i carry it into my house and down to the basement where my hockey equipment bag is lol! and on days when i work early i just put all the cans usually about 12-24 in a plastic bag and after work go to my local vendor and trade them in for another six pack i have done this successfully i dont know how many times hahaha! =]:) i even was able to hide several hard liquor bottles in my equipment bag hahaha i also heard that if you like Many different kinds of beer it means your an alcoholic or if like me you drink alone and get drunk mostly alone which i do hahaha i also drink and get drunk when im depressed hahaha and alcoholism runs in my family to! so does there sound like there is a problem with my drinking? addicted? alcoholic? i also hate being sober and i have a HARD time going less than a week if i dont drink! what do you think? and i enjoy being buzzed and drunk MORE than being sober! hahahaha! =]:) i also some times go to the bar and do secret drinking hahaha im a Western Canadian fro mthe Canadian Prairies! hahaha! =]:)	Additional Details but i am ALWAYS a happy and weird drunk and laughs and smiles alot while drunk hahaha! and i am NOT in college! i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder and act weird everyday hahahaha! and im alone lots! hahaha! =]:) lol i have driven under the influence 30-40 plus times id say and i dont have much of a social life i go and drink in bars and lounges alone mostly to hahahaha! =]:) hahaha and i do blackout quite a bit when im drunk and i have a hard time stopping after one or two drinks is that ever hard to do hahahahaha!	
How can parents have a kids thats an alcoholic if they never drank		And didnt have alcohol around. What makes a teenage alcoholic? Thats when it started now this person is 21. When will it get better?	Additional Details According to Dr. Drew in America there is 1 out of 25 deaths attributed to alcohol and in Europe its 1 out of 10. So there is a huge drinking problem in Europe that most people arent aware of.	
Anyone here married to/or divorced to an alcohol or drug addict		Are you still married or divorce or separated? How do you/did you deal with it? What are your experiences? What did it take for you to leave (if you left)? If you are still married, how do you deal with your spouse? My ex is a serious alcoholic and has 3 duis. Has his drivers licensed revoked.		
How often smoking or drinking before someone is addicted to nicotine or alcohol 		One cigarette each day, maybe two or ten perhaps ? And how much alcohol a day before someone develops a drinking problem ? Just wondering ?		
Alcohol : Probably About Health		A Small Intake of Alcohol is Beneficial or it Affect our Body? Will a Small intake as to be a small cup of a Fruit-Fermented Wine Affect us and Make us Get Addicted to it? How Long the Metabolism takes to make that alcohol doesnt exist in my body anymore?		
Why does drinking alcohol feel pleasant		When you first get to the buzzed stage and then even the drunk stage. What makes a buzz feel good and what makes being drunk so fun? Whats going on in our brain while its happening?		
Alcohol health risk issue			Ok Im 16 I like alcohol I get wasted whenever I can but I wrestle so I need good conditioning and a health heart does vonka or other hard liquor give u heart problems and I know alcohol affects the liver primarily so if I took milk thistle would it make liver healthier and coup with the booze	
Effects of alcohol after gastric bypass			my aunt just had a gastric bypass, and continues to drink. so far we know that she gets drunk faster because of her smaller stomach. what can it do to your body?! if someone can answer this question a simple form, that she would understand cause i talked to her about what it does to her liver and the way she not able to absorb different vitamins and her blood sugar but i lose her.	
Why do most people need friends, boyfriend/girlfriend, drugs, or alcohol to have a good time		Is it because most people are needy, weak, and dependent on others or substances as crutches? Ive never had a friend and never needed one. Ive always been self-sufficient and completely dependent on my skills and intellect alone. I dont need friends, a girlfriend, drugs, or alcohol to have a good time. As long as there is research and my textbooks and a library in existence, I can always have a good time. Why cant more people be self-sufficient instead of being dependent on the shackles of substances or other humans that only hold you back from your full potential? I dont buy that nonsense that humans are "social creatures" which was only necessary in the hunter-gatherer age. We now live in the information age and it is completely possible to live a full and enjoyable life without any human interaction.		
My husband is an alcoholic. His whole family is alcoholics.		Weve been married for over 20years, have kids, pets, house...We are in our 40s. He acts like everything is a party. He doesnt have a job. He borrows money from everyone for cigarettes, gas, drinks, drugs, whatever he feels like. He sits in bars and people buy him drinks. The bartenders continue to serve him even though he is clearly intoxicated..and then he drives home. He fights with everyone. He is verbally and mentally abusive. ONce he takes a sip of alcohol, his whole personality changes. When hes sober , hes "hi honey"...when hes drunk I am just a ***** that he hates. That being said, what are my rights? How can i get him to change or to just leave us alone? Why does this make me so sad.	Additional Details He used to be able to have just a couple of drinks and then stop. He doesnt do that now. He starts drinking early in the day and continues...getting angrier as the day progresses. He doesnt look for a full time job..he has no problem asking me to bring him cigarettes, gas, beer, whatever. He doesnt listen when i talk to him. He says he likes to drink, likes to do drugs, he doesnt care that he is losing his wife and kids.	
Is my rejection towards alcohol and drugs "normal"		My father is an alcoholic. I, however did not saw him drunk more than a couple of times before he started attending AA meetings. As i grew up, i also got involved with it and i was recommended to read certain books AA publishes in order to understand my father better. However, i have always despised alcohol and drugs. Not to mention the testimonies i heard from teenage kids, who were sons/daughters of alcoholics and drug addicts, as well as reading certain cases where alcoholics/drug addicts would tell their stories and some of them committed horrendous atrocities (once i read about a guy who killed his baby girl because he was too drunk to hold her up properly, that really shocked me). I do understand these are sick people, and they will always need help, i do not hate them or anything. But i can?t understand why are alcohol and even worse, drugs, socially accepted nowadays. Am i alright? Is it normal? I have never been drunk in my life or even had a joint. I am quite criticized because i don?t drink/do drugs.		
Does one actually feel BETTER if dont drink alcohol 			why do people pay so much money for alcohol if true? and how it changes your mentality , outlook and why? how personality and thinking changes? and why? please explain what you can..IS SAME FOR FEMALES AS MALES TOO? WHY SO? thanks for your answers!	Additional Details TO SECOND ANSWERER...HOW THAT IS TRUE? HOW IT HELPS THEM TO BE WHO THEY REALLY ARE? (AS YOU SAY)
Christian mother, alcoholic father -- whos the real villain		Scenario: Christian mother was a drug addict when she was young (there may be fewer brain cells to work with). She swears like a sailor and uses the bible to justify hatred of husband. Has not worked for 30+ years and takes too many naps. Loves her children and is white. Alcoholic father does hard manual labor jobs to pay for supporting lazy Christian wife. Is wanted in Mexico. Has a 4 day birthday party that includes alcohol and Mariachi music along with cooking a baby goat (to eat). Loves his children and is Hispanic. Whos the real villain?	Additional Details Well, I thought Id throw in the ethnicity thing because most people love to judge books by their covers. It might help sway your otherwise conflicted bias.	
I understand alcohol is haraam in Islam. Is it acceptable if one takes a medication that contains alcohol		understand alcohol is haraam in Islam. Is it acceptable if one takes a medication that contains alcohol, when one is ill? I am thinking here particularly of cough mixtures etc, that often contain alcohol, if only as a preservative. In this instance, is it okay? Sorry if this sounds daft, I am not Muslim.		
Should an alcoholic or addict ever marry anyone or get involved in a relationship		Or is celibacy the best way for these losers to live? its not like these guys make good life partners and even worst parents		
Wife of Alcoholic needs help!		When I first met my husband he would have a social drink about once a week. He wouldnt get wasted but he would drink about 6 beers. About two years after being together I noticed he started to have a few beers every night. I didnt think to much about this because he was at a new job and the guys he worked with all drank a couple beers at the end of the day. He then started to buy a 6 pack of 16oz (equal to 8 normal beers) every night. I started to get concerned. He said that he would get stressed at work and this helped him relax. Not to mention his best friend also drank the same amount. Now 6 years later, he can not go a day without beer. He drinks about 16 a night. He has tried to quite and it last about a week and he goes back. I have noticed a big change in our relationship too. He is more distant and he will not do anything or go anywhere where beer is not served. When anyone tries to talk to him he is rude, interrupts, and will not let them get a word in. This is in simple every day conversation. When he gets home from work he is usually easy to get along with and easy to talk to. About an hour later (after about 5 beers) is when i start to notice him get more irritable and not talking.Usually by the end of the night you can not even have a real conversation with him. The week that he does not drink (when is tries to quit) he is a lot more pleasant to be around and seems to notice I am in the house. We had a discussion about children the other night and it went terrible. He said that he does not want children and that I was selfish for wanting to help over populate the world. I want to blame this on the alcohol but do not know what is him or the beer talking anymore. Several people have told me how different he is now. You do not see him without a beer in his hand unless he is at work. He claims his behavior does not change because of the alcohol that he just gets tired. He comes from a family of alcoholics so it seems to be hereditary. I just dont know what to do. I am lost. This is not the man i married. he used to be so sweet and caring. Now he is controlling and short with me. I have always been supportive of him and do anything I can to please him. There is many times when he is drunk he likes to tell me how bad of job i do and that i need to get better about cleaning the house or something stupid and will sit on his butt while he tells me to vacuum now! I want to have a family someday but with his drinking i do not think it is the right time. How do I help him? How do i help myself? What do i do? He doesnt want to go to AA and he doesnt really want to quit drinking (he says it controls his stress but i believe his stress in just withdrawl). I feel alone.. I love him so much but i do not love what alcohol turns him into!	Additional Details I love him and alcoholism is a disease! Would you leave your spouse if they had cancer? I am not going to turn my back on him when i know he needs help!	
My sister is an abusive alcoholic		My transient sister is in town for a while with her boyfriend. She seems to have become an alcoholic and when she drinks she gets completely out of control and abusive. Twice in the past week she has beat up her boyfriend and he just stays, I dont know why but he stays. She went to jail last week for it and the only thing he was worried about is making money to send her a care package. Its easy enough to say just dont let her come around anymore but my sons birthday is next week. Part of me wants to uninvite her. Granted, if there is no alcohol around and I dont let anyone bring any, shell probably be okay but she needs to get help and turning a blind eye to her behavior and pretending it never happened isnt going to make that happen. Advice?	Additional Details What makes it a little harder is that its not just she thats hating me in the meantime. Its my kids who miss her and dont understand why Im being so mean and wont let her come around, but I dont badmouth her to them so they dont know whats really going on. And its my family who is not on my side about it because they understand her side better than mine. Both my parents are alcoholics, both my other siblings are drug users so they comprehend her perspective better than my wish to not have this behavior in my home. Im the black sheep because I *dont* have an addiction problem. So I put my foot down, make everyone mad and my son has a birthday where noone shows up and I get to be the bad guy.	
Should you : quit smoking SUDDENLY or should you quit smoking GRADUALLY (Same with drugs and alcohol)		note: i am not a smoker, drug addict or alcoholic i was just wondering, because some medical sources say that, others say this		
Why am I addicted to alcohol		I know I am addicted, I thought it would be fun to try and "control" my drinking and this is day 3 and everytime I start to feel hungover I just go and get more. I hate the hangover-I get really bad anxiety - YUCK! I get that i am addicted, I just dont understand why the heck I am like this??? I am so frustrated, why the hell cant I just be NORMAL!!!!????		
Im addicted to alcohol		im addicted to alcohol addicted seems to be a little over the top but its became a bit of an obsession, i like to Drink atleast everyday i dont have to be seriously drunk everyday but as long as iv had some form of alcohol i feel better ill drink Any type wine,whiskey,vodka,shooter,bear, but i prefer a vodka redbull so iv asked a few questions trying to get tips or solutions but mostly getting a 6 hour rant about underage drinking and how i should focus on the future, or people saying just go cold turkey its not as easy has that i cant just go cold turkey if i could i would im trying to get help online and stuff but has im writing this im drinking too so going cold turkey isnt that simple im fourteen please try on focus on the main problem what is the drinking problem thanks	Additional Details i wouldnt say i was an Alcoholic but it defiantly has some control other me and i dont like that FakeID/sistersID	
Is this guy just a "drunk" or an alcoholic		A young guy that is 23 years of age I know loves to get drunk...in fact he can drink a 24 case of beer in just one sitting. I know the signs of an alcoholic because, a close family members is a recovering alcoholic...you know, hiding the liquor, drinking alone, feeling bad about drinking and etc. This young man says he doesnt feel bad about his drinking, he doesnt drink alone, and he doesnt feel bad about it and doesnt see anything wrong with getting "messed up" and "stupid drunk" every weekend or several times a week if that is what he chooses to do. He just admitted recently that he is a drunk, but that it doesnt affect him holding down a job and taking care of his personal business. I see it as a possible problem because, I have witness him in his drunkenness<SEMCOL> he gets into fights with innocent people, he grab some womans butt one time at a beer fest and then he refused to apologize, he is either really nice or really mean and hostile when drunk, he will lose his wallet and phone...there were two instances where he got so drunk that he landed him in the hospital and another time he was stranded somewhere unknown in the dead of winter. This guy tells me that it is "normal" for his culture to drink (he is Mexican) and that its something he will slow down with age, but I beg to differ. Knowing how alcohol addiction can affect the addict and the loved ones, its not something that you wake up one day and say "I wont drink anymore" it progresses. So if he has been drinking since the age of 15 and he is 23 now, at one point does he think he will be able to "slow down?" Esp. if he sees nothing wrong with it and his friends and family are drinking to drunk as well. I told him that its not enough to just have a job and take care of business, if he continues to think that drinking to get drunk is a way of having fun, he will ruin not only his life, but his health as well...his mother has talked to him about it, but he wont stop...he says he wont rather he will just "slow down" as he gets older. What do you guys think? Is he right about just being a drunk and not an alcoholic? Is there a difference (I think it is based on my research and personal exp. in dealing with a loved one suffering from liver disease due to alcoholism)?		
Can i become a nurse with two misdemeanors one for drugs the other for alcohol for		The possession of marijuana was in 2008 and my DWI was in 2009. I have changed my whole life around and im getting ready to apply for the program in December for the fall of 2012. Im very nervous, i never realized how much my pass could haunt me. Im a very devoted student and i never wanted something so bad in my life. I love helping people and that was my problem in the past. I helped the wrong people and got myself into a line of trouble which i couldnt do nothing about. I am not addicted to drugs nor alcohol like i said it was the crowd i wanted to be around in the past. I really want this shot so bad..Any suggestions?		
For those of you familiar with going to rehab for drugs or alcohol: what else could Amy Whitehouse have done		Ive gone through myself. The first time was rough. I relapsed 8 years later and sobering up after that was even more difficult than the first time despite what I learned from a very respectable 12 step program. What do you think?		
Is alcohol physically addicting				
Ahhhhhhh! alcohol addicted ppl plz reply		plz reply. im supposed to go to aa today for an hour. its not that bad and i actually enjoy going but my sponser is goin to be there and i have to show her a list of all the things i have ever lost in life because of addicition. and i really dont wanna go but for the past two days i missed the meeting she usually goes to, cuz i work diff hours than her, but i been making a meeting everyday.anyways im not comnpletely finished with mt list. i gotta b there in 30 mins what should i do		
Am I going through serious alcohol withdrawal		So Ive been pretty much getting trashed everyday for about 8 months. By trashed, I mean at least 2 bottles of wine (or equivalent) a day. Im a 21y/o male and I weigh about 105lbs. I recently started drinking less when I started smoking weed to make the withdrawal symptoms subside, but I find after more than 36 hours of my last drink, I cant tolerate it. I always get these shakes that make me feel like I am going to have a seizure beginning about after 4 hours of my last drink if Im awake and 8 hours if I sleep. They peak around 24-36 hours after my last drink. I smoke to make these minor symptoms go away, but after almost 2 days, I feel like my body is going to shut down if I dont have another drink. Mentally, I dont even want to drink, but I feel like I am physically addicted. On the other hand I feel like I am too young to be going through this. I am writing this about 40 hours after my last drinking binge (4 bottles of wine in a 10 hour period). Im feeling really shitty, shaky, feverish, nauseated and extremely anxious and I dont know what to do. I have been smoking to be able to keep down water and food, but I feel like something is seriously wrong. Somebody with experience, someone please help/advise me.	Additional Details Im so glad I got some replies. Yes Im seriously wanting to quit. I quit cigarettes which I smoked for 5 years. I would have been in the ER right now to detox, but I dont have health insurance. Smoking weed has helped me cope so far. Yes I dont weigh a lot, and Im shocked that I havent ended in the ER for alcohol poisoning in the past. ATM though, I feel like my shakes could break into a seizure. I cant keep my body under control. Ive heard that alcohol withdrawal can be fatal though. Is the lack of insurance worth the trip to the ER? What should I expect if I go?	
Minors drinking alcohol on holidays		So i was just wondering if its okay to give your minor a glass of wine or even a sip of your drink on special occasions? My parents give me a glass every holiday and those are the only times i drink! I drink responsibly and i am not addicted or an alcoholic. Im 15 and have been having a glass every occasion since i was 13. Is this illegal? Do you think its wrong?		
Should I drink alcohol for the first time		Im 17 turning 18 in a month. Never drank before but it seems like a part of life that everyone should experience. Im not a rebel or anything so I thought Id ask the YAnswers community. My friends are having a get together this monday and theres drinks. Were staying over the night. Should I drink on this night? These are people I feel comfortable with and have grown up with. Or will I regret this and get addicted or anything?		
My mom is an alcoholic and its ruining my life!		Hi. Well my mom drinks every night. Im not exaggerating. EVERY. NIGHT. My dad does too, and it kills me. I want to die. My mom yells at me all the time when shes drunk and blames me for stuff. I tried talking to her and saying "Can you go a week and only drink once?" and she said no its impossible. I asked her if she loves me and she said yes, so I asked her why she always chooses the alcohol over me. She just gives me a weird look and says thats BS. I tell her how much I want her to stop and I even told her it ruins my life! She just gave me that stupid look. I tried it when she was sober, when she was drunk, and everything in between. Im never going to drink a drop of alcohol again. How can I get her to calm down with the drinking? Im scared shes gonna kill herself. This has been going on for as long as ive been alive. Im 13.		
Im afraid to drink anything with alcohol		Im scared to drink anything with alcohol in it. The most Ive ever had was a sip of wine and an accidental drink of beer (because it was in my water-bottle for some reason. My parents are alcoholic drug addicts. Im scared to drink anything because Im afraid once I start, I wont be able to stop. I know it takes more than a couple drinks to have much effect, but still. I dont want to end up like my parents. I get made fun of when we go to a bar, or someone brings over beer, etc. I get funny looks when I go into a bar with my friends and order soda. What should I do? Do you think Id have enough control over myself?		
Can you inherit Alcoholism		If you have family who are/were alcoholics, can you actually have it genetically passed on?		
Does being an alcohol syndrome child make you more susceptible to getting addicted to alcohol		So my mother drank alcohol when she was pregnant with me and Im a premature alcohol syndrome child. I have never really drunken alcohol and I dont want to. But Im afraid that if I did I would easily get addicted to it. My mother did the same thing with my brother after she had me. She was addicted to alcohol for 20 something years and went to rehab after getting in a car accident with my brother (DWI). I dont talk to her anymore and I dont want to get addicted like her. I know the simple way not to is to not drink I seriously dont plan on drinking. Im just wondering if I did would I easily get addicted to drinking?	Additional Details I dont know how to comment, Im guessing you have to be done with the question to comment but I know Im lucky I wasnt born with mental retardation. My dad has told me all the crap I had to go through when I was born bc of what my mom did. My grandma has told me a billion times how Im her little miracle and she thought I wasnt gonna make it. I hate my mom for what she did but the ONE thing that came out of this was that im DEAD AGAINST DRINKING! my brother however... is not so smart. I dont know how to comment, Im guessing you have to be done with the question to comment but I know Im lucky I wasnt born with mental retardation. My dad has told me all the crap I had to go through when I was born bc of what my mom did. My grandma has told me a billion times how Im her little miracle and she thought I wasnt gonna make it. I hate my mom for what she did but the ONE thing that came out of this was that im DEAD AGAINST DRINKING! my brother however... is not so smart. My dad is raising me and he tells me to be careful when drinking, he tells my brother and sister the same.	
Rank in order from unhealiest to least unhealiest: Cigarettes, marijuana, alcohol				
Ive been addicted to alcohol since I was 13, should I seek treatment		Or can I cure myself? For years now Ive been guzzling red wine and Old English just about every day. That being said, can I cure myself of alcoholism or is seeking treatment necessary?		
Should I give up alcohol for good		I have had an ongoing problem with depression, which usually leads to self injury, normally cutting myself with a razor blade or scratching with bare hands. I went to see my GP today and after about 2 or 3 years, I finally admitted that alcohol usually plays a huge part in leading me to self harm and feeling depressed, overwhelming emotions. (i was always in denial because I knew id be told to kick the booze and I didnt want to.) I explained that, although I am not dependant on alcohol, (needing a drink everyday to hellp me function), I am addicted to binge drinking every weekend or whenever i have a day off. Its what I look forward to doing most, and while I am drunk I feel amazing. However EVERY time I go out I end up completely legless, my memory is wiped and sometimes I cant even walk. I just cannot seem to go out for one or two drinks or know my limit. Its usually when I have that one drink too many that my mood switches and I find myself crying uncontrollably and cutting myself, doing dangerous things such as wondering off walking in the middle of nowhere or having blazing rows with my boyfriend. It also happens very often the morning after. Im scared that one day ill have too much to drink, my mood will switch and ill go too far and do something which could potentially end my life. My GP strongly advised me to ring AA, because i told her I cant trust myself to have the willpower when i go out to stick the the recommended amount of units. Taking this big step to stop drinking scares me as it seems to be such a huge priority in my life, I dont know if this is the right step to take or to see a therapist to help me deal with self harming. Ive tried to look up online for any similar stories and wondered if anyone has been in a similar situation and would like to share any advice with me. It would be much appreciated.		
Is it possible i could become alcoholic like my father		Well my mom is always afraid for me to become like my dad....hardly lets me to go out to parties. My family say that theres alcoholism in my blood....I honeslty dont believe that. My brother (different fathers) who is older than me helps me get to mom. like tell her that im not going to drink and ****. He doesnt believe that theres alcoholism in blood....That its the mind that gets you alcoholic....the mind controls it that im defintely stronger than my dad. that my dad is weakened mind. When i go to a party thats there alcohol inloved. im afraid to drink im afraid im going to end up like my dad.		
Is there a problem with alcohol if you sneak 6 pack after 6 pack into your home		I am a 21 year old male but i drink/drink to get drunk alone MOSTLY! hahaha but i still hide how much i drink hahaha every time after work i buy some beer usually the six packs are my "secret" drinking while everyone else thinks my 24 packs last about three weeks which they do but they dont know i drink more hahaha! i heard that hiding secret drinks means there is a problem which i have done A LOT! hahaha! i hide them in my hockey equipment bag and i tie the six pack up in my work shirt and pants and i carry it into my house and down to the basement where my hockey equipment bag is lol! and on days when i work early i just put all the cans usually about 12-24 in a plastic bag and after work go to my local vendor and trade them in for another six pack i have done this successfully i dont know how many times hahaha! =]:) i even was able to hide several hard liquor bottles in my equipment bag hahaha i also heard that if you like Many different kinds of beer it means your an alcoholic or if like me you drink alone and get drunk mostly alone which i do hahaha i also drink and get drunk when im depressed hahaha and alcoholism runs in my family to! so does there sound like there is a problem with my drinking? addicted? alcoholic? i also hate being sober and i have a HARD time going less than a week if i dont drink! what do you think? and i enjoy being buzzed and drunk MORE than being sober! hahahaha! =]:) i also some times go to the bar and do secret drinking hahaha im a Western Canadian fro mthe Canadian Prairies! hahaha! =]:)	Additional Details and when i do go to a bar or lounge i ALMOST always go alone! and get drunk! hahaha! and yes i have problalby driven under the influence about 30 or 40 times id say and problalby have driven going to work at least .09 or .010 and having a nice buzz at work for the first few hours hahaha! hahaha and i do NOT plan on quitting drinking anytime soon! =]:) lol and i DO NOT attend college and problalby never will!	
If people say its bad to smoke weed or drink alcohol to be a singer , how come professional singers do it		& theyre great ! Theyre the best -.-		
Questions for teens who drink alcohol		1. How old are you? 2. Are you male or female? 3. How much and how regularly do you drink? 4. How do you get hold of the drink? 5. Do you think about the health risks? 6. Are you worried about your future health as a result of your drinking or the possibility that you could become addicted? 7. Why do you drink? Thank you for your help.		
My mom is an alcoholic in desperate need of recovery. please help		Well im fifteen, and my mom is 44 years old. she has been drinking heavily since she was thirteen and has been an alcoholic her whole life. She has been to SO many rehabs that i have lost count. A few years ago she was diagnosed with chirrosis of the liver. I just want her to stop before its to late, and enough damage has alreay been done. Shes at the point where she seems like shes gone crazy. She said shes never going to stop. but i know thats the alcohol talking. My family and I are so lost. and dont know what else we can do. Shes on methodone. and she gets high off of it. The only reason shes on it is because a long time ago, she was a heroine addict. She has been clean from that for years. She also goes to probation once every two weeks. And somehow she stops with just in time to pass her piss test. If we turn her in, theyll put her in jail. If she goes to jail she will have a ceasure and die, because of the alcohol with-draw. PLEASE if you have any ideas let me know...		
My family think I might be an alcoholic! I am		So basically I am in college and I like to go out. I am a very outgoing person and like to go to bars alone to meet new people just to meet a larger range of people of different ages, backgrounds, cultures, belief ect... Well and like to meet women as well of course <SEMCOL>) Anyhow some weeks when I dont have class too early I go to the bars probably maximum 4 or 5 nights but I dont go to get hammered at all. I have developed a "love" for beer well enjoy it very much and do not think I could go a week without having a beer. The point is that Im not addicted to the effect alcohol has on me as much as the taste of having a beer and cigarette after a long day of classes (which I do probably most days at my dorm). BTW: when I wasnt in class a few months ago, I would go to the bars almost every night for a month but then drastically reduced to like only 2 or 3 nights a week on average. Also dont always go alone but for some reason prefer going alone because if I wanna drink with people I know just do it in the dorms its cheaper go to bars just to satisfy some need I have to be sociable and get into the ambiance of a bar.	Additional Details my familys view is if I drink everyday and cant imagine not going a week without drinking I must be an alcoholic.	
Alcoholic father, need help		Okay, here I go. Long story. My father is an alcoholic. Hardcore alcoholic<SEMCOL> he drinks from the time he wakes up until the time he goes to bed. He used to be abusive, but my mom called the cops on him, he went through anger management classes, and he hasnt punished me or my sister physically in a couple of years (I was probably nine when that happened, Im fifteen now). He is a very violent drunk, though, and still threatens people a lot. (This monday he got mad at me for something and said hes beat the **** out of me, even if he went to jail, and I went to the hospital) Hes very verbal with threats and names, and will literally rant for an hour when he gets angry (which is almost every night when hes drunk, whether its over stupid stuff or stressful stuff). Which leads me to this. Hes recently stressed from an event that happened not too long ago with his sister, and has been very, very easy to anger, even before hes fully intoxicated. Recently, I spent a lot of money on clothes, which my mom knew about, but not him. The amount made him angry, and tonights events were hectic<SEMCOL> I stayed locked in my room, like teenagers are supposed to do, and my mom came in for a brief moment to warn me that they were about to talk about something serious, then locked my door and left. Couple minutes later, I get a text from my sister asking me if I was okay because she heard they were fighting. Sure enough, as soon as she brought that to my attention, I noticed my dads voice yelling from the other side of the house. I listened at the door, because I already knew it was about me. Next thing I know, after a good thirty minutes, my mom comes and tells me what happened. Insert a bunch of talk about the clothes, but thats not the issue<SEMCOL> she told me that he brought up the thought of a divorce. That frazzled me, so I texted my sister about it and she said he was "Hopefully" just drunk and didnt know what he was saying again, but now my mom is depressed and sleeping on the couch for the night. Im utterly terrified to leave my room for now, because I dont want to see my dad tonight, or any time soon, so I cant talk to either of them right now. But I feel as if this whole thing is my fault. :/ My question is this: is there any way at all to get through to my dad and make him see how unreasonable he is when hes drunk? When hes sober, he can act like a jerk or a big teddy bear, but hes more like a normal parent until 2pm. Im just getting to the point where I cant stand to be around him at all because Im scared something I do will set him off, and I dont want to be near him or communicate with him anymore because of it. So Im scared to approach him in the morning when hes sober, as well. Part of the problem is also that hes very deep in denial<SEMCOL> he wont admit that hes an alcoholic and when someone brings it up seriously he jokes about it rather rudely and says they can kiss his *. Hes *very* addicted to alcohol. I dont want this to keep happening<SEMCOL> I feel like my family is splitting apart because fights like this have been happening often, usually involving me now-a-days. And this is the first time hes brought up divorce when hes drunk. :[	Additional Details My dad isnt all bad all the time, and he -is- my dad. Id prefer not to have a broken family, even with all our issues. And mom is really sad about it. I dont want them divorced if it depresses her, as well.	
I really enjoy alcohol Does it mean Im an alcoholic			Im underage so whenever I get alcohol I drink it. I wish everyday that I had alcohol, I really cherish life when Im drunk. I dont like to get a buzz and I dont like to get wasted, I like to be in between. My father is an alcoholic. I just drank a bottle of wine by myself? The only alcohol I like is white wine, specifically chardonnay.	
Liver disease with chronic alcohol abuse help		Heey :) Im 20 and my mam is a veryy bad alcoholic, she has been drinking litterally everyday for the pst 2 years...brandy and vodka. she is violently ill and is vomitting everyday. she is soo addicted to drink, she just sits in bed all day drinking her brndy until she vomits. She was admitted to a rehab clinic loads of times but keeps checking herself out again, she now has jaundice and cirrosis of the liver. i want to know how long do you think she has left? And cn her liver disease be cured? Honest answers please, and non judgemental! Thanks A Mill (:		
Making a drugs and alcohol website		basically i want to set up a website for family and Friends of drug addicts and alcoholics, (not for the addicts themselves) to give them support and help as i have been through this myself and know it is hard to deal with sometimes! but as i am not a Professional is this ok for me to make a website? as obviously i wont be able to give Professional support and advice?		
Can you be an alcoholic if you have never drank before			Im only 15, and i have never has an alcoholic beverage. But my mom is worrying me, apparently i have alcoholism on all sides of my family so she said i most likely am an alcoholic...or i could become one...whatever. Im a bit confused on the whole thing. Do you become an alcoholic when you drink? Or are you one already, but you just dont know it yet? I know what alcoholism is, its when you cant stop drinking and whatknot. Like your addicted to it. My mom became concerned when i told her i actually like the smell of alcohol...its a bit weird that i do, isnt it? Also, im addicted to sugar. Like i honestly cannot go without it, i start having withdrawls if i dont have my daily dose and i get irritaed, flinchy, and jittery and stuff. So, i guess the point is, am i an alcoholic or not? Or will i not know until i start drinking? (if i ever start drinking at all). Thanks for your answers, im rly confused :P	
Is drinking alcohol a sin if you dont get addicted		Like if youre just a social drinker or something like that.		
Do I have an alcohol problem		I dream of getting really drunk, as it is the biggest high in the world! I have had some bad experiences with alcohol, but have never gotten a DUI at least. I havent driven drunk for about nine months. Im 17 days clean & sober and in an outpatient alcohol rehab program. Tomorrow is a wine festival and I always drink a lot at them. I am dying to go. For the last three years or so I have drank 2-4 glasses of wine a night. I never drink at work. I take meds for bipolar, anxiety & depression, also. Do you think I have an alcohol problem that really requires outpatient rehab, which Im in right now? Thx.	Additional Details 2-4 glasses of wine only get me buzzed, not drunk, FYI. I only get drunk about once every two months, and I then drink about 5 drinks.	
How many glasses of wine a night does it take for one to be an alcoholic		I say if you drink a bottle a night, or four glasses, you have an alcohol problem & are maybe an alcoholic. I say any less than that and it means you are just having a good time & relaxing, as long as you arent driving or working while youre drinking. How many glasses of wine a night does it take for one to be an alcholic? Thanks.	Additional Details I cant go a day without drinking, I need to drink at least three drinks a night and sort of am suffering through withdrawals by not drinking for two weeks now. I drink alone mostly. Thx.	
If I miss not drinking alcohol terribly, does that mean Im an alcoholic		So sorry that I post this question so much, but I have many mental health disorders, and take meds for them. I obsess over things. Drinking only 3-4 glasses of wine a night shouldnt be something to be missed so terribly. Im 17 days clean & sober & I still miss the alcohol, wanting to get buzzed every day. I rarely get drunk from 3-4 glasses of wine. I love alcohol to death, and it is the main thing I look forward to. That & surfing the Internet, going to the movies and watching reality TV. Does drinking only 3-4 glasses of wine a night, and missing it terribly, mean Im an alcoholic? Thx!	Additional Details I was recently suicidal, but I think that is more to do with how poorly Im doing at my highly stressful job. Im not suffering through physical withdrawals, but I feel like I am suffering through psychological withdrawals. Im 17 days sober. Im also addicted to food and coffee.	
Would it be too forward for me to ask out a guy Im in outpatient alcohol rehab with, after we complete it		The rule is were not supposed to date people were in our alcohol rehab outpatient program with. But, what about after we complete it? Is it okay then to ask the person out? Im a girl, and hes a guy. I dont get a sense that he has an attraction towards me & I dont give him the sense of it either. What if I just give my phone# out to all of the people Im in rehab with, including him? We dont hang around together on breaks, but we do occasionally chat w/each other. Thanks.		
Why are all alcoholics/drug addicts handed SSD		I know of 5 people who ruined their lives by doing drugs and drinking alcohol and in return they were just handed free medical and SSD money to them for the rest of their lives...HOW COME?		
I obsess over alcohol--am I just missing it and not an alcoholic		I have anxiety and bipolar, so I keep asking this question. I only drink about 2-4 glasses of wine and this only makes me relax, not get drunk. I do this alone every night & have for the past three years or so. I am 20 days sober & all I can do is miss alcohol. It was the brightest point of my life practically. It practically was the only way I could relax & have fun. I am only funny when I drink, believe me. Am I just missing alcohol, like I would miss coke or coffee or am I an alcoholic? I also am addicted to going onto Yahoo Answers, the Internet, Facebook & coffee. When I go out, btw, I drink about four Margaritas and boy do I feel great. Thanks.	Additional Details I also have anxiety. I take four meds for my mental disorders. I also have depression.	
Does any body have any tips on how to deal with a bdp alcoholic.		she has not been diagnosed but she has all the symptoms and the back ground for it. i almost want to call it narcissistic personality but her hate is mostly directed toward men. she also has hormone issues but refuses to see a doctor. she drinks every day to excess. her anger is always rite at the surface but the alcohol makes it worse.things can be going smooth and then she just opens up the flood gates and says things almost like she is provoking an argument. there seems to be no reasoning with her. she asked me to find her a hormone doctor so i did. then she refused to go because she said i was trying to fix her. its a constant raising of the bar type of thing. she has no reason not to trust me but she claims she cant. she keeps saying this is all because of her father. she knows its not right but claims nothing can be done about it. she has been a friend of mine for a long time. i given up on ever having a relationship out side of friends with her. i feel like the only thing left is to lay it on the table and just tell her she needs help. this will not go well at all. the few friends she has are not going to help. most of them seem to be toxic. i never say this out loud.		
Are these effects of alcoholism 		Ok.. My mom was an alcoholic for at least 5 years. Went through rehab, etc. I do not see her Often because I have lived with my dad after he divorced her because of her because of her addiction. (yes, I did say addiction.. I do not believe alcoholism Is a disease, although my mom always says it is) anyway... When I do see her I can tell when she is completely sober or when she has had a drink. Her voice changes and her entire Face just looks different. I am embarrassed to introduce my boyfriend/ friends to her because she just has the "look" of an addict. She repeats things and doesnt know when enough if is enough(in an argument). She acts different from My friends moms, shes clumsy too. And its so embarrassing. How can I get Over this embarrassment? Some times Im afraid if I introduce My boyfriend to her, he will think Ill turn out like her Or something. Supposedly she had been clean for 3 years but I believe she Still drinks from the way she looks and acts 70% of the time when Im around her. Then theres that 30% of the time that I can tell she is completely sober and I enjoy spending time with her		
If some one is addicted to drugs or alcohol does that make them weakminded		I just had a conversation with a friend and she referred to the above as weak-minded people. I do not necessarily feel that way. What are you guys thoughts?		
To intervene or not to intervene All adults with family drug and alcohol issues please respond		My mother is 50 years old and she has been an alcoholic for most of my life. She and my father got sober for about five years, mostly during my highschool years. A year after I graduated from highschool my father died from cancer. It was very unexpected and he only lived seven months after his diagnosis. My mom has taken it really hard but its been almost 8 years now in November and she is an out of control alcoholic. She started drinking again maybe three to four months after he passed and hasnt stopped since. She has been in car wreaks, been in jail, and on probabtion. She is a functioning alcoholic which means that she is able to work and drink and keep most of her life in order (i guess it seems like it). She makes a lot of money, so she is very independent and doesnt rely on anyone to help her support her habit. The main thing that I was wondering is if I should get and interventionist and perform an intervention for her because I think that she needs professional help to get over her addiction and face her problems so that she can have a happy and productive life and a relationship with me and my husband and our future kids should we decide to have them. My aunt told me that she did an intervention on my uncle who was addicted to crack and that its a waste of time because they will go but they will just use again because they have to want it for themselves and making them go to treatment is not them wanting to do it for themselves<SEMCOL> they end up just going for everyone but themselves. From your own experience, do you think I should get an interventionist or do you think that this is something that she should want for herself? Sometimes I think that the intervention would be more for me though than her because if she does end up dying from this either in a car wreak or through disease or if she ends up in jail.....I feel better knowing that I tried everything that I could to help her. I would hate to be stuck with the guilt the rest of my life, not knowing if I could have made a difference. I am so confused. Addiction has ruined my family inside and out.	Additional Details Yes, I wrote her this long letter saying that if she is drinking that I will not let her be around my kids. I dont think that she really cares. It makes her such a different person from who she really is. I told my husband the other day that I havent seen my mom in almost 8 years and its true. I see her every week but that person that I see is not my mom. This sucks because I miss her so much.	
What exactly are alcoholics addicted to, the taste effects of alcohol				
Am I addicted I take a lot of pills and alcohol. 			I take ambien everyday at school and I drink almost everyday (often alone). I often drink to the point of blacking out. I sit in my tub so that puke doesnt get on any carpets or furniture.	
Am i addicted to alcohol		i am 23 and i have gotten drunk close to every night for the past 4 or 5 months by myself and with friends... but mostly by myself out of boredom. then recently i havent had enough money to continue getting drunk any night for a week... so i figured i would figure out if i really needed alcohol or not... but it wasnt a problem at all. like it didnt even bother me nor did i think about it... but now i just got paid last night and i got drunk last night and i am getting drunk tonight as well. so i mean what does this make me? i mean i think alcohol is awesome it is definitely my favorite drug... but going without it doesnt seem to bother me at all even after drinking almost every night for almost a half a year. i mean to me it just feels like something i choose to do rather than something i need to do... its like i feel no need involved. even people around me were starting to get concerned about it and i would just laugh because i didnt feel like i needed it and they seemed to think that i did... and they even made me wonder about it... i basically just proved them wrong and now i kinda feel upset with them for making me question what i already knew. now i want to give them the bird and tell them to mind their own damn business because half of them smoke or chew tobacco multiple times per day. eff it.		
Which is worse for you, alcohol or cigarettes	Lovely 		My friend and I are having a debate on which is worse for your health. Ill tell you what side Im on after, but I want to know other opinions! Thanks a ton :) xox	
Why are people so addicted to alcohol			What is the appeal to this common addiction?	
Does anybody have an alcoholic parent		Does anybody have an alcoholic parent? I am 17 years old, and I had an alcoholic father. It was the toughest thing I ever had to go through......He passed away on Christmas.........but it is still wicked hard everyday.... If you have an alcoholic parent you can talk to me....(dont mean to sound like a creep.) but you can email me at guitargurl1324@yahoo.com but just remember to put ALCOHOL PARENT as the subject. When I was younger school was hard because I felt like nobody got it, and I didnt tell anybody either...I dont want anybody to go through what I went through during Christmas Vacation. THat was seeing my father in his coffin, and the hardest thing is thinking " wow...my dad is buried under ground.." It sucks...so if you dont wanna talk to me, talk to somebody please...trust me it will help.		
Why are pregnant women who still smoke and drink alcohol		Allowed to keep the baby when it is born? I mean if they are unable/dont want to protect their child before its born, how will the manage it after birth? Every drop of alcohol or every time they smoke is harming the baby, what part of that dont they understand?		
Type of people suffering from Alcohol		Which type of people suffer from alcohol? Is it usually the teens or people who go to nightclubs or maybe something else? Itll be a huge help if someone answered!!!		
I Have Lost Everybody Around Me Because Of Alcohol And Drug Problems, Now I Dont Know Who To Turn To			I?ve already been diagnosed with Depression and PTSD. I feel like I have nobody around to talk to. Im so worried that these painful past experiences and negative thinking are bringing me so down. At times I feel positive and bright, and then something simple can knock me down, left feeling terrible. I feel like my life has gotten worse and worse in almost all aspects. I have this intense anxiety that kicks in with normal day to day things. All this stuff that happened to me, has left me with this whole, "What if?" fear. Around a month ago, I made myself forget everything that happened, due to the fact I didnt want to be believe it was true. But it is true and its horrible. Theres a part of me that wont let me forget how real it was. I want to be able to accept how true it is without feeling depressed all the time. I was a self harm addict, because slitting myself open, it was the most important thing in my life. More important than anybody or anything, as after everything I was put through, it made me feel so good that I just didnt give a ****. It helped to suppress all the inadequacies I felt. It helped me not to feel the pain of not living up to expectations. It enabled me not to worry about anything. It helped me to not care about the things I really cared about. It enabled me to stay in my own little world and not deal with emotional feelings that would continually come up when I wasnt cutting. It would drive the fear away, but after a while, the fear would return, and I would cut again. I then moved onto smoking tobacco. Smoking helped me not worry about not having a relationship with guys, even though I wanted this to happen. Because of negative feelings about myself, I always thought deep down that I was worthless and didnt deserve to be happy. Instead of dealing with these issues I would smoke and the feelings would go away. Therefore, I never learned very many social skills or problem solving skills. Problems would come up and they would seem too huge to deal with. I would cut, smoke, drink, I would do anything a just to make the problems seem smaller. In reality, they were only day to day issues that could be resolved if dealt with, instead of running away from them. I would smoke and not deal with the problems and let them fester inside until I thought, "I just cant handle it." I would try not to think about them, or go somewhere I could start all over, escape, and hope that would teach me how to deal with them the next time. But the next time, they would continue and I would do the same thing, over and over, until it was killing me. Lately, Im starting to turn to other things, like illegal drugs, in the hope that these things would give me pleasure, or at least let me not care about the problems that followed me wherever I went, and that these feelings I carried around would go away. They didnt. All the alcohol and drugs did was push me farther down, to the point that I finally thought, "There has got to be a better way." I gave in and sought help. But who is there to help me? In all seriousness, who is?	
Can bugs be addicts or alcoholics		it seems the skeeters take to my buddies that drink but not to me and they have to be getting in some drugs and nicotine from the blood and bam they are addicted i can picture it now two skeeters sittin next to each other while getting their blood beer fix and saying 2 palmeto bugs and nat walk into a bar just sayin		
How much alcohol is too much (long read)			Ill start off by saying that I enjoy drinking alcohol. Not just any alcohol, though... I enjoy craft beer, mid to top shelf bourbon, and wine. Thats it, though. I enjoy these because of complexity of flavors and new experiences. Sometimes I drink quite a bit every night for a week or so. I crave the taste of the beer, bourbon, or wine. But I dont think its the alcohol that Im craving. If I had a whole case of bud lite, a bottle of Heaven Hill, and a fifth of Mad Dog wine and I was having one of these cravings, I would just have to deal with it because I wouldnt drink any of that stuff. I thoroughly enjoy the complexity of craft beers such as Stone, Sierra Nevada, Sam Adams, and Dogfish Head<SEMCOL> as well as small batch bourbons and wine. But does that mean Im an alcoholic? If I enjoy and crave these am I addicted? I think so.. But its like an addiction to gourmet food, not alcohol, in my opinion. What do you think? Like I said, if tomorrow I woke up and the only alcohol in the world left was crappy American lagers and cheap $5 whisky, Id be sober forever.	Additional Details Its not that I have trouble going extended periods without alcohol... Im fine with that. But every night at dinner I can imagine just exactly what style of beer or wine would perfectly suit the meal and what kinds of odd pairings Id like to try. Like I said, I crave the experience of new beers and stuff, but not the alcohol. Its not about being snobby, its about having a hobby. Ill often buy sampler packs of beer that contain 6 - 12 different beers from a particular brewer. When I do this, Ill often have about 8 (any more and I feel ill). Or Ill try a new brand of wine. Since wine rapidly oxidizes after its opened, Ill usually drink the whole bottle (which isnt as much alcohol as it sounds) Also, on the occasional night that I do over consume and wake up filly icky, its nearly impossible for me to drink again for a few days. I figure if I were addicted Id need to drink every day no matter what. But what do I know? Thats why Im here asking...
Can you be an alcoholic without ever taking a drink			Alcoholism runs in my family, and i know that if someone in your family is an alcoholic that you have a higher chance of becoming addicted to alcohol. But... back to the question.	Additional Details I know alcoholism is genetic. Im wondering about being an alcoholic without ever becoming drunk... Only alcohol consumption being a sip of one alcoholic beverage. At that point... are you an alcoholic. (sorry its a debate between a friend of mine and I)
Whats whorse  alcohol or weed , whats the diffrent		hi , i just need to know , thanks !	Additional Details i meant "worse" sorry my bad english	
Do you agree with me; Overweight people need as much help as an alcoholic			Additional Details In loosing weight, stop eating unhealthy foods and such.	
Doing a study for school, do alcoholics burn alcohol faster		Hi! Doing a psychology/biology study for school. I choose alcoholics because I thought it was an important issue for college students. My question is, why do alcoholics seem to be much more sober than everyone else. I understand there is a tolerance level that increase with alcoholism...but I would also like to know if alcoholics process alcoholic quicker than light/social drinkers?	Additional Details Im not asking about tolerance, Im asking about the bodys ability to get rid of alcohol.	
How is alcoholism a disease		My mother is an alcoholic, me and my brother and sister have all tried to get her to give up drinking but its completely hopeless. (Were all adults) she drinks a 12 pack of beer every night, four beers get her drunk- but she just keeps drinking. She drinks alone every time, always starting at 5pm and says she does it because shes depressed and cant/wont stop. Shes been doing this ever sense any of us can remember, at least a few decades. I understand dependance and addiction but my mother always taught me that alcoholism is not a disease so having been raised to think that I am now having a hard time seeing how it IS a disease. Someone please explain to me how it is? Maybe if I convince her that it is she will be more likely to treat it like a disease and get help.		
How to reduce weight gain while drinking alcohol		We all know alcohol is probably the worst thing while on a diet but being in college its tough to avoid. I already plan on drinking miller chill which only has 100 calories per bottle, drinking a bunch of water before bed and not binge eating once I get home. Is there anything else I could do to minimize weight gain while drinking?		
If one of your parents is an alcoholic, for as long as you can remember, what are your chances of following 		my mum has been an alcoholic for my whole life, she relapses all the time even tho she quits for like a few months a year. since i can remember shes been in and out of hospital, and since i was 15-16 i was the one sitting in there for hours with her. im 19 now and sometimes i notice myself reaching for alcohol to solve my problems but i know if i ever had a husband and children i would never do that. i know how much it hurts people and tears emotions apart, i know years ago i should have seen someone because it got bad for me, but im kind of coping now and im abit old to be moaning about it now, what is the percentage of alcoholics children following thier path?	Additional Details i tend to only drink socially, i havent had a drink for about a year, because i havent been out, if your bought up seeing that, its soo easy to turn to it, its all you really know... so maybe its not genetics.. but its drummed into children as bring normal to them i had jaundice when i was born, so i am very suspicious about that, but i was slightly premautre.. i got told she stopped drinking when she was pregnant but im not really sure i have openly been drinking since i was around 14, the way my dad saw it was that he didnt want me rebelling, i was obviously a daddys girl, he smokes, my mum drinks, i occasionally do both, but when i started i found it hard to stop, now im sorted, ive grown up and im controlling it, its just hard,, im considering seeing someone about it, i live in the uk so it would be free, but im not sure, i tend to clam up i find it easier to type it all here, because i know noone knows me, noone judges me, and if they do, they will never know who i am.	
Addicted alcohol,cigarettes and sex 			Im 20 years old and have developed an addiction to alcohol,cigarettes and sex. I know it has a lot to do with a chemical effect but I strongly believe that theres more to it and refuse to talk to anyone (family & friends) about my issues, fearing they judge me to harshly and the absolute last thing I need is a pity party. So ill jump right to it. Ive been sexually molested numerous of times by different people growing up 2 being family members and I can remember it happening as fare as 5 years old up untile I was about 9. My mothers a crystal-meth addicted I never knew my father. These things as a child never really effected me. I was a happy kid for most part, up untile I started getting older and realizing the severity of everything Ive gone thru. I guess I just blocked a lot of things out. So around 14 I developed a drinking problem, 16 sex and 18 cigarettes .. it just seems to get worse. I was clean for a year. But recently as of two months ago its began again.Ive managed to control my drinking habit because of work and school. I drink every weekend sometimes once out of the week but I feel the urge to way to often to. Ive had sexual encounters with 5 different people in the past month and I smoke a pack cigarettes within two days. I can control these urges to where there not as bad as they were before but I do fear itll eventuality get worse. These things have effected my relationships with my family friends and boyfriends and my social life. I live behind this wall I put up and Im scared soon ill be alone What do I do? Im desperate for help and advice. Please dont suggest I see a shrink or go to rehab. If I could afford it I wouldnt be here pouring my heart out on the internet.	
Should I return to work yet after being on disability for alcoholism and bipolar		I just completed an outpatient alcohol rehab program that lasted four weeks. Ive been sober now for about 33 days. Prior to going out on disability for this, I was messing up at work constantly, and it wasnt entirely due to alcoholism. I never drank on the job or before work. Since Ive been out on disability, I got written up & am in danger of getting fired. I have bipolar, depression & anxiety really bad and takes meds for these conditions. I have now cross transferred my alcohol addiction to being addicted to a male friend I met in rehab. I think of him 24/7 and cant function. Im 46 years old, btw. He only wants to be friends w/me, but he gave me so much attention that Ive been yearning from a man since I was a teen. Should I discontinue contact w/him & go out on mental disability for a few more weeks? My job is very stressful for anyone really. Thx.		
Help my dad is alcohol addicted		he drinks 7 days a week.i want to tell him he needs help and fast to but it would be to awkward.what do I say? uh dad youre an alcoholic?i feel like id rather live on the street .i need to make him stop but how		
Do i sound like i have a problem with alcohol or am i addicted		I am a 21 year old male but i drink/drink to get drunk alone MOSTLY! hahaha but i still hide how much i drink hahaha every time after work i buy some beer usually the six packs are my "secret" drinking while everyone else thinks my 24 packs last about three weeks which they do but they dont know i drink more hahaha! i heard that hiding secret drinks means there is a problem which i have done A LOT! hahaha! i hide them in my hockey equipment bag and i tie the six pack up in my work shirt and pants and i carry it into my house and down to the basement where my hockey equipment bag is lol! and on days when i work early i just put all the cans usually about 12-24 in a plastic bag and after work go to my local vendor and trade them in for another six pack i have done this successfully i dont know how many times hahaha! =]:) i even was able to hide several hard liquor bottles in my equipment bag hahaha i also heard that if you like Many different kinds of beer it means your an alcoholic or if like me you drink alone and get drunk mostly alone which i do hahaha i also drink and get drunk when im depressed hahaha and alcoholism runs in my family to! so does there sound like there is a problem with my drinking? addicted? alcoholic? i also hate being sober and i have a HARD time going less than a week if i dont drink! what do you think? and i enjoy being buzzed and drunk MORE than being sober! hahahaha! =]:) i also some times go to the bar and do secret drinking hahaha im a Western Canadian fro mthe Canadian Prairies! hahaha! =]:) Additional Details and when i do go to a bar or lounge i ALMOST always go alone! and get drunk! hahaha! and yes i have problalby driven under the influence about 30 or 40 times id say and problalby have driven going to work at least .09 or .010 and having a nice buzz at work for the first few hours hahaha! hahaha and i do NOT plan on quitting drinking anytime soon! =]:) lol and i DO NOT attend college and problalby never will! i also tend to have a hard time going a day or two or a week without thinking about drinking or having one haha even at work! and if i do have a problem i AM NOT going to a.a.!	Additional Details i have also been drinking but not necsesearily getting drunk but drinking almost EVERYNIGHT for the last 4 or 5 months! i have done that in the past and alcohol helps me and my aspergers socialize better! and i do believe or reckon in february of 2010 to early april of 2010 i went through three quarters of a bottle of bacardi 151 but my dad poured the rest out in front of me and gave me 10 dollars and i spent an extra 10 dollars getting drunk that night at the bar! =]:) oh well i was still 19 almost 20 back then lol	
Is this a good reason to extend my disability leave (alcoholic)		Im about to relapse because I went out three times w/this guy I met in rehab. Rules are youre not supposed to have exclusive relationships with anyone while in rehab. Well, I broke that rule & now Im heartbroken & ready to drink again. He told me he only wants to be friends. I thought he liked me. Ive been off work for four weeks while in rehab. I was about to be fired from my job, not because of alcohol, and I told my counselor I feared getting fired. She hasnt extended my disability just simply because I feel I cant handle returning to work. I think of this guy 24/7 and cant function at all. Im worried Ill drink again. Do you think my counselor will extend my disability leave because of this? Thx.		
Does alcohol poisoning involve these symptoms		last night I drank semi heavily (for the first time in 90 days, i am a recovering drug addict) and I also smoked weed. I drank one drink of something that was a mix of zup, vodka, rum, gin, tequila and something else (it was in a huge tub) i also had 2 shots of 99 peaches liquor, a whiskey sour, a long island iced tea, another whiskey sour and i had a total of 2 bong hits of marijuana. I dont remember anything except waking up this morning covered in vomit. my friends were in the room and told me that i.... started convulsing uncontrollably vomiting wasnt responsive except for asking to be taken to the hospital would not and could not move when i was responsive i was extremely panicked and angry I have had alcohol poisoning before where i was taken to the hospital, but I have never convulsed or had a seizure while throwing up from drinking the amount i did. I also have NEVER had any of these side effects from marijuana. i know this sounds extremely dangerous and idiotic, i do not have an excuse as to why i decided to drink and smoke again after having 90 days off drugs. But i really need some insight, i do not want to go to the hospital unless it is necessary, i feel fine today aside from a little naseau. i dont think that any of the drugs i was addicted to could still be in my system enough after 90 days to cause an overdose. i also dont think i was drugged, I was not keeping an eye on my drinks throughout the night ( some of them were at a party and the rest were at a bar) but if i was, do date rape drugs cause convulsions and vomiting? Please help, I could really use it. and please save the judgements. thank you		
Do i sound like i have a problem with alcohol or am i addicted		I am a 21 year old male but i drink/drink to get drunk alone MOSTLY! hahaha but i still hide how much i drink hahaha every time after work i buy some beer usually the six packs are my "secret" drinking while everyone else thinks my 24 packs last about three weeks which they do but they dont know i drink more hahaha! i heard that hiding secret drinks means there is a problem which i have done A LOT! hahaha! i hide them in my hockey equipment bag and i tie the six pack up in my work shirt and pants and i carry it into my house and down to the basement where my hockey equipment bag is lol! and on days when i work early i just put all the cans usually about 12-24 in a plastic bag and after work go to my local vendor and trade them in for another six pack i have done this successfully i dont know how many times hahaha! =]:) i even was able to hide several hard liquor bottles in my equipment bag hahaha i also heard that if you like Many different kinds of beer it means your an alcoholic or if like me you drink alone and get drunk mostly alone which i do hahaha i also drink and get drunk when im depressed hahaha and alcoholism runs in my family to! so does there sound like there is a problem with my drinking? addicted? alcoholic? i also hate being sober and i have a HARD time going less than a week if i dont drink! what do you think? and i enjoy being buzzed and drunk MORE than being sober! hahahaha! =]:) i also some times go to the bar and do secret drinking hahaha im a Western Canadian from the Canadian Prairies! hahaha! =]:) and when i do go to a bar or lounge i ALMOST always go alone! and get drunk! hahaha! and yes i have probably driven under the influence about 30 or 40 times id say and probably have driven going to work at least .09 or .010 and having a nice buzz at work for the first few hours hahaha! hahaha and i do NOT plan on quitting drinking anytime soon! =]:) lol and i DO NOT attend college and probably never will! i also tend to have a hard time going a day or two or a week without thinking about drinking or having one haha even at work! and if i do have a problem i AM NOT going to a.a.! i have also been drinking but not necessarily getting drunk but drinking almost EVERY NIGHT for the last 4 or 5 months! i have done that in the past and alcohol helps me and my aspergers socialize better! and i do believe or reckon in february of 2010 to early april of 2010 i went through three quarters of a bottle of bacardi 151 but my dad poured the rest out in front of me and gave me 10 dollars and i spent an extra 10 dollars getting drunk that night at the bar! =]:) oh well i was still 19 almost 20 back then lol i have also had an undiagnosed thorat and sinus infection for the last year but still drink every week hahaha! =]:)	Additional Details Matt M YES IT IS SERIOUS! this ALL happened in my expireience! I DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE ANYMORE! but still drink and get drunk!	
I am addicted to alcohol and video games			15 years old and depressed	
Can an EX-COCAINE user drink alcohol				
Is Alcohol a Gateway Drug				
Why do they put drug addicts in prison but not alcoholics		what is the point in putting an addict into prison anyway when they are already killing themselves? Also why not put alcoholics in prison to while their at it? lol		
Do alcohol & drug abuse addicts feel emotional pain on an almost constant basis		im watching a movie about an alcoholic & she makes this comment.... "just once, i want to feel good for 5 minutes."		
Risk Of Being an Alcoholic		Hey Guys, Im turning 21 in december and my dad wants to take me and my older brother to vegas for christmas. I have never drank and my brother really wants me to have a beer with him and my dad while we are there. My mom was an alcoholic and I am afraid I am at a high risk to be one too. I was wondering how long would it take for me to be addicted, or could I even get addicted with one sip/beer? What increases my chances of being an alcoholic? Thanks for your help!		
What does it mean when you have a hard time stopping after 2-3 alcoholic drinks		haha well i drink and get drunk a lot (mostly alone) and i find after 1 or 2 beers i have a hard time not thinking about having more! i think about it lots! i mostly have more than one or two when i drink because to me that is never enough! i have heard if someone has a hard time stopping after a couple of drinks it means your addicted or an alcoholic? alcoholism like many families runs in my family to! lol i usually do drink to get drunk or tipsy when im social or alone it helps being social better! hahaha!	Additional Details some people i know have told me i have a drinking problem or i could very well be an alcoholic! i am also a 21 year old male! David Schwimmer i DO have a problem going a week without drinking! i would think about it EVERYDAY! i also do A LOT of secretive drinking! and i spend MOST of my money on beer to lol what is going on with me? hahaha RBell i have no intention of quitting drinking, maybe when i have a health problem!	
Is alcohol as bad as cocaine		Society generally make out that cocaine is worse than alcohol, but is it? is it just because of the cost of drugs why the government make it illegal?		
Do you think Im a drug addict, alcoholic, and whore		Do I need to go to rehab or something? I guess Ive been in denial because I thought I was past those days. When I was fifteen I got into cocaine, oxycodone, and weed. I drank up to 6 days a week (including in school) and I slept with 7 guys in the span of 1 year. I had my reasons for doing those things, but I honestly thought I put it passed me. I quit drinking, OC, and coke for 7 or 8 months. I would occasionally relapse with alcohol and oxycodone but I never touched coke again. Now I mostly smoke weed and I seldom drink. I dont use OC or any other drugs either, but I really like weed. The last 2 weeks Ive smoked an oz and today is my first day completely sober and it sucks. Last night I drank heavily because I didnt have weed, then I called up a dozen guys, and ended up sleeping with my ex. Alcohol always just complicates things for me but I drink anyway when Im bored. I feel like Ive lost all of my confidence and I feel horrible. I love getting high and being high. Im not going to lie, it scares me when I think about all of the things Ive done to obtain drugs or even what Ive done on drugs. Do I need to get help or what?		
Do you believe alcoholism or addiction is a disease		Also, do you think you are more likely to become an addict if your biological parents are? Even in a situation where you didnt live with and/or dont know your biological parents? My personal opinion is that it is not a disease. The first sip is a choice. The addiction doesnt start until that sip. I have RSD, and I sure as hell didnt do anything to start it. On that account though, I may be a little biased.	Additional Details The studies that I have seen define Alcoholism as becoming a disease, and use a phrase pre-disease whilst everything Ive seen and heard of  states that their addiction started with that first drink. I also dont think that these studies have some how made it medical fact. Therefor, people can still have opinions on it. There are also some rather good criticisms supporting the idea that it is not a disease. I think that alcohol is only half of it. Studies have shown that people who think that they are abusing alcohol act just as aggressively and crave it as much as people who actually do. It seems to me that these people do have a psychological problem, but that alcoholism is only a stressor on that. What I was saying with that first sip bit, is that studies showing alcoholism as a disease do not seem to think that the disease starts there. Any recovering addict working through twelve will tell you that their addiction started as soon as they took the first drink.	
Whats addictive about Alcohol		I tried a few drinks tonight. They were nice, but I find drinks without alcohol are nicer. Why do people get addicted so much to it?		
Would you rather be addicted to alcohol or cigarettes				
Who would you hire: a pot smoker, or an alcoholic		(you have to choose one)...		
What causes can you get from drinking alcohol		I know you can get causes like..liver problems and poisonings but what else is there? Thanks,		
How long can an alcoholic go without drinking before they begin to detox		My father is a severe alcoholic and it has recently come to my attention that he is more than likely abusing prescription medications (opiates) as well. On average I have seen him drink a 6 pack of bud and 2 22oz bottles every day, sometimes starting as early as 10 am and never waiting till after 5 pm. The other day I noticed that he didnt drink at all but showed no signs or symptoms of withdrawal, seeing as how he has had this habit for well over 15 years I am wondering how this was possible or what else he took to keep from exhibiting any signs of detox. I am concerned for him but have long since learned that I cannot control his abuse, and now I am 9 months pregnant and living with him due to the recent loss of my mother. I am more concerned about how out of hand his addiction overall is and what harm this could bring to my daughter once I bring her home. I have already started looking at alternate living situations due to these concerns but in the mean time I would really like to know about how much danger we are in. I have caught him using "bath salts" that he purchased online and I know he gets a prescription of hydrocodone on a regular basis, on top of all the medications he has stolen from me (I was on xanax and percocet and am still getting prescriptions for them due to my own disability, I have discontinued the frequent use of these medications under a doctors supervision but am still prescribed them as needed- which he steals). I am fortunate that I can control my own addictions as well as I have been and not take the medications habitually to the point of addiction, but I can clearly see this is not the case with him. I am pretty well educated on substance abuse issues after having been on such highly addictive medications for over 10 years and also have a degree in social science with a minor in chemical dependency. I just dont have first hand knowledge of alcoholism to this extent and am still an undergraduate so I dont know what the chances are that this wouldnt affect him greatly (going without the constant heavy usage of alcohol unless under the influence of another substance) or what could possibly hide the withdrawal of the alcohol that well. Any help is appreciated.		
My husband has a drug and alcohol problem and i dont know what to do		I met my husband when i was 19 he was 27. We used to party together a lot when we first met but 6 months later i got pregnant with my daughter who is now turning 5. We got married 3 years later and have been together 6. When i got pregnant i grew up and stopped partying and he didnt. My husband was prescribed percocet for a back injury he sustained when he was 21 and over the years he got addicted. It got really bad this past year to the point where we got physical twice with me and destroyed our stuff. I left him a few months ago, he got off the pills and appeared to be doing better so we got back together. Since we have been back together it was okay for about a month but after that its been nothing but drama. Hes no longer abusing his pills but hes now abusing alcohol and possibly cocaine. I found a rolled up dollar bill in my attic (which is where he goes to drink) I was told by my neighbor that when they went to the bar 3 different guys wanted to fight him because he was dealing drugs at the bar. I know i need to leave him but the last time i did he tried to commit suicide. I need to do whats best for me and my daughter, i know this is a disease but how do i make someone get help.... I CANT! I dont know how to approach the situation because i gave my neighbor my word i wouldnt say anything. I kinda want to go to the bar and ask the "regulars" why he is not wanted in the bar so that way i dont have to bring my neighbor into it! I want to go to an Al anon meeting to get advice! I just wish he would get help :( What do i do?		
My ER doc told me to go on benzos to quit alcohol		I have been drinking every day for over a year. I wouldnt always drink hard, some days one or two, but I lost my job the other day and lost it. I had like 15. I went nuts for some reason and drank alone at home. The next day, I was having the waves of fear and panic (I already have panic attacks and PTSD due to almost dying). I called my local therapists emergency line. I got transferred to a voicemail and hung up. I felt out so out of my body and completely out of control. I went to the ER because I also have had seizures in the past. Not due to alcohol but due to a brain bleed and failed brain surgery when I was young. My panic and drinking are all linked to near death experiences. When I get too stressed, I binge. Once in the ER, I explained my situation. The doctor tried getting ahold of my Neurologist to get me on Ativan so I could withdrawl from alcohol and sleep at night. They couldnt reach him so discharged me and told me to take my Xanax I already have EVERY night .5mg. I never take it because I have heard its addicting and causes withdrawal seizures. So, which is worse? Do I risk getting hooked on Xanax now? I live alone and am horrified of withdrawl seizures from alcohol so I always have 2-3 a nite. Xanax scares me because Ive seen the addiction stories. I am also on antiseizure meds so would I be ok to detox off alchol? I dont want to feel the way I did that day ever again! It was like the world was ending! Thoughts?		
How can you make someone realise they are an alcoholic		Nuff said really..		
POLL:Yes or No: You know someone addicted to drugs or alcohol		What do you think of them? When i see them downtown I always feel sorry for them.		
How to kick an alcohol addiction			Very long story short, I cant drive right now due to a DUI I got last year. I live by myself, and carpool to work. On the weekends Im stranded at home by myself, lonely and bored because I cant drive. I end up drinking the weekends away and I feel Im becoming addicted. I dont drink during the week because I work exercise, which it takes up all my time. But I cant take drinking anymore...its not even fun. I feel I need to get buzzed, but then when I do get buzzed, instead of it being relaxing, its just annoying and I cant wait to sober up again. Its a vicious cycle...I have a good life aside from a growing alcohol problem. What should I do? Keep in mind I cant drive, so its like Im a prisoner in my own house.	
Xanax, Alcohol, Melatonin		I took .5 mg of xanax and 2 shots of vodka 40% about 3-4 hours ago, is it safe to take a 5 mg melatonin now to help me sleep?		
Im 14 years old and addicted to alcohol . Why is that . 				Additional Details thanx .
Should i drink alcohol my parents arent home		there is a ton of alcohol vodka and stuff in my house and my parents arent home. theyre almost never home . so I though should I get drunk cause I never been drunk before. im 15 so what should I do If I get caught?		
Is Anthony Bourdain an alcoholic		Hes always drunk on TV		
Hi, i have managed not to drink any alcohol for over 3 weeks now. I exercise daily and eat healthily to keep 		cravings at bay. I am very happy to be tee-total at the moment and I want it to continue although, sometimes I think I am "missing out"by not drinking or pubbing. How can I stop those thoughts for good? Thx.		
How to get rid of an addiction (non drug/alcohol wise)		Well I am addicted to Furry (some should know what that is) and everyone told me to change or its over so i am wondering how to get rid of an addiction like this. Short and simple.		
Would you consider this to be an alcoholic		say a person drinks 1 beer every night. and thats IT. no other beer at any other occasion. no wine at family events, no parties, no nothing. the only alcohol that enters their body is that 1 beer every night. would that be considered an alcoholic?		
Chances of becoming an alcoholic		So my mom is an alcoholic and my dad is totally ok with drinking and doesnt seem to have any problems with anything! However, my dads brother was addicted to pain pills and has been clean for a very long time. So I was speaking with my therapist today about it. I am almost 17 and I have only drank around four times. And during those times I have been buzzed, but not drunk. So I havent had more then 3 shots or 3 beers, ect. My therapist told me that since there is addiction on both sides of my family that my chances of becoming an alcoholic are 4 to 5 times more likely then the average person. And unlike other teenagers, she wants me to tell her every time I drink. For some reason this makes me feel uncomfortable. I feel as if my fate has been pre-decided and that I am doing something wrong every time I go to a high school party and drink. I know as a teenager I shouldnt be drinking anyway, but I dont want to feel weird or guilty about drinking my entire life. She said as my doctor she is not going to tell me I cant drink but she is also not going to tell me to drink. Any experience or opinions?		
A friend of mine is getting addicted to alcohol and weed...			I knew her since high school. She kind of liked me and she didnt seem like the type of person who would abuse alcohol or weed, but she does now that we are in college. We go to the same college, just at a different campus. She is getting drunk or high every single day now, which is kind of worrying me. (I can tell by her facebook messages...) What should I do? I feel like I lost a friend because her mind is always lost...	Additional Details This is exactly why I dont do this type of stuff... I dont even want alcohol when Im 21 because I heard it causes panic attacks like caffeine or stress for me...
Why am I not getting addicted to drugs or alcohol		I have tried 100 pints of bear, 25 glasses of wine, vodka, brandy, whiskey, rum, cocktails but havent got addicted to alcohol or do not feel the need to drink it again. I have also become extremely drunk several times. All of the alcohol were not my expense and most of them were free as I went to a lot of parties at university. I thought I will get addicted to caffeine after drinking coffee for 5 months, I have stopped drinking but never got addicted to it. Finally I tried 20 cigarettes in 3 days and still did not get addicted to Tobacco. What is wrong with me?		
Is sex and masturbation more addictive than drugs like caffeine, nicotine, marijuana and drinks like alcohol		Is sex and masturbation more addictive than drugs like nicotine, marijuana and drinks like alcohol. I have smoked a lot and have been drunk a lot of times but I have never became addicted to it. It has been a year since I stopped smoking and drinking alcohol. I am now 21. But I have to say that it is very hard to control my sexual desires. It is very hard for me to quit masturbation and ejaculation if I see some hot girl on the internet. I am a virgin and I do not know if I will be addicted to sex if I have sex with a girl. Is masturbation and sex more dangerous and addictive than any drug or alcohol.		
Marijuana vs. alcohol/cocaine/tobacco		so keep in mind, this question is purely out of curiosity, im in the varsity cross country team and run 6 days a week so i couldnt use any of these even if i wanted to.... so there is a huge debate on whether pot is really harmless or not. is it? i heard from an older student that its not as bad as everyone says it is (yes i know very trustworthy source..). ive also heard numerous times that getting addicted to marjuana is like getting addicted to chocolate(is that why its called a gateway drug?)... what are its affects(short term, like affects from smoking) vs. alcohol and other more hardcore drugs like crystal meth? what are its long terms affects vs. alcohol and other drugs? (like affects/outcomes of ("addictions") like i know kids that smoke pot and they are completely normal, and i know kids that drink and they are a little off. then again, if i look at the kids who smoke pot in 20 years, most would probably be pretty messed up, and for kids who drink, im nto really sure. can someone help clear things up for me? please no bias answers		
Speed, percocet, and alcohol withdrawals		I have quit drug use and alcolalism after about twenty years. After a year I am still having what I call withdrawals. Sweats, shaking, and lethargic trances etc. Is this normal? At this rate I would just as well be high. Any info would be great		
How to encourage a recovering alcoholic after they slip up	Got Pomchi		My dad quit drinking in the spring of last year after a severe health scare as a result of his near 30 years of heavy alcohol use. He slipped up around halloween. My stepmother and I (Im almost 21, not a kid) plotted together what to do and I confronted him since he was more open to me talking to him about it and wouldnt let her. I explained to him that I loved him and just wanted to help him any way I could and that I needed him in my life and for him to stay healthy. I told him I couldnt imagine life without him and who would walk me down the isle in 10 years or so if he started that again? He quit and stayed quit for almost a year. We now believe he slipped up again starting a few days ago. He is being an @$$ to his wife and she believes she smelled it on him. I havnt, but believe hes acting like hes under the influence, despite me being there the last two days without catching him at it. I tried to broach the subject and he was not receptive to it this time, and admitted no wrongdoing. I let him know if he needed to talk I was there for him and would never judge him and he stayed nice and calm with me but wouldnt "go there". I called his wife after he dropped me off at home to tell her how it went and discovered he must have found out that we talked about it last time because she wasnt supposed to talk to me or be alone with me. Shes going to be updating me via her work phone so he doesnt find out. He is not at all upset with me at this point-Im the golden child and plan to keep that advantage. He cannot drink or he will end up very sick very shortly-he barely escaped last time without permanant damage to his organs and its taken him a year to recover his health. Im afraid maybe he feels like since he already messed up he may as well keep going. What can I do?	
NHS advice centres for those with problems involving alcohol or drugs; why arent they confidential		My estranged wife was drinking a little more than she felt was good and so went to see her doctor who sent her to DIRECT ACCESS in Mansfield (an NHS funded organisation). These people asked invasive and intrusive questions that my wife declined to answer as shed come for advice about herself- not the children - I am responsible for them whilst she isnt. I do not understand how these people can throw the bone to the stardom seekers at the social services when there was only a bit of advice sought- does this mean that nobody should seek help or that they should all go under names like tom & jerry or micky mouse etc? Just because these filthy minded individuals have unhealthy fears in their own conceited little minds- that are theoretical concerns- HOW do they get permission to break confidentiality laws etc- surely they ought to be governed by some sort of ethics? Would you visit any NHS organisation for advice knowing they will promptly dob you and your kids into the social services?		
Why isnt alcohol illegal and pot legal			weed doesnt do that much damage to your body yes you can get addicted but it takes allot to kill you and you need to smoke it at one time ALCOHOL IS WORSE!! you can still get addicted and it can kill you faster it deals more damage to your body why is it legal and weed isnt come one people im 13 and i know somethings wrong weed/hemp can be so useful thank you (:	Additional Details whats better pot heads or drunken idiots walking or Driving hitting people or getting into bar fights im christian you **** head
Why do people get addicted to alcohol and cigarettes 				
If someone is (physically) addicted to alcohol can they quit (drinking) on there own				
Serious Help! Addicted to ..drinking! (Non Alcohol)		I need help I think! Im thirsty alot and I wont be satisfied unless I get something to drink. It doesnt even have to be milk. Im 14 atm. And when I dont drink enough, I feel a bubble at the back of my throat slither down and pop when I open my mouth. Idk why I need to drink so much. But if I dont drink I think more and more about drinking something. WHATS WRONG WITH ME?!		
FOR A SHORT CREATIVE STORY:WHAT WOULD BE ALCOHOL IN SPACE			So I have this presentation due tomorrow and its suppose to be of planets based on whatever person you want. So I did Britney Spears, Im at the point of her drug and alcohol problem so what would be a "creative" way for a star to have those problems?	
My husband is a alcoholic and drug addict and spends all our money and doesnt pay bills. help me.		My husband is always high or drunk. he is always at bars or at his friends drinking and smoking. he is 29 and so am i and have two kids 9 and 6. we are almost being kicked out of our apart, cause we are 4,000 behide in rent. he spends all our money on his addictions. i try to stick by him but cant go threw this much longer. I dont know what to do. he takes our only car and drives drunk and he doesnt come home till late at night. please help		
Songs about alcohol and drugs			I need it for my teen issue play. They need to be rock or pop or whatever is in today. I only have one. Blame it on the alcohol - Jamie Foxx. Help for more?	
As a social work interns how would you help a client who is addicted to alcohol 				
Can an alcoholic give another alcoholic a liver transplant		my boyfriend (who i live with and he supports me) has just gotten diagnosed with cirrohsis of the liver, the doctors said that if he doesnt stop drinking and doesnt get a liver transplant he will be dead in about 2 years, now he drinks about 2 bottles of 100 proof vodka (50%) every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, i am wondering can a i give him a live donor liver transplant? i am also an alcoholic but i only drink about 20 beers a day for about 4 years, i am 32, he is 39 and has been drinking like this every weekend for about 20 years, now my question is can i give him part of my liver even though im also an alcoholic, cuz i dont know what i would do without him, he is rich and supports me and since my family has stopped talking to me hes all i have, now the price of the liver transplant is not a problem (he makes about 900K a year) but i am just wondering if i can as another alcoholic give him part of my liver, the last time i went to the doctor he said my liver was at about 50% functionality but my boyfriends is at 20% and they wont give him a live cuz of his drinking, so can a give him part of mine?		
How can someone be an alcohol and drink every night			My first few weeks of being 21(month and a half ago) I abused alcohol for the fun I drank every day or every few days and I had to drink more to get drunk but also my kidneys livers started to hurt a lot from all the drinking so I quit drinking for a little while. I dont know how anyone can drink every day with out there kidneys and liver hurting from the alcohol. Do you?	
Why are alcohol and cigarettes legal			theyre more dangerous than a lot of Schedule 1/2 drugs since stuff like marijuana and lsd dont even harm you. not to mention cigs contain nicotine, which is one of the most addictive things on the planet.	
Can A Former Drug Addict-cokhead---drink Alcohol				
What is more addictive..Luxuries or Alcohol				
Why arent drugs (such as coke, heroin, etc.) legal, when alcohol is Im confused...		Drugs arent worse for you than alcohol in any way, so why arent they legal? Or, why is alcohol legal, if you want to word it that way. Both are addicting. Both have the potential to ruin lives. You can die from both (I guess it would be easier to overdose on drugs though...). But both can also be harmless if used in moderation and infrequently. Basically what Im saying is, why cant I shoot up heroin once a month for fun, when I can go and get drunk at a bar whenever I want? Yes, that one time of shooting up heroin might spawn into doing it everyday and becoming a strung out addict, but on the same hand, going into a club one night could turn into an everyday thing and leave me as a dead beat alcoholic. An honestly in my eyes an alcoholic is the equivalent of a drug addict, I mean whats the difference they both suck. Thoughts? Enlighten me. (& Dont just say theyre both bad for you dont do either, actually put some thought into your answer). Thank you!	Additional Details Ryan, half a glass of liquor is a very small amount. You didnt specify how much coke (or whatever drug you said) you were doing. If it was an equally small amount as the alcohol, than you could very well live to be 90. If the amounts are the same, the damage is the same. But you cant compare half a glass of liquor to shooting up 3 dime bags every day.	
Drug and alcohol abuse		My Brother is in his late 30s. He is an alcoholic. He has been drinking heavily since he was a teenager. Since that time he has gained a significant amount of weight. He went from being about 510 200lbs to 5-10 and 350lbs. Despite knowing his habits, my parents helped open a liquor store a few years ago which now gives him more access to booze. He drinks heavily both at home and at work. He has abused his spouse physically on several occasions. I learned a few years ago that my brother has also been using cocaine since high school. I never would have guessed this because of the severity of his weight gain. There are always razor blades on his desk and rolled up dollar bills on his desk. I am convinced he is still using. He is breathing really heavy and fast all the time. Im very concerned about his health. Can anyone tell me if it is possible that on top of the alcohol he can still be a cocaine addict? A lot of people tell me theres not such thing as a "Fat Cocaine user"? DOes this still hold true if he uses, goes home at 9PM, Eats a Pizza and drink 2-3 bottles of wine and then goes to bed??? Whats kind of impact does this have on his health? Please help, this is destroying my family.	Additional Details I have made several attempts to talk to him, he gets really angry and I have to be careful because I actually work for him and need this job until I finish school. His customers all see him drunk, he hides booze and disappears to go drink through out the day. I have tried to tell him to get help, he does not think theres anything wtrong with what he is doing. My parents have done nothing but enable and make excuses for him which is why he is so out of control. Im concerned about how this is damaging his body. I need to know how this behavior is eventually going to affect his health? Is this eventually going to casue him to have a heart attack? My parents are aware of the alcohol, but not of the drug. I have not told them because I know they wont do anything. I told the he was drinking and beating his wife and they did nothing so I dont think his would be handled any different (unless it was me of course). Should I call his Doctor? Im concerned for his health	
What is your opinion about Drugs and alcohol		Im doing som research and want to see what all of you guys think about drugs and alcohol. Thanks Kevin		
Is it bad to drink alcohol when your underage		i dont mean like omg your breaking a law. but like is it bad for your brain or something. can it make you sick and die? thats what i mean	Additional Details oh btw im 14 and i drink at like parties and stuff	
I think Im an alcoholic			Im a tense person, have OCD, and always have a sense of anxiety and stress. I have a glass of scotch each night to unwind. I know alcohol is an un-inhibitor, and it works cause when Im drinking, Im not tense at all, Im loose, easy going, up for anything! But I dont want to become an alcoholic, how can I have the alcoholic personality without actually needing alcohol???...:/	
Is caffeine a gateway to alcohol		If youre in the habit ot using both?		
Which is more dangerous alcohol or marujana / weed. And why				
What are some strategies to reduce alcohol consumption		trying to cut back & not drink so often what should I do? please any information would be greatly appreciated.		
Am I addicted to alcohol		I absolutely love alcohol. I just love everything about it but I think Im addicted to it. I am 20 years old and the first time I got drunk was January, 2006. Recently, I have been drinking 5 or 6 days a week. When I dont drink, especially at night (when I normally drink) I feel really depressed and suicidal. Sometimes I drink up to 6 beers and I barely feel buzzed and Im only 140 lbs. Am I addicted to it already?	Additional Details Alright, damn that sucks. Better than Cigarettes I guess	
Advice with Alcohol please		I turned 18 a few months ago and i go out with my friends every weekend, sometimes i get drunk, sometimes not. I always have a drink when im out though. Recently though during the week I have started to look forward to having a drink and when i do have a drink i feel slightly relieved. I dont need to have the drink, i dont feel as though i am addicted and also having a drink isnt always on my mind just during the night sometimes. I was just wondering if this is something i should be worrying about or whether this is normal? If i carry on will i become addicted to alcohol?		
Bachelorette Party without alcohol or strippers		I am the maid of honor of my sisters Halloween wedding. She and her to-be husband our both recovering addicts so alcohol can NOT be involved. I thought about having spice of life parties (sex toys) she does not want strippers as she finds it "boring and gross". What other ideas can anyone come up with to be fun for her but within these guidelines?		
First time to drink alcohol!		hey! i know that consuming alcohol is bad morally and basically for health but i really want to try one time ,you know, like experience it.... i was worried if i get addicted to drinking...so i just need some piece of advice to make sure i do not become an alcohol addict because i really do not want that to happen! before drinking i just need to be sure!! HELP PLEASE!	Additional Details m girl and 17 yrs old and really excited for experimenting but my society is kind of against and consider it as a bad habit and if you are a girl then its a "crime"!	
CONFUSED. Partner ADDICTED TO ALCOHOL wants to COME BACK and promises to ONLY DRINK WINE		Help mE. Ive just left my partner one month ago because he has addiction problems & he was running up massive bills and debts. now he wants me to come back and assures me that he doesnt want to drink anymore. I was with him 17yrs and he has made promises 7/8 times to be clean and it always lasts 1 week and then he goes back on it again. Hes not nasty but he spends a fortune on drink and partying. Im thinking of having him back and this time he says he can do it if i allow 2 of his friends (2 FEMALES) to move in with him to my HOUSE. He says they will keep an eye on him and keep him off the booze while im at work. He says they only drink wine, mind you in copious amounts but they seem to not run up debt. Then he promises to only drink wine and not touch vodka and whiskey as he says he can handle wine and knows when to stop. Hes cheated on me no end, but he says thats coz he makes bad choices when hes drunk but assures me its me he loves. I have a feeling that he cheated on me with one if not both of these ladies and these ladies are usually the last ones to leave the bar. They live together and are thinking of giving up their lease and moving into my home to mind my partner and keep him off vodka. How can i be sure this arrangment will work. He also wants me to let him have my debit card to fund some stuff for these two ladies as they have cashflow problems and they will pay it all back. What do you think? Am i being unreasonable by saying no to having them move in. I feel i am as hel be on his own and tempted wtihout company		
What is the difference between alcohol prohibition and the war on drugs				
Alcohol ETG test today, its been 85 hours will i pass		An ETG TEST is much differnt than the standard, urine test, it detects Elthynal what your body produces after you have dranked alchoal, i need to know if i will pass, it will be 85hours sinc ei have dranken and the test detects up to 80+hours, im not sure, i want to be honst with them but i have alot at stake. Im not on probations but they may charge me 9,000$ instead of 1,000$. im a drug addict not an alchoalic so my liver may get rid of the alchoal faster. I have a really fast metabolism, anybody know if i am in the clear?	Additional Details i drank, 5shots, and 3 wine coolers, i have been clean for 4months, this was just a bad decison, and i have been in outpatient for 8 months, i relapsed twice, this time i thought i could be a normal drinker, witch it seems that i dont want to drink again, but i did not drink normally.:/ and man, WTF? you alredy answerd? how could u of? if i just asked right now! i cliked your dam link and their was nothing their..about my questions i am not a troll.	
My friend drinks alcohol, what should I do		First off let me say Im a freshman in High School. So just recently I found out my friend drinks alcohol. I found out during one of my classes when we had a conversation that eventually led to what he was drinking. He told me he had Vodka in his bottle. After a while I convinced him to let me smell the bottle. When I did I smelled alcohol. He said hes been drinking since 7th grade. I know he has family troubles, but I really dont know what to do. He told me not to tell anyone. If I do tell someone Im afraid hell get suspended for drinking on campus. Im pretty sure Im one of the only person that knows and I dont want to lose my friendship with him. Any suggestions?		
What does being drunk feel like when you have the tolerance of an alcoholic		I am looking for as objective of an answer as possible. I rarely drink myself (~once or twice a month), but for science (preparing a psychological survey), I need to know what the symptoms of drunkenness are for the constantly drunk. Ive been very drunk before, and know what its like to have the room spin, the stomach retch, stupid euphoria, the stumbles, the stutters<SEMCOL> all the symptoms that Id attribute to binge drinking. But Ive been thinking, and have realized that if I were going to maintain a constant drunk state (as I know that some people do), I would have to experience a somewhat lighter onset of symptoms, or at the very least learn to cope with them better. Or perhaps feel different symptoms entirely. No judgment on my end<SEMCOL> just trying to understand the disease without having to brave the depths of the bottle myself.		
Alcohol is more damaging than heroin or crack, why is it legal		The Lancet, journal of the British Medical Association has published officially than alcohol is more dangerous than heroin or crack cocaine! Why is it still legal in the UK with its National alcoholism problem?		
What remedy and advice would you give to an alcohol addict				
What do u personally think is the worst addiction:drugs,alcohol or gambling				
Why shouldnt Drug/Alcohol abuse be considered as a Disability				
Islam and alcohol		If i am drinking alcohol in very little quantity so as to not intoxicate my body, is it correct?? i mean if i drink red wine every weekend as it is good for body and relaxes the brain and i am not addicted to it or i drink occasionally in parties, then is it correct??		
Alcoholism ruins a family.Why is it allowed in defense who are going to protect a country				
Do you think that alcohol	&#39<SEMCOL>  g   z		Funny how when it comes to smoking the only way it can be advertised is if someone is dying. But all the alcohol commercials show attractive people having fun. Not liver damage, addiction, drunk driving accidents, or alcohol poisoning. You have to be 18 to buy cigarettes but 21 to buy alcohol, that sends out the message that alcohol is worse than cigarettes, but they can advertise alcohol in a positive way all day long. Do you think that alcohol advertisements will ever have the same rules as smoking?	Additional Details Yes, that it legally can not be advertised. Why is it though, that alcohol can be advertised in a positive way when it is dangerous as well? Actually, drinking can cause liver cancer Im just saying, all alcohol advertisements are very positive, never anything negative. Plenty of people die due to alcohol.
What is worse: Shisha or Alcohol		Which one is worse and why? I would want and answer from someone with good and reliable information on this please!		
My girlfriend is an alcoholic		I recently started dating a really fantastic woman. But she has a vice, she is an alcoholic. When she stayed out at my house over this past week, she talked about wanting to quit, but I dont really think that she does, because the last two nights, she has gotten **** faced. She calls me a lot and everything, but she said that she will call me tonight if she is not drunk. She needs alcohol to function. She tried to quit is cold turkey and had a seizure so now she is on anti seizure meds, and she also has ulcers. I really care about this girl, but I am mentally ill myself and I dont really know how to help her. I told her to cut it back gradually, but she claims she will still go through withdrawal. Is this true? Advice please? And no, I am not breaking up with her. I am addicted to benzos myself, but not that badly...		
Why do people who smoke cigarettes and abuse alcohol bash people who use drugs such as cannabis or heroin		And call them failures. These people seem to ignore the fact that alcohol and nicotine are both drugs. Alcohol is really a much worse drug than heroin. Not quite as addicting, but close. And the withdrawal is much more dangerous than heroin withdrawal. People die of heroin overdoses because they never know how pure the heroin is. If heroin was legal and 100% pure, deaths caused by overdose would probably decrease by like 80%. And the crime rate would decrease too. Some people disrespect me because I use amphetamines and ketamine now and then, but then they spend their weekends sucking their overpriced **** getting into fights and car accidents. Make sure you have a brain before you answer.		
Why dont Hindus accept that it is not a sin to eat meat and drink alcohol in Hinduism		Krishna in the Bhagavad Gita never said that it is a sin to eat meat and drink alcohol and eating any food should be first offered to the Lord. A person has to take the karma of doing or eating anything and that is it. Foods in the mode of goodness increase the duration of life, purify ones existence and give strength, health, happiness and satisfaction. Such nourishing foods are sweet, juicy, fatty and palatable. Foods that are too bitter, too sour, salty, pungent, dry and hot, are liked by people in the modes of passion. Such foods cause pain, distress, and disease. Food cooked more than three hours before being eaten, which is tasteless, stale, putrid, decomposed and unclean, is food liked by people in the mode of ignorance. (Chapter 17 : 8, 9, 10). He never mentions anything wrong about eating meat. He just mentions eating foods with those attributes bring those kinds of modes. Manusmriti says There is no sin in eating meat, drinking liquor, and having carnal intercourse, for that is the natural way of created beings, but abstention brings great rewards (5:56) The eater who daily even devours those destined to be his food, commits no sin<SEMCOL> for the creator himself created both the eaters and those who are to be eaten (5:30) It just mentions the dangers of being addicted to things like eating meat, having carnal sex and drinking. So it is ok to eat meat if necessary but it says not to be addicted.		
Why alcohol consumption increases day by day				
Poll: Do you have a family member who is an alcoholic or drug addict		how much do they drink or use?		
Can a person become addicted to alcohol just from taking a sip of it				Additional Details I never drank alcohol before and just wondered can a person become addicted to for the first time just from taking their first sip of it?
Is alcohol very addictive			I ask this question because I am 30 years old and never drank alcohol before. Some of my family and friends have been trying to get me to try it. Although I have a strong urge to try it, I am afraid that if I do try drinking some, I will then become very addicted to it, and become an alcoholic. Everyone thinks that I am too up tight and should try drinking sometime to loosen up. So my question is, is alcohol very addictive?	
Why are so many Christians so anti alcohol when Jesus was very pro wine			I mean it was one of his miracles, so why do so many consider it a sin?	
Are alcohol and drug abuse among youngsters a result of peer pressure				
Information about alcoholics and alcoholism		I was curious to see how an alcoholics brain.. liver... just overall body.. their behavior as well.. to someone whos not an alcoholic. My father has had a drinking problem since he was 15 and is now 45. How bad is that.. ? Just some facts are good too. Thanks.		
Are there a lot of women who do not want to breastfeed because they want to drink alcohol		Is this a significant reason for bottle feeding?	Additional Details HUGE difference in a babies immune system if they are not breastfed at all - long term implications.	
If you dont drink alcohol and someone keeps trying to influence you to drink it, what would you do		How do I handle this situation? Sometimes when I hang out with friends, with whom I work with, they will try to influence me to drink alcohol. I am 25 years old and have never drank before. I kind of have an urge to drink now since they are pressuring me to do it. I am afraid that if I do drink, I will then become addicted to it and become an alcoholic.		
What is it about alcohol .... 		That people like or even become addicted to ? I dont mean red wine, I mean spirits, beers, vodka, etc. Is it the taste ? Or is it a means to escape, get away ? a habit ? for socialising ? I never get how people could become addicted to stuff like alcohol...lol, it smells so vile that I feel compelled to vomit sometimes. I have very low tolerance for alcohol and has hypersensitive reaction towards it. I could have a drink, or two maximum when I am out clubbing. And sometimes I dont even drink when out.		
If alcohol actually increases feeling of "Social anxiety" and anxiety in general...why do people drink it then	Tao		isnt the reason a lot of people drink alcohol is to decrease anxiety? how alcohol is said to increase anxiety actually after and why? why people drink it still then?	Additional Details HOW MUCH MORE DOES IT INCREASE FEELINGS OF ANXIETY IN MOST PEOPLE AND IS THIS MOSTLY SOCIAL ANXIETY OR OTHER TYPES OF ANXIETY AND WHY?
I got a Minor in possesion of Alcohol ticket but didnt go to court now what do i do		I got a ticket maybe 2 years ago. I was going through a rough patch in my life growing up with a drug addict and had no money to pay it and didnt go to court. Now im trying to get my life back on track by paying this as this is the only thing i have. Should i just go to court and pay it or are they gonna go mean and give me all these offences? They already suspended my license for it. Any Help is appreciated!	Additional Details So should i just walk into the Court house and ask to set up a court date for me?	
Is alcohol a physical or psychological addiction						
How can I eliminate alcohol from my life		Hi, Im 20 y/o who lives in Australia and I realized that Im a type of person who turns to alcohol when a stressful event happens in my life. Lately Im going through a stressful phase and I recently started drinking alcohol when I have a bad day. Im glad to say I havent started smoking yet and its unlikely that Ill ever will since Im more mature now and its harder to buy packs of cigarettes than alcohol these days. Plus society doesnt accept smoking anymore which is nice. Im only drinking alcohol right now because my mom has stacks of alcoholic beverages at home so that became my first experiment. I tried talking my mom into getting rid of alcohol in our house by saying how bad for health it is. But every time I do, she just makes up excuses by saying "These are for my friends". She only recently started drinking at home as well after getting fired and changing to a more stressful job. I understand that alcohol in moderation is *possibly* not that bad for persons over 18 y/o. But I believe that I have a gene susceptible to addiction. Im already addicted to coffee so its better for me not to start with alcohol. And I think Ive already accidentally drunk alcohol in excess few times already. I dont want to die early or mess up my future because of this. My parents are divorced so I dont get much support from them. I fear that I could become an alcoholic if my life keeps getting worse. And the fact that theres alcoholic beverages in our house and that society accepts drinking doesnt help get rid of my temptation either. I fully understand how bad alcohol is when drunk in excess(thanks to the internet) but its extremely hard not to drink once in a while during stressful times and Im slowly building the habit. How can I become a stronger minded person and not turn to alcohol when Im stressed out? Side note: The reason why Im so anti-alcohol is because of how badly regulated it is. When I was 15 y/o I went to Brazil during summer holidays. I was immature at the time and when I was over there my Brazilian cousins pressured me into drinking beer during a party. Ever since then, Ive always hated how alcohol wasnt strictly regulated as cigarettes, especially in a third world country. Any help is appreciated, cheers.			
What are the long term, and immediate addiction problems, that occur from houghing alcohol		What are the long term, and immediate addiction problems, that occur from houghing alcohol? How imposing does an addiction pose in an "addict"? What is the lifelong effect?		
How would being addicted to Alcohol affect me physically, spiritually, socially and emotionally						
How do I convince my parents that I am not a druggie/alcoholic		Im 14 and highly against drugs and alcohol. My dad was an alcoholic and his life has been ruined since, and my brother is a drug addict and his life is just awful since. But now whenever I go to a friends house my parents always interrogate me after wards and make me appear as this drug addict/alcoholic. Im a straight A student who has much of his life planned out, and all they see me as is this horrible creature. Ive never done drugs or alcohol yet for some reason they are convinced that I have and it really frustrates me because everyday as time goes on our relationship gets further and further apart. I mean really, who wants to be around people who accuse of them of being something theyre not? I really just dont know what to do because no matter what I say, no matter what evidence I put forward that I am in fact NOT a drug addict, they seem to always find me guilty. I have to plan out like a lawyer my entire case it seems whenever I return home from a friends house because they want to interrogate me like a courthouse. Anyways, is there anything else I can do to finally, once and for all, make them trust my word on this subject?		
Need help with an Alcohol problem		I am a junior in high school and my boyfriend of one year is a freshmen in college. My mother is an alcoholic and growing up seeing what alcohol did to her and how it changed her into a different person made me hate alcohol. my boyfriend now in college is starting to want to drink. I feel guilty if I make a big deal about it and am the reason why he doesnt because I feel as if I am holding him back. I just dont want him to become someone like my mother and I never want anything bad to happen to him. How am I supposed to move on?		
Can you have an occasional drink as an alcoholic to not smoke		My girlfriend is bipolar and an addict/alcoholic. She used to do drugs, but now only drinks or smokes cigarettes. Before knowing that she was an alcoholic, she would rarely drink around me and she willingly stopped after only a couple drinks. The other night however she went drinking with friends all day and all night, drunkenly calling me all night leaving nasty messages<SEMCOL> a total opposite of how she otherwise is. We talked about it the next day, and shes agreed to get help. Having not smoked for 3-4 months however, she said that she needs to do something so Ive agreed that smoking is an acceptable alternative (for now). Weve been together for 3 months now, and until what happened the other night I had no idea she was an alcoholic. What I want to know is, would it be better for her to drink on occasion around me or for her to smoke? I dont know what the whole treatment process will be - ideally Id like her not to do either, but in my opinion an occasional drink as an alcoholic would be better than constant smoking. I know some of you will say to break up with her, but I really dont want to do that.		
Songs about alcoholism			Want some songs about being addicted to alcohol. Some about tryin to recover, but also some about just being addicted. Tryin to make a CD for a friend to help her out. And I need songs about all stages of the addcition.	
Would like to limit or end use of alcohol/drugs..		I have had several negative life changes in the past year. Lost my job (laid off), the end of a 4 year relationship, been cheated on, and laid off again. I have relied heavily on alcohol and marijuana the past 6 plus months. I would like to completely remove these substances from my life, any tips? and words of wisdom? I am in my 20s by the way so social drinking is still an issue...any ideas to avoid this?		
Is marijuana better then alcohol		i need the facts and sources here. also, im ok with you being biased, but please stay proportional, .1 gram of weed is not equivalent to 10 liters of hard liquor, and a glass of wine is not equivalent to 80 grams of marijuana. which is more addicting? which is worse for your brain? please, dont answer if youre already half baked, i need decent answers.	Additional Details ok, but what is worse drinking a glass of wine every night, or smoking a joint every night?	
If I dont smoke tobacco or drink alcohol how can I legally feel good and have fun				
Do gambling addicts have "fixes" like drug and alcohol addicts do				
What are our gov.t doing about alcoholism in Britain		The rest of Europe considers Brits to be drunken thugs. Our health system could save around 25% of its costs without alcohol and drug related health problems. Most of our social and crime related issues are alcohol based, stretching police and ambulance services. Our benefit system seems to support addicts rather than help them tackle their problems. Why then have successive governments turned a blind eye, when they are cutting spending on public services so ruthlessly?		
Why do people who claim to be realists use alcohol and drugs to exit 3d and enter altered states of mind			Additional Details @Queen. Are you p****d?	
I am an alcoholic/addict and now in recovery since 8/23/11.		My sister will not allow me in her home. She says she doesnt want to have to hide her alcohol and pills if I were there. She is also alcoholic/addict who is in and out of recovery. Recently My father and I went bk to our hometown to a family reunion. He normally goes by himself and I stay with my disabled mother. This time my brother stayed with my mother and my father asked me to go along with him. My sister normally has him to stay with her when he comes to town. She knew I was comming with him this time and told him to get a hotel room because she didnt want me in her house. We did. I was so hurt by this and didnt know how to act around her when we arrived. I just hung out with my son who lives in the same town. I didnt speak to her except to say Hello. Neither did she. I found out that she was offended with me and her husband was angry with me. What should I have done.? I only know that no matter what my sister has done in the past, that I would always love her and welcome her to my home. I have unconditional love for her. We are sisters and sisters fight, argue, disagree, etc....but I just could never say "no you cant come to my home". Shes like this to everyone, not just me.....I have told her that I am sorry for things I did in the past. I dont try to hide my addiction like she does and she often tells my father of things I did , or that she mad at me for things I did when I was getting high. I would never do that to her. She doesnt practice what she preaches and I feel like she wants me to look like the problem child and her the perfect child.....Im not wining....I just want to know what I should do to resolve our relationship.....thanks for ur input guys...		
Can You Have a Wedding Without Alcohol			I dont know if the way I think is dumb or not, but I never want to drink alcohol. Never ever. None of my family drinks or smokes so I am a full believer in no alcohol. Im sorry, I just think that alcohol is a drug and should be illegal. (Sorry) My boyfriend is also a firm believer in no alcohol, but he says that at our wedding we should have alcohol for the guests. I tell him no, they can have fun without the alcohol and he insists that we should have alcohol. I definitely do not want any type of alcohol at our wedding and I was wondering if there are others out there who have had a wedding without alcohol. So can you have a wedding without alcohol? Thanks. :)	
Am i addicted to alcohol		i really try and not to overreact to this idea, but i dont want to be an alcoholic. I never feel the NEED to drink unless i am really bored at a club or at a party. But when i do drink i like cant stop. and even though i am a freshman in college i just feel like it is getting a little out of hand, i have drank since 8th grade and i just dont understand why i cannot really control myself? i never get sick, hurt anyone, or hurt myself, i just get REALLY REALLY drunk. And i know that i am not a light weight because i have gotten to the point where 5 vodka tonics really arent even doing it for me. should i remove myself from the situation for a little and stop drinking for a week? i just think that when i drink i act so stupid and i cant stop. i always want more.	Additional Details i never said i did it out of boredom. i dont just sit at my house and think like i need to drink, but if i am out with friends i want to.	
What should I do if my boyfriend is an alcoholic and a drug addict		Ive dated this guy for a while now. We are both sophomores in HS. I just learned he is very drug/alcohol dependent. I care about him to much to let him do this to himself and eats at me every time I see him high/drunk. Ive tried talking to him about it but, he still proceeds to do it. Ive talked to his friends and my friends and they all think I should leave him. I really want to help him but, I dont know how. His parents allow him to do this.....What should I do?	Additional Details I dont want him to hurt himself:(	
Alcohol withdrawal: does everybody have seizures Do I *need* detox		I need to know if its completely necessary for me to go into detox when withdrawing from alcohol. Ive been in detox plenty of times before, but for opiate painkiller withdrawal, and Im now on Suboxone so thats dealt with. The problem is that when I dont drink, I get really dizzy and shaky, and I feel like Im having an out-of-body experience or something (its hard to explain), and I feel like Im on the verge of having a seizure (although Ive never had one before). Maybe Im just paranoid and making this a bigger deal than it is...? Should I go to detox, or ride this out on my own? Does everyone who detoxes from alcohol have a seizure? Because thats what Im terrified of. BTW, Im a 23 year old female who drinks about a half liter vodka daily (I didnt use to, but since a couple of days ago, thats what I need to be able to function). Drinking used to be kinda fun and a great release for my severe anxiety and depression, but now that Ive found myself incredibly sick when I dont drink, its causing more problems than it ever solved... I truly wish that I could go back in time and change this. Any advice would be gratefully welcomed! (Except if youre going to just tell me to go to AA, because Ive been doing that for a couple year and, well, I guess it isnt helping much). ~Kerri		
Amy Winehouse, is it true that she never died from illegal drugs but alcohol the legal drug preffered by		by western society,side effects being--dehydration,memory loss, loss of the use of limbs, morning sickness, hallucinations, tremors, depression, violent behaviour,abnormal human behaviour,liver failure,headaches,double vision,lack of co-ordination,death,unsafe for children and pregnant women, Lets stick with the governments tax raising drug, ITS SAFER BY FAR.	Additional Details CHAOS---SURE AMY WOULD AGREE WITH YOU,and i did ask a question,just that you dont like it CRICKETY----ASK A DOCTOR IF ALCOHOL IS A DANGEROUS DRUG,I rest my case.	
I need some help with quiting alcohol		I was recently addicted to alcohol and I desperately want to quit. Can you give me as many links to websites that might help, as much advice as you have, or anything that might help. I really need to quit.		
Im in love with an alcoholist and a possible drug addict, how do I deal with it		Im 18, I had several problems in my life (been bullied and made fun of at school during childhood, anxiety problems, anger, other psychological insecurities and problems, etc.). So, even though I have a happy family who loves me and all, I know what it feels like to suffer inside and feel like the world is on your shoulder, mostly because Ive always felt different inside, and got judged by many. Theres a girl Ive been knowing for years (whos now slowly becoming a closer friend), and both my friend and her have alcohol issues (they get drunk very often).....this girl has also had problems with everyone since childhood. I recently found out Im getting in love with her.....at first it was just pure sexual/physical attraction, but Im sure I feel more, Im starting to have serious feelings for her. Thats why I want to help her, cause she feels very depressed and hopeless, and shes starting to harm herself by drinking too much, and I fear shell start to smoke weed too and, other thing, Ive found out she wants to take pills that are not exactly like drug, its meds (for headache, I think) but with weird side effects that are similar to the ones caused by drugs (she said that)......and I really dont want her to abuse this kind of stuff, I dont want her to end up wanting to try new things and eventually become a drug addict, besides being an alcoholic and a smoker. I really care about her and feel sorry for her, I swear Ill try to save her in every way possible, Im ready to stand by her and help her face all of her problems, Im ready to fight her problems away, together with her. Were friends, still not very very close, but weve been knowing each other for many years and we used to go out together when we were kids and now were finding each other again and becoming closer friends. I really do wanna help both her and my friend.......I dont want them to get worse. I know that problems in life arent killed by alcohol, they must be faced and fought till the end and Im ready for it. Do you have suggestions, can you give me advice on how to help them? How do you see the fact that Im in love with an alcoholist? How can I show her I truly care for her and Im ready to help her? She probably already knows I love her (I said that while we both were very drunk and she remembers it all), and I always write nice things on Facebook when she talks about dealing with problems (I told her that people shouldnt give up and they should ask for help cause there will be someone who wants to be at their side - so, I can say, I indirectly told her Im ready to stay close to her and fight together). I really wanna show her my care and all.....what do I do? What can I say, what can I do for her?		
My mate drinks two beers everyday, could he still be an alcoholic				
How to deal with a parent being addicted to drugs and alcohol		My step dad is addicted to drugs and alcohol. He usually takes pills like xanax, lithium, methadone, ativan and oxycotton. Other times hell be on speed and blow. He smokes weed and spice everyday. He isnt my dad, but hes my 7 year old sisters dad. Him and my mom are sorta separated but not really. We are living in different places but they are only 2 minutes away by walking. They still act married and everything and he is always over here. Im 15 btw. She keeps promising me shes going to leave him but she never does. Shes been saying that for 3 years now. Ive lived with him since I was 7 and hes always done drugs. He doesnt have a job so we have to feed him and stuff. I take care of my sister full time. I even school myself now so I can help out. They have always shut me out because Im not apart of their family and tell me Im going to be a loser like my father. Hes touched me before and watched me shower and get undressed (through the bathroom window). Ive tried to tell her but she always denies it and tells me he would never do anything like that. Im scared to tell anyone else because my brother molested me for 7 years and when I told my therapist she has to tell the cops and it ripped the family apart. When he drinks he throws up everywhere and shits his pants and sometimes will roll around on the floor moaning. He constantly calls 911 and tells them hes dying. Hes even pretended to die in front of me before. All he does is feel sorry for himself and wallows in self pity. I cant deal with anything anymore. How do I cope?		
Is drinking every 2nd day a sign that your partner is an alcoholic		every few days my partner wants to drink between 6-8 pints at home in the evening and it is really starting to annoy me and I am worried for his health. I try to speak to him about it but he wont listen. Am I over reacting about this?		
Help Drugs & alcohol 14 years old		Hi, Im 14 years old and Im a girl. Ive gotten drunk like 10 times. Ive done pot about 15 times. I dont know why thought I guess its just because Im bored, and the feeling awesome Is that bad? Opionions		
Alcohol: To what extent a danger			Hello. Ill keep this brief: I got drunk last saturday. I also got drunk last thursday. If I get drunk today, I will have been intoxicated 3 times in the space of 8 days. I know this isnt good, health-wise, and I know that I really have to stop. Im developing a problem, it seems, an oh-so-common problem, which makes it all the more wretched, somehow. My question is, a somewhat hypothetical one, because I expect "this will be the last time" are the words of an addict: If I get pissed today, for the 3rd time in 8 days, but then become completely t total, am I... likely to be OK, health wise, eventually? Ive only been drinking for 1 year.	
Writing a song. If youve had your go-around with drugs or alcohol, share your recovery story! please! :)		I want to write my next song about being a new person. I have never had experience with drugs or alcohol to where it put me in a dark spot in my life..and that is what im looking for. This song is gonna be specifically for EX users or drinkers & and it will pin point certain obsticals that they faced and how they came out of it and how they feel now that they are clean&sober:) SUPER hard to try to explain this...but all I am asking for are ideas that I can maybe use because its not like I can go out and randomly find some ex-addict and ask them, ya know? So if youre comfortable with it! Share your story! Like how you realize now how bad it was when you were using/drinking & how awesome it is now that you arent! :) THANKS!		
How do I deal with an alcoholic sister	   &#39<SEMCOL> 		My sister has been a big drinker/ drug user since she was 15. She is now 26 years old. She got off the drugs but continued to drink- mainly binge drinking. She lives with our grandfather and takes good care of him. Recently, shes been drinking to the point where it is becoming very dangerous and we fear for her life. 2 weeks ago she ended up in the hospital and was having seizures due to alcohol withdrawl. She made goals to complete an in patient rehab program. Before she even completed the detox process she had a friend discharge her and she was back to the bottle again. Me and my sister are very close- she adores my daughter and can not be away from her for more than a few days. That has all changed. She never calls, never comes around. We never know where she is. I dont know who her friends are or what she is doing. Right now, I feel very helpless and I dont know what to do. I feel like its my duty as a sister to help her... I feel like she is so close to death and I need to help her in some way. Any advice on how to deal with this situation?	
Why are cigarettes and alcohol legal but weed isnt 		Do you think its a government conspiracy to paint weed as the bad guy to make people think All they have is cigarettes then get addicted		
Is alcohol really addictive		For last 3-4 years, I have been able to drink moderately(or very little- as I wish). I cant understand that some people become addictive and they drink too much and if they want they cant reduce it. I find it is very very easy to drink moderately. What has been your experience?		
Cigars, Alcohol, or Marijuana		which is the best and why? which is the safest? (Yes obviously marijuana is illegal but Im willing to look past that)		
Am I an alcoholic Whats going on with me		Soo...I think I am addicted to alcohol. I need to now for sure if I am or am not. I had my first drink yesterday, I only had one. I had it, because I was going throught a lot yesterday night...I was completely miserable. I had it again twice today. I liked the taste, and I think Im starting to get addicted to it. I think about it almost all the time, and I have cravings for it. Right now, Im going through a really hard time. I cant even explain myself. Anyway, I like the way it tastes and the way it makes me feel. When I dont drink, I feel irritable and when I do drink, I feel calm. ***NO RUDE COMMENTS***	Additional Details I dont need to see a Doctor and I dont want pills.	
Is there ever a point when parents can trust their teenager regarding drugs/alcohol		Say your kid is responsible, gets good grades, has a job, volunteers, etc. If he/she uses drugs in moderation (meaning he/she goes to drinking parties once every month or two, smokes a little weed) and their parents know it, is it ever okay to look the other way? Pretend the light drug use does not affect their motivation/future. Also, do you think they are any more likely to make bad choices in the future? I dont want to hear from people that say its illegal and therefore shouldnt do it.	Additional Details Im 16 and male. I would rather have my parents know what Ill be doing and trust me to not be stupid about it. As of now, they wont even let me go out at night. @queenofsiberia - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vX1CvW38cHA Bill Hicks, keeping it real.	
Is Alcoholism common and how do you get it		I was wondering because i dont ever hear of people getting addicted. how often and how heavy must you drink it to get this affliction.		
What has the higher alcohol and drug use		Out of the 4 cities Phoenix ,Albuquerque ,Miami or Fort Lauderdale? In your opinion what has the higher alcohol and drug use .Also when comes to low income ,poverty and gangs or wannabe gangs.		
Whats worse Weed or alcohol				
Heroin in comparison to alcohol		purely out of curiousity what effect does heroin have in comparison to heroin? people like jimi hendrix and jimmy page could just hit that sweet spot inside of you when playing the guitar despite the fact they were heroin addicts. Does heroin not effect the likes of coordination and such? how does it feel?		
If human brain doesnt stop developing until 25, why is alcohol legal in some countries from 16 - 18		#NAME?		
A question For Alcoholics or People with Addictions		This is a question for people out there who are addicted to alcohol or other drugs, or who have been in the past? I have two young kids. and for the past 2 years or so, i have been addicted to alcohol. getting drunk almost nightly. im ashamed to admit it. but its true. i cant even bare the thought of living a life with out alcohol. i have also, experimented with drugs a little. im mainly into alcohol tho. I hate myself for it. i want to stop so bad. but how do i re learn how to live my life happily with out the drinking its become a part of my life? I went the last 4 days with out drinking ,and had severe with drawls. and im ashamed to admit, i gave it and im having a drink now. i dunno what to do?		
Am I at risk of becoming an alcoholic		When I was 14 I had lots of problems with life and one day I just got drunk in my room a bit. Now Im nearly 18 and I have been getting drunk just to escape the reality- whenever I feel like crying or Im just upset or angry I just get drunk and stay at home. But lately I realized I dont need to be very upset just to want to escape- sometimes its very minor things like someone on the tube/bus annoying me, and I just want to go home and get drunk because I get upset over it... Im too embarrassed to see anyone about it and I dont really have anyone to talk to. But does it sound like I am getting addicted to alcohol? Whats wrong with me? P.s. Dont ask about my parents please, its a long story...And I know its not healthy etc, but to me it was the only way of surviving really, its what kept me going because I could rest, and I managed to come out with straight As from school, so I just cant understand if its having bad or good psychological effects on me... someone help me please....		
What should I do when someone gives me a bottle of tequila and I am addicted to alcohol			I did not want to refuse the gift and also did not want them to know my troubles Sober 19 yrs Oct this yr	
What would you do when someone gives you a bottle of tequila and your addicted to alcohol			I did not want to refuse the gift and also did not want them to know my troubles Sober 19 yrs Oct this yr	
Any tips on quitting drugs and alcohol		Im 16 and I was involved with the wrong people since I was 14 & got very very addicted to alcohol & I did drugs here and there but I want to quit drugs and drinking all together, Ive gone one month without doing both but its hard to resist so if anyone has gone through the same thing and has any tips I would really appreciate it (:		
Am I an alcoholic and what should I do		I turned 18 2 days ago and been smoking weed every single day multipe times for years now. I used to drink on occasion for years too but nothing serious. Now I find myself without really realizing it but Iv been drinking every single day from 32s all the way to bottles of liquor. Im not alone usually but Im always drinking everyday and usually at school Im messed up in some way. This everyday drinking got everday like 3 weeks ago.Even with a homie of mine laugh about being alcoholics but is it just a joke. Im not broke or nothing but its still hurting my wallet as unlike weed I cant sell alcohol to keep my habit. Where should I go from here. (I started a collection of my bottles to show my timeline of life)		
Tring to quit alcohol but too embarrassed to go to AAA		Okay so Im in high school and Ive been a big alcohol addict for two years and half and I decided to quit because I was throwing my life away but its very, very hard and Ive gone a month without it but my parents dont know Ive ever had alcohol and no one else in family does either. Very few friends now that I do and I feel I need professional help for this but I dont wanna emberassing my family or disspoint them so if anyone has any other ways they might have been able to get through this please help		
Can you get HIV or AIDS by taking a bite of pizza from some who is infected or by drinking alcohol after an in			I have a relative who found out a year ago that his wife died of AIDS. They were newly weds & for approximately three years she didnt tell him. He found out when he checked the answering machine & heard the doctors message telling the mother to get the baby who was 2 yrs old at the time tested. The daughter is four years old now. Her test have been coming back negative and my cousins test have also been coming back negative. But my concern is for two other relatives one ate a piece of pizza tha he ate off of & the other drank shots of tequila with him out of the same shot glass and tasted a mixed drink of his. I knw the vires affects the CD4+T cells and you do have them in your saliva. Can either of my other two relatives contract the virus if any of his future test come back positive? Also i need to know if a person can not contract HIV/AIDS through an infected persons saliva, why not? You have the T cells in your saliva.	
Can my dads alcoholism affect me		My dad has been an alcoholic since WAY before I was born. When my mom was pregnant with me, could I have developed a mental disorder from my dads disease, even if my mom didnt drink while pregnant with me? Sorry if that doesnt make any sense, but I think I have a few mental disorders because of genetics.	Additional Details edit: im not of the age to drink and ive never touched a drink in my life so how could i be an alcoholic?	
I was in the ER with a blood alcohol level of 300 Saturday, how long to feel better		I lost my job and made the stupid mistake of drinking at home Saturday night into Sunday. I sat and cried then realized I was way over the limit and was throwing up way too hard. I called for an ambulance. I was almost admitted but my mom came and took me home. My job meant a lot to me and Im really depressed over losing it. Anyway, it has been days without drinking at all. I have been sweating nonstop and for the first day just threw up everything. I think I had alcohol poisoning, so I have been taking vitamins and drank gatorade all day. Now, on day 3, I am still sick and really nauseous but I REFUSE to drink to ease the withdrawl. I have xanax but I know that is like alcohol too. Any advice on when this will end? Thanks.		
Why is it legal for alcohol commercials but not cigarettes			Like, you have to be 21 for alcohol and I think drinking is worse for you. Cigarettes are just addicting and cost a lot and you have to be only 18 (19 in some states) why is that?	
Why is Alcohol Legal but not Marijuana	Soo		I was wondering this because they are both drugs and you could argue that alcohol can have an even worse effect on a person than marijuana - for example, I was at a party the other day and noticed that all the people drinking alcohol were running riot, being loud and crazy or sobbing but the people outside smoking weed seemed very calm & chilled. I am not trying to say that marijuana is a good thing, but I was just wondering why it is not the other way around or why alcohol isnt illegal too. Also, many people are alcoholics which can make the lives of them and their families miserable and no-one has illeagalized it because of that, yet people always point out that you can get addicted to marijuana. So, what is the real reason marijuana is illegal?	
Would i be an alcoholic if			If i drank 1 beer a day, everyday, would that consider me a alcoholic or not? or do i have to be actually drunk often to be an alcoholic, or addicted?	
Is my EX an ALCOHOLIC or ADDICTED to alcohol		I have always been worried with her drinking but shes never convinced that she has a problem. She drinks nearly everyday even when shes alone in her room but goes overboard when going out with friends. There have been plenty of instances when she realizes how bad her night went cause of drinking & says "I wont ever get drunk again" but relapses just a few days after. She just turned 21 a couple weeks ago & things have gotten worse. Nowadays she almost always drinks before going out to events. She even gets tipsy before parties, where she will be drinking more anyway. Because of alcohol she even started having casual sex. For as long as I known her it was once unthinkable for her to have sex with someone shes not in love with. She claims to be Muslim yet her faith doesnt change her drinking habits (its strongly not recommended for Muslims to drink). During the month of Ramadan--when Muslims fast--she couldnt even go the entire month not drinking. The fact is she probably could not go any month without alcohol. Even though it hasnt affected her academics as much shes already been skipping a couple of classes due to hangovers. This is a girl who ALWAYS goes to class! She feels that she is not an alcoholic or addicted to alcohol unless her life has reached rock bottom. But I feel she already has a problem and I dont want her to wait & get hurt until she realizes she has a problem. My ex keeps thinking Im overreacting b/c I dont drink. But I have drank a few times just to experience it & I have many friends who drink so Im not naive about this issue. What do you think I should do?	Additional Details It matters to me b/c I care about her & we are still best friends. Being her ex doesnt make me a nobody to her.	
What do I do if my step-son becomes an alcoholic		My parents were functioning alcoholics. My brother was both functioning and non-functioning. Once Dad died, I decided it was best to have as little to do as possible with my brother for my own sanity and the health of my family. My step-childrens father is an alcoholic, both functioning and non-functioning. I have very little tolerance for drunkenness. I guess I would attempt to get him into AA and if necessary a detox program, but I probably would need to get him out of my house. I have other children to consider. Where should I put him?? What sayest THOU???		
How do you help an alcoholic who is being enabled		First some background: my uncle is 45, has Tourettes and (perhaps misdiagnosed) bipolar disorder. There is a long history of alcoholism with the males in my family. Anyhow, my uncle dropped out of school, couldnt hold down a job, and of course turned to drinking. He now collects disability which he uses to finance his alcoholism. He is able to do this because he is enabled by his mother (my grandmother). He lives in her house, she takes care of everything for him, she gives him a ride to the bar every night and stays up until he calls her to pick him up. She works an extra job to make sure he will never run out of money for alcohol and cigarettes. Any real attempts that could be made to help him are immediately cut down by her. "Hes had such a hard life" "Why shouldnt he have a right to go to the bar and have a social life like everyone else?" "Its not his fault." Its like he is the only person in the world who is not subject to personal responsibility. I have largely chosen to let it go because I dont feel there is anything I can do at this point. I can see that she is enabling him but I cant show it to her because then she portrays herself as the martyr and brings up every little thing she may have ever done for me "After all Ive done for you, all I ask is you just leave it be!" "Oh, are you so perfect, how dare you judge him??" and so on. I just gave up. However, it came back up because last night she pretty much attacked my sister because she said my sister was "bullying" him. My sister saw him at the bar and told him he should go home (he stopped drinking for a year but started again). "He was so embarrassed, how could you do that!" Sorry so long but I guess I just had to vent. My question is, has anyone dealt with this before? How do you get past the codependency to actually help the addicted person?		
I seem to be addicted in rubbing alcohol`s scent. how does it affects the baby in my tummy				Additional Details I like it`s scent...i often rub it in my hands and smell it...but now that i am pregnant...i am very much concern.
Is this fair of me My girlfriend is a recovering alcoholic...		and I have told her if she even so much as picks up a beer its over. Last night it stopped her from drinking, by the way. But my reasoning behind it is that she also has a rage disorder and whenever she was drunk it was so much worse. After about two weeks of her being sober she did relapse once already and she drank so much that she was gone all night without calling, left my car out in the parking lot somewhere, and drank so much she wound up in the hospital and came real close to dying from alcohol poisoning. I forgave her. She asked me last night if she could have just ONE beer and I said no. That is what she aimed to do last time and she gave herself alcohol poisoning. I just feel like I couldnt live with her downing a 24 pack a day and punching things until she broke bones. But I also cant imagine having to leave her because she slips up. Am I being fair?	Additional Details I gave her my car to attend her AA meeting jackass. Its not my fault she snuck off and drank instead.	
Ive been smoking for a month and Im not addicted Also high alcohol tolerance		Ive been smoking, just with friends, for about a month now. Yes, Im inhaling. Yet I have found no desire to smoke when Im on my own, or around my friends that dont smoke. I always heard that you get addicted to nicotine basically the first time you inhale the smoke, but I havent at all. Im not upset about this at all, Im thankful for it, Im just curious as to why that is. Also, last night I drank a 16 ounce cup of Captain Morgan something-or-other, and besides a very mild 5 minute buzz, I was completely unaffected. It just made me have to go to the bathroom. I have also drank a whole bottle of Amber Bock, and four margaritas at a wedding, and again, nothing. Do I have freaking tiger blood or something?! JK, of course. But, anyone know whats up? I *think* my mom may have drank and smoked when she was pregnant with me. She said she didnt but she was an alcoholic and a chain smoker so I find it hard to believe she could suddenly stop. I dont know if that could have anything to do with it, but I figured Id put that out there just in case	Additional Details Not bragging. Wondering why it is. And Im on my sisters account since she was logged into Facebook when I wanted to use this. Im 18 years old, and a guy. My friends arent really pressuring me into it, but when we hang they all do it so I do it too, because I always kinda liked the way smoking looked. And I drank because I was at a party, and I wanted to.	
I cant last more than 2 weeks at a time without drinking alcohol		Just here me out before you judge me: My father passed away january 12th 2011, after he died is when I flew off the handle. Drank a lot of booze and 4 lokos, and had binges and blackouts that were too many to count. I couldnt accept his death, and still cant. Im still not able to last more than 2 weeks without drinking to this day. I just want to know what to do when I get an urge to drink. I dont feel the need to drink when Im busy. And please dont be cruel and suggest that I go to AA. I was never addicted to alcohol when my father was alive. I dont smoke or do drugs so this is how I deal with what happened, I love the feeling of being drunk. My father died when I was 18 so give me a break, anybody that suggests AA is an asshole. Just give me a few tips on how to deal with drinking urges I swear Ill listen. I want to stop for a while and get back to drinking socially.		
What advice would you give to a young person addicted to alcohol to help quit		I am only 26 years old but Im battling alcohol. I drink sometimes up to six 700ml bottles of spirits per week. I suffer from anxiety and depression. I want to stop and get back to being myself, but I dont know where to start. I live in Brisbane AU and I dont know of any support groups in my area (Redcliffe) So what advice would you give someone in my situation?		
Why do women use pain pills, aspirin, alcohol, beer, or vodka to relive stress, anxiety, pain, suffering		for many women, stress tolerance is not very high. many are greatly in pain due to lack of education, low paying job, being divorced or not married, and many societal barriers and pressure which has keep them powerless. In any case, even if they dont use regularly or become addicted, 70% of women specially white women have used pain pills, alcohol, beer, vodka, to relieve stress. The result is continuous need for more with no healing. WHY WOULD WOMEN EVER USE such as a mean to reduce pain, stress, anxiety, loneliness, low paying job, etc	Additional Details the drug use by women is the reason for low success in the corporate, political, and marriage world. They cant get the top jobs and benefits because their tension, stress, anxiety, emotional outburst, and anger from failing so much is overbearing, they give up, fight other women, and turn to alcohol, beer, vodka, aspirin, and pain pills to get over stress. The women cant unite until their pain, anger, anxiety, and suffering is overcome, even with more educational opportunities than men, they have little power. they are addicted to the wrong things and no one can turn them around. THEY NEED IT FOR SURVIVAL	
Is it generally safe to have caffeine when going cold turkey with alcohol		I have been drinking everyday for 7 years, and the recent amount I drink per day is 10 beers a day. I did manage to have 1 day without drinking on a couple occasions, but I start to shake after 24 hours or so, but it is mild shaking, but then I also get an "edgy" feeling that is kinda like maybe a panic attack but not really. I just start getting really on edge and it feels similar to when I have had too many stimulants in the past, but without the concentration though. Not sure that this is a good sign really, but maybe the caffeine has something to do do with it? I always drink cups of tea (regular tea, not herbal teas that do not have caffeine as they are garbage). But would a small amount of caffeine be making the withdrawal symptoms worse? (I just start really craving a drink to calm me down. I would hate to think that I am physically addicted, but I kinda fit alot of the signs that I am an alcoholic. I did the test online of the 20 questions for alcoholism, and I got 17 out of 20 as yes answers. It says I only needed to say yes to 3 to be classed as having a drinking problem. Hmmmm, it says "Since you answered more than half of these questions, Yes you should definitely seek an evaluation by a healthcare professional as soon as possible." I really dont want to give up a cup of tea, tho. I realise that it is a stimulant though, and I was worried that this could make the withdrawal worse. I really do not want to have to seek medical help as this would be recorded as being an alcoholic and this is not an option for me, as it would affect my career chances. I would rather hit rock bottom than seek non-anonymous medical help.		
Do i sound like i am an alcoholic/addict		i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! lol! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder lol! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! lol if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! hahaha it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! lol i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" lol and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! hahahaha! lol im a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! =]:) and i get or feel defensive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober!		
Hi, My father in law is 63 yrs old and addicted to alcohol. want to take him for a health check up.		please suggest a good hospital in chennai and also any help groups as there is nobody to help in taking to hospital and guiding. Please give your suggestions.		
How many celebrities can you name who were/are addicted to drugs or alcohol			Additional Details ClaudioP: Youre an idiot. Others: Thanks for all the answers. Im trying to get a feel for what kind of epidemic this is. Actorsperformers that I loved and respected for years are getting hooked. I suppose this can happen to anybody, like cancer.	
Does an alcoholic ever change		so my hubby and i have had a go of it with our relationship for a while. He got a DUI and quit drinking before i met him so our entire relationship he wasnt more than a social drinker with a drink here and there He joined the Army and we got married allmost 2 years ago. and well his drinking has gotten really bad. I dont trust him anymore and hes gotten into allot of dumb problems for it... i have a high respect for marriage and my friends said i have the patience of a saint for all ive been there for him through but it got so bad that i looked at him and said im leaving or you quit this drinking. and i meant it completely. It took his Command getting on him for him to finnally get into AA and get help. but hes now in getting counseling exc.... well my problem is this...his group is telling him he needs to quit drinking completelly to solve the problem, and hes lying saying he is not drinking. but he thinks he can keep drinking and as long as its not causing problems its fine. but i cant handle it. to him moderation is a 30 pack or bottle of rum in 1 night. every time i see him pick up that beer i think of things hes said/done and i hurt inside scared its going to happen again. He gets rude and rough and doesnt even realize it, and if i say he needs to slow down he says "im not drunk" i told him this morning (after him being EXTREMELY rude to me last night and the night before that while drinking) that this moderation drinking is not enough. he needs the alcohol to be happy. but i cant be happy with the alcohol in our lives like this. i told him he needs to think about what he really wants because i love him, but i cant keep up with this. He said he understood. then continued on to down 8 bears in a couple hours. i feel like gave me the answer... he does not care. I feel like i need to leave because i will never be happy with this, and he will never be happy with the way i tell him to control his drinking. If we cant work together on this, i dont see how our relationship will work. any thoughts... advice... opinions? do alcoholics ever change?	Additional Details another side note is i just found out i am pregnant (idk how weve been using double protection and havent exactly had allot of sex with his drinking issues!) but my feeling this way about our relationship and his drinking has been going for months so i know it is not just hormones talking.	
My wife cant be an enjoyable person to be around without alcohol. What would you do in my situation		When shes sober, shes blunt, rude, selfish, judging, opinionated, imposes her ideals on others, cuts her criticism deep, has a sharp tongue, and overall is a cynical and sarcastic pessimist. When shes drunk, shes laid back, polite, balanced between selfish/selfless, open-minded, goofy, accepting, "lets life live", and has a nice thing to say about everyone because shes a happy and genuine optimist. I dunno. The sober version of my wife and I are in constant battle with each other<SEMCOL> she has strong Christian morals/traditions and I am a full-bred Agnostic who believes in flexibility and taking the "path less travelled". The drunk version of my wife and I are madly in love with each other. Mind you, I dont drink. So when shes "drunk wife" that is when I go into "designated driver husband". So the only thing thats changed is HER, not me. Clearly, the problem is her morals, traditions, and strong Christian beliefs<SEMCOL> but this is the wife I married so I should have known this was going to be a conflict (I was just hoping shed be more of a compromiser than an "all or divorce" kind of gal). Whats your thoughts, should I just buy her wine every day and tell her to get the bug out of her a$$? Or should I just let her walk all over me and call me a "defiant husband" because I wont let her ideals of how life should be lived control me? We have kids so divorce isnt an option and the couples counselor has already yelled at her for being rigid...		
What message do ads for tabacco and alcohol portray to society		what do you guys thing. i want yall opinions so i can write a essay. please dont say something stupid. Help me.	Additional Details give me some details. How its affect the society? Give me a 1 paragraph of your opinion.	
If someone under 21 were to get alcohol poisioning and went the hospital would there be consequences			Im just wondering what would happen, since its illegal to drink under 21, but kids go to get their stomachs pumped all the time. What happens if you are under 21 and this happens?	
Do you think "tough love" is a good method to assist people with alcoholism and other forms of addiction		My aunt is an alcoholic, and it is really putting a lot of strain on my family. I went to see one of the social-workers at SANCA (the South African National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence). she suggested my family and I go for a course on "tough-love" to rectify the situation. Whilst I acknowledge that our current approach (giving her money etc when she needs it), is not working, tough love seems cruel to me. I definitely do not want my aunt (who is currently unemployed) to land up on the street. I feel she would probably sink even deeper into her alcoholism as living on the streets is very traumatic. Moreover, the monetary decisions are not in my hands - they are decided by my father and uncle (who support her). I do not want to encourage my family to take an approach to my aunts addiction that would cause irreparable psychological damage. What are your views on this matter? Thanks to all who answer, I appreciate your input.		
Am i addicted to alcohol.			I drink every 3-5 days. Usually 3-8 beers. It really depends. I rarely get wasted. Ive been drinking like this for 2 years. Im just asking cause Ive been feeling off lately since I drank 3 beers one night. I dont have any cravings for beer. And lately Ive been struggling to keep more than a couple if beers down. Some people start small and get bigger with their consumption as tolerance builds. I started partying and getting **** faced till j couldnt stand and now I struggle to drink 6 beers before I feel sick. Is it possible to be addicted and it make you sick and not even crave it?	
Would u have ur wife arrested if she was high on alcohol/drugs and was endangering him/herself why		If your wife was so intoxicated/stoned and was throwing things in the house, trying to jump off a sofa to cause harm, or even worse, and you cant stop her, would u have her arrested or just try to physically restrain her(even if hitting is required) then have her admitted to rehab right away? why/why not?		
Alcohol bad for brain			Hmm ima complicated person I like to experience and experiment with different mind states and recently ive been drinkin...i am not dumn but im not genius either but my brain is important to me and I was wonderin how bad alcohol really iz for the brain.does it affect your memory or thought process or personality while sober after prolonged alcohol use? And I smoke weed on the daily is that a factor to anything? Weed + alcohol =mental disorders or anything? Weed alone does nothing negative to me .i drank for thankgiving so on thursday and I want to drink 2 40s tonite will it mess with brain in ANY way seeing as how its only been a week since I last drank? Oh and lastly hows addiction come in to play?ive been addicted ik how it iz so dont say I shouldnt drink just because of addiction purposes..i have willpower to quit I used to pop mdma pillz (thizz) everyday but short term memory startd ******* up so I quit cold turkey havnt touchd it for over a year now.im 18 by the way if it matters .last thing I thought of.alcohol and heriditary mental disorders? My family haz mental disorders including severe schizophrenia and paranoia..not me but could alcohol bring any of it out in me?thanks and dont judge me please :) I plan on quitting weed cold turkey next year to join Navy so dnt say im ******* up my life blah blah because its my life not yours...	
Definitive Question: What is a more serious problem, drug addiction or alcoholism...		...		
My father using alcohol in every night and fighting with and make such a noise with rubbish words..			do any one have answer for this that i can do to stop his this misbehaves? please help me i am mentally down cause of this matter	
How can I help him My boyfriend is a drug addict/alcoholic and I dont know what to do		Ive been dating my boyfriend for a year and a half and what started as good has fallen as he became addicted to alcohol. Hes almost overcome that but hes dependent on getting high. He smokes weed, and hes tried Meth (he swears it was for a week and I believe him). He likes to do pills, whatever he can get his hands on. Dilaudin, Klonopin, Hydros, all of the above, and I dont know what to do.. He doesnt see a problem in his choices and he gets mad when I bring up that I dont even know what to believe anymore because this has caused him to lie to me on more than one occasion. I love him, I dont want to leave him so dont say it. It also wouldnt be good when he is struggling with an addiction. How can I help him? Im struggling to get him to see why this is wrong, his bio mom drinks and does drugs. His dad is in jail for it. He was adopted due to his parents choices so he never got to see the full extent of troubles they went through unlike me. My dad uses pot, hes used meth and he used to drink.. I want him in  but he wont even think of it, he doesnt want anyone to know of his struggles because its "none of their business". Im just looking for ways to help him without aggravating the problem at hand, to offer support and know what Im doing.	Additional Details No I wont call the cops on him, I know who his drug buddies are yes. And no I wont call the cops on them. That damaged my relationship with my father, I wont let it hurt this. I put my dad in jail as a kid without knowing what I did wrong (yes I know it wasnt wrong but as a kid and even now I still am conflicted by the fact it was my fault) I was 5, it still effects me to this day. Maybe Im in denial, Idk but Im not leaving him if I believe he can get over this. I know its not helpful to leave someone when they are struggling wtih an addiction. My father as I said is an addict, was to more. My mom helped him through the worst of it and he doesnt drink or tweak anymore due to her. Im not going to leave Timmy in his time of need if I know I can help him through it. Im just asking for some advice on getting him to realize this isnt good for him, that he should get into rehab or group meetings. Im willing to go through everythign with him, go with him to meetings too. I just dont know how to convince him of this.	
Question about drinking and alcohol		how much is too much drinking for a 19 year old male, and how easy is it to get addicted to when you have an alcoholic dad (who is passed away)... my boyfriend is 19, he drinks 1-6 beer every time he drinks, some days more than 6.. he drinks on september 3rd 4th and 24th october 1st, 4th, 8th, 14th, 16th, 20th, 22nd, 23rd, 27th, 30th, 31st november 7th 9th 11th 17th 18th 23rd 27th (drinking 10+ beer on a wednesday, and once had 2 at 6am since he slept all night and woke up at 4am not tired) december so far he drank 2nd 3rd and will be today too. he knows i hate it, it bothers me and it causes fights when he does, yet he still will continue to do it, sometimes even lying about and ill catch him. am i over thinking it or is this actually becoming a habit, because i find the days he drinks is increasing and considering both his parents did/do drink alot he may becoming some kind of alcoholic. i can beg and beg and cry and he still will and will just tell me to leave- as if choosing it and his friends over me (i have been with him 3 years) he barley used to drink until he turned 19, he sometimes has an issue giving me one or two out of the 6 which leads me to think its a developing problem for a 19 year old is he drinking too much, and do you think its a problem developing or am i just looking to into it?	Additional Details he drinks during the week , weekends, will have one/two before bed sometimes. we used to have a rule we only drink when were with eachother and not over doing it, but that changed pretty quickly. they are usally the cans (tall ones) or the beers in bottles not the tallboys. he drinks like 6 within like 3 hours though.	
WOULD DRINKING ALCOHOL AND USING PAINKILLERS EFFECT YOU MOOD AND HOW CAN I TELL IF THIS IS WHAT THEY ARE DOIN			My sister uses painkillers such as Tylenol 3 or stronger and also drinks is there a way I can tell she is doing this just by looking at her eyes like you can with some illegal drugs/	Additional Details htrevor 3. I am pretty sure this is what she is doing but how do I tell. Will it show in her eyes. like being stoned on pot. I need to know what she looks like to prove what she is doing. do you understand
Brother is a drug addict and alcoholic		What should i do? hes 21 and my dad tries to kick him out but he explodes with anger and abuses my dad sometimes and loses control of his anger and eventually he wont be kicked out. he is addicted to cocaine and alcohol and always asks his family for money by lying and pathetic excuses. I told my dad i would call the police the next time he abuses my dad, but my dad said not to... i am confused should i? I really dont know what to do im planning to go to Al-anon meetings and he seemes to use cocaine everyday my dad wont really have a chance to talk about his drug problems. If it comes to this, how will my family be able to get rid off him? since he wont leave the house and if he does, he will come back and hurt my family. Do we leave the country? I doubt he will go to rehab, he acts like a triad and has many triad friends that are drug addicts aswell. He has adhd and cannot control himself when angry.		
Why is it that people get addicted to things like alcohol, cream cakes and chocolate but never lettuce		What is that all about.?		
Addicted to alcohol at 14 			I m addicted to alcohol and I dont know whaat to do...I started drinking at the age 13 and ever since..I would go to random parties with friends just to get some alcohol.. I would do anything for a shot if I had nothing at home. I dont know how to quit..I m scared...	
Dr. Help me! I have "Erectile dysfunction" caused by drug and alcohol use at age 26....		Im a 25yr male and have a hard time getting and maintaining an errection during sex or masterbation accompanied by a low sex drive.... I remember what it was like to have a normal sex life but about 5 years ago I used to abuse and be addicted to Oyxs, hydrocodone, xanax, klonopin and alcohol. I was put on suboxone for 2 years and started having ED. (I have been off suboxone 4months now. I got errections in the mornings after stoping for the first 2days then they went away again). Before that I just had problems reaching orgasm when I was using oxys, alcohol and xanax (delayed orgasm). I have had a testosterone check and its low but about 25 points from the point I could have hormone replacement therapy. I also CANT take viagra or anyother of those medications because the anxiety, flushing and rapid heartbeat they bring on after taken. The natural supplements like l-arginine and yohimbe brings anxiety, flushing and does nothing. I was always embarrassed about talking to my doctor about these things but have now become discuraged because 2 years ago my suboxone doctor told me klonopin and suboxone did not cause ED and I found out later they do. I also talked to my primary doctor he checked my testosterone and its on the lower level but not quite to the point to be able to treat. Due to my age I think he has the old school thought that it is a psychological cause . I would disagree due to the fact I have a hard time getting or maintaining an errection during errection during masterbation and once in a blue moon will have a morning errection. I dont feel I have anyone I can talk to and this is has caused me alot of stress because I cant have any norma relationships with women....... What is my problem caused by and how do I fix it? I need major help and fast!		
Recovering addict, can I drink alcohol			I have about 9 months clean, I dont drink, dont smoke, dont do anything. My drugs of choice were weed, cocaine, adderall, klonopin, cigarettes, and alcohol. Mainly klonopin, cocaine, and cigarettes. I hated weed but smoked it every day regardless. Anyways, it was pounded in my head when I went to rehab and 12 step meetings that I cant drink alcohol at all. Not even a drink. I am 19 years old and I would love to just have a drink with my friends. I dont want to get wasted or anything, I am not too fond of blacking out, vomiting, and being hung over. But I do enjoy a nice stiff drink every now and then, or a good tall boy. Anyways, my cousin has probably spilled more cocaine in his lifetime than I have used, and he no longer does anything besides drink on the weekends. I understand why they say dont drink but I am beginning to think it is an over exaggeration. If I drink I will feel guilty and its not fair... Why do I have to feel guilty for having a beer or two with my friends? I didnt even use that much/that long. The only reason I quit was because I started having anxiety attacks when I got stoned and did coke.	
What makes drugs and alcohol addictive				
Am I an alcoholic or just excited to drink		Ive drank like 5 or 6 times and I am really depressed too. When I drank the first times I found myself wanting to drink more and more. I still want to drink as much. I was really worried for awhile that Id get addicted to alcohol. I use to think I could drink to solve my problems and I didnt let it get that far. Also even if I wanted to stop drinking for like a year or something I dont think I could and I wouldnt want to because I enjoy it too much. I love being drunk. And Id be too depressed being sober for that long. Even just a month. I drank like almost every weekend in October and didnt drink in November and I was so depressed. Each day felt longer and longer, but now the days seem to be becoming normal again. If I could drink everyday I might or every weekend I most likely would do that.		
After getting married I find out my husband is a nudist and alcoholic...what would you do		This is my second marriage and I thought I was marrying someone totally different. After 6 months into the marriage he tells me he is a nudist and walks around the house and yard naked in front of my children. He also has a heavy drinking problem. I have tried to ask him to have some respect and consideration for me and my two boys, however he says that this is who he is and we shouldnt try to change him but accept him. It is just not who we are. My boys are extremely embarrassed and cant have friends over and it is really affecting our lives. As it is my second marriage I feel like such a failure... any suggestions or input welcome... feeling very confused right now.	Additional Details We knew each other and dated for close to two years before getting married... he was just very deceptive as nothing was mentioned about the nudity. In fact it was like he was a totally different person. Very disappointing. I dont get why anyone would bother marrying someone who doesnt have the same interests as them. His first wife apparently couldnt handle it either - I found out later. Thank you.. I do appreciate all comments.	
Does cultural acceptance of alcohol consumption make for a kind of cultural alcoholism			Just wondering!	
Have you ever had a dependency on alcohol or drugs, where is neptune in your chart				
Im a 13 year old alcoholic and pothead		what more can i say. im 13. im an alcoholic. i smoke weed and cigarettes im not a virgin and dont give me **** about how i need to quit cuz my parents hit me for it. i come home high all the time and drunk i love beer (corona is where its at :)) my sister is a goodie 2 shoes shes never tasted beer or smoked anything. my parents dont smoke so i have trouble even hiding it al tho idk y i need to they no i smoke. but so about the drinking. i just cant stop. i know i have a problem but i feel like i need it. the one thing that crushed my mom was i came home wasted on her bday. the one thing that crushed my dad was i was drunk and he caught me having sex at a wild party. the 1 thing that d=crushed my sister was i broke her arm when i was drunk but i dont even remember cuz i blacked out but she said i didt do it on purpose. but pls dont give me a hole bunch of **** on it cuz i just need help to quit drinking then quit smoking weed. ill try to quit cigs as well but lets not get ahead of ourselves. so my boyfriend smokes and drinks too but he doest have an addiction. we smoke all the time together. the only thing hes addicted to is cocain :( he convinced me to try it so i did and i LOVED it but my parents sent me to rehab so ive quit that and i hadnt started drinking yet but i smoked weed 4 the first time on my last day of rehab :) omg the feeling was amazing but sometimes i feel like i just need 1 beer. then some patrone. then a couple shots. then just one more beer. then wait just one more. oooo look wine! but then i fell like i want some weed so me and my boy friend go get high and i love him so much like even when we r not high/drunk. but i just want comments on my story and maybe some tips on how to quit drinking and smoking weed cuz i already kno how to quit cigs.		
How do people get addicted to random things other than drugs or alcohol		My cousin is addicted to cereal. Shes gone to therapy for help, but how is her problem even possible? Ive also seen on TV how this girl is addicted to taxidermy. Is it because these things make them happy?		
Am i someone thats an alcoholic		i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! lol! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder lol! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! lol if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! hahaha it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! lol i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" lol and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! hahahaha! lol im a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! =]:) and i get or feel defencive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober! and if i even go sober for three or four days i think about drinking and crave it and want to drink lol very hard to not think about alcohol going three days sober is too long for me! or long enough! i should point out that the last four or five weeks i have been drunk pubicly but i drink to also socialize better and to forget about who i really am lol! i got drunk on monday and tuesday i was home alone and snagged some crown royal! last night at the bar i had an argument with someone (cant remember what i all said) but he took my beer from me and i started getting a little mad and talked some more and i finally had the rest of my beer in front of him lol he was being serious tho and i think he threatened to punch me but didnt and i have quite a few blackouts and EVERY time it seems i get drunk which is weekly i dont remember parts from the last evening every time! and the odd time i have an eye opener! and i do not socialize unless i am drinking!		
Is my friend an alcoholic		He only drinks to get drunk. Hell have about six and then his mum will go to bed and he will beg me for more alcohol. Hes always saying "Im not even drunk, can we go back to your house and get more? Ill pay you for it". Its always that sort of thing. He loves getting drunk. Hes affected by depression. Hes on antidepressants. He drinks on his own. He drinks every night, or every other night. Whenever I go to his house, in the morning there will be empty RTD cans everywhere. If I go there in the evening, hes drinking. Every time is the same, its always "Do you wanna get a drink tonight?" Hes obsessed with getting drunk, its like hes addicted to alcohol. So, if there are any people who are physicians or simply citizens who have met alcoholics, please think about this and give me your opinion. Hes technically not my friend anymore, the last time I was there he acted like a total jerk and I just walked out. That was two weeks ago. I havent spoken to him since. Hes only 18. Is he an alcoholic?		
Email adresses for drug alcohol facilities Vancouver			I am looking for a lot of email addresses of Alcohol/drug facilities in Vancouver or greater Vancouver as I am looking to do my practicum.Please help if you know of any "bulk lists" Thank you in advance.	Additional Details Thank you for your answer....I should have stated Vancouver CADA..........lol
Need substance/alcohol abuse help for my brother, please help!		My brother is an alcoholic. He has also done his fair share of illegal drugs. He is now going to a methadone clinic, which was supposed to help him get off oxy-codone pills, but now thats messing him up. He is addicted to the methadone now of course, and hes not supposed to be drinking with it. However, he gets drunk every night. He has lost his house, his wife, and our parents are raising his son. He has also lost his license and his vehicle. He has absolutely nothing except the clothes on his back. When I try to talk to him he cusses me out. He hits our dad and yells at our mother every night. He lives with them but usually just sleeps in a chair on their carport. He doesnt shower, he is basically a bum. He is 35 years old. What can I/ we do to help him? When I see bums on the highway I always think, wheres their family? I dont want that to happen to him. We live in the Orlando area, so if anyone knows of somewhere we can get help I would GREATLY appreciate it.		
What is the advantage and disadvantage of establishing alcohol bar shop			WHAT IS ADVANTAGE AND DISADVANTAGE OF ESTABLISHING ALCOHOL BAR?	
Do you think alcoholics are more dangerous to the public than drug addicts				
I have this weird problem with alcohol		I can drink 1 or 2 beers without no problem but if i go over 2 beers i end up drinking like a fish and eating a bunch of junk food. Why is this? I enjoy the taste of beer but if i get too much of a buzz it like takes over my judgement and i end up drinking 12-15 beers and eating lots of junk. When i just drink 1 or 2 beers its completly fine though. Is this normal or what?	Additional Details I am 21 years old.	
I dont know what to do, my dad is craving alcohol.			My dad had quit quit drinking because hes been addicted to it. Hes being hostile to my mom because my mom hid it and he cant find it. What should do?	
I ratted out my friends drug/alcohol use to his parents		Well, I my friend pocket dialed my mother and she over heard him having a conversation about smoking pot, and she called his mother about it. After admitting to her (my mother) that I had tried pot a few times, and then I had decided to quit, she said she was proud of me and trusted my judgment and she isnt angry. (Not proud that I used, proud that I quit, which I really did quit by the way.) My use was not serious, but my friends use is. He drinks every weekend to the point of getting drunk, he also gets cross-faded and high frequently. We are both under 18. It is affecting his school work constantly, he is starting to gain health problems, and he is severely depressed. My mother and I devised a meeting with his parents, and I ratted out that he drinks, and which friends they shouldnt let him hang out with, and which rules to enforce. We agreed to not tell him we met. They are not letting him know they know, and they are going to start laying down the law if you will, because their previous parenting style was lenient. My friends older brother is an addict and has been for ten years, and is going to get kicked out within the month. They are terrified that he may turn out like his brother so they are really nervous. His step father is really strict and not caring, while his mother loves him. But afterwards my friend and I had a conversation about how if his parent ever knew about his use, he would be stripped of everything. He also claims his parents have no love for him at all. I can honestly say this isnt true, as they would not have agreed to meet me, listen to me, and go with my ideas had they not cared at all. I told him it would be better for him to just come clean like I did, and he refused intense amounts against this. And claimed the only person who he dearly loves is me. I am terrified he is going to hate me, but he needs help that I dont think I can give him. Did I do the right thing?		
Are these cravings for alcohol natural, given my current situation		Ive never had a sip of alcohol before, but lately, Ive been craving for alcohol. Ive also been going through some terrible emotional pain and feeling down and practically depressed. Unfortunately, my parents dont understand how Ive been feeling. They just think that Im making excuses for my grades, which frankly have been down since they decided that Im not capable of anything. They never even give me a chance to try<SEMCOL> they declare that Im gonna fail, so I dont even bother trying. Even when I accomplished things, they were always unhappy and asking me to show them the bad grades, even when there were none. I couldnt convince them otherwise cuz they thought Im always doomed for failure. It used to be better when my grandparents were alive cuz Id always be like at least they love me. So yea, Ive given up on my parents and trying to get a college education. My family has a history of alcohol addiction, like my grandmother, who turned to alcohol when my uncle died. She ended up getting diabetes cuz she didnt keep up with her meals. But like I said, Ive never even had a sip of alcohol cuz I didnt want to get addicted. Man! I even avoid vodka sauce over my pasta.		
How much NON ALCOHOLIC eggnog is too much			Im addicted to eggnog!!!!. Im 12, so i drink non alcholol eggnog. Id say i drink like 3-4 glasses everyday...is that too much...if not, what is too much. REMEMBER THERE IS NO ALCOHOL IN THE EGGNOG I DRINK!!!!!!!!!	
Antidepressants and alcohol		So my doctor prescribed Lexapro for me to treat generalized anxiety disorder... Im supposed to start it today, but Im apprehensive. I am a social drinker, and I will not give up alcohol for any reasons except pregnancy and when its an absolute must. Its only 10mg so its a really low dosage. On days when I plan on drinking, should I skip my pill? I can just skip days right? Cause if not then treating my GAD isnt worth it. Thanks. BTW I barely drink, I have one beer at the absolute most, I dont drink to get drunk, and I dont drink hard liquor. (I am the DD for my group of friends). If I always limit myself and keep it to one or two beers at the most, will I be okay? Thanks.		
I think my nan has a mild form of alcoholism		For the last 20 years my nan has had to have a drink every night. Personally i am worried, people should not be dependent of alcohol. She either has two cups of brandy and coke or two glasses of wine, maybe more on the weekends. But this seems to worry me, when shes at home in the evening and she hasnt had a drink she gets stressy and always says I just need to relax and have a drink bearing in mind she is only 56. I just want to hear your thoughts on this and alcoholism. many thanks x		
Effects of alcohol good vs bad		friend of mine enjoys drinking. he doesnt get drunk but occasionally hell drink a few beers/shots. im worried that hell get addicted or wont be able to go without it. he thinks the only time you can have fun is when there is alcohol. dont get me wrong im not against it but i just worry hell get to curious and cross the line....make an idiot of himself, get arrested, fight, etc... what are some positives about alcohol that will make me feel better and some negatives to share with him?		
Pot VS Alcohol 		Now weather ur a pot head or a drinker list the pros cons of each and whats better health wise??		
Why is it okay to have multiple alcohol commercials but not smoking commercials 		I see so many beer commercials its making me think americans are the must drunken people in the world. Lol, there are more alcohol than soft drink commercials. Why not smoking? Alcohol is much more dangerous for people than smoking. When has smoking ever caused a car crash kiling seven people including children? When had smoking caused a man to go crazy and kill his wife and two children? Never, you know why? Because that is alcohols job. To ruin life NOW as opposed to smoking which destroys your life MUCH more slowly. I heard the american congress wanted to put pictures of people that have been ruined by smoking tobacco. Why dont they put pictures of people with liver cancer or people.who have been left disfigured or even killed by alcohol? I personally do not drink much and do not smoke at all. But if I had a choice between a smoker or a drinker, id be a smoker any day. At least I wont risk the chance at kiling anybody. Do why is drinking so casual? So much that there are more budweiser or bud light.commercial that coke or pepsi? And dont even remind me of that microscopic reminder that tell us to drink responsiblity. Please. You can tell your dog not to eat the entire grilled steak but what do you think that dog is going to do? :)		
Mixing cocaine and alcohol		I have never tried cocaine but I just bought a gram for tonight. Im also planning on drinking liquor. Should I be worried about anything when mixing the 2 substances? I know the consequences so please dont try to lecture me saying its bad and Ill get addicted...		
Is xanax more addictive than alcohol		Its for a survey.		
Am someone thats an alcoholic		i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! i am a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! and i get or feel defencive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober! and if i even go sober for three or four days i think about drinking and crave it and want to drink very hard to not think about alcohol going three days sober is too long for me! or long enough! i should point out that the last four or five weeks i have been drunk pubicly but i drink to also socialize better and to forget about who i really am lol! i got drunk on monday and tuesday i was home alone and snagged some crown royal! and on saturday night at the bar i had an argument with someone (cant remember what i all said) but he took my beer from me and i started getting a little mad and talked some more and i finally had the rest of my beer in front of him he was being serious tho and i think he threatened to punch me but didnt and i have quite a few blackouts and EVERY time it seems i get drunk which is weekly i dont remember parts from the last evening every time! and the odd time i have an eye opener! and i do not socialize unless i am drinking! and on monday i was at the lounge and people there told me i should quit drinking but i only got a little drunk! and i worked at 6:15 am and had four beers only four in two hours last friday and i had only seven or eight beers last night and a shot of jack daniels and a tequila shot hahahaha! and i have enough money to get drunk for the next few weeks and i bought a secret six pack today! most of that money is me going to be drunk! i got blackout drunk last night and tonight i also was drinking secretly on christmas eve! tonight i will be as well and got some cash for christmas but will be spent on beer! i also was going to buy beer but it was closed so i was driving home feeling mad and irritated but i was able to get some wine from my dad and i had that fast and then some whiskey and then some baileys i drink out of my dads liqour cabinet quite a bit!		
I have to do an essay about drugs and alcohol and how todays teens are familiar with the facts and dangers				
Can you become addicted to sleeping pills and alcohol at the same time 		For me I use to use them sometimes to fall asleep just the regular dose, and when I try to stop or not do that I drink so is it possible to become addicted to both. I have been having bad headaches and insomnia for the past three nights because I stop using both which do you think is causing the insomnia ? I have tried to stop but then Ig get bad nightmares and I just go back to taking sleeping pills. what should I do is stopping both cold turkey a bad idea ? and I know its bad to mix so I dont and I am of age to drink.		
Anyone who has suffered alcoholism can answer this			Hey, just today I went to see my dad for the after-holiday until school comes back around. He has been acting quiet and staying in the bedroom. Soon, around night, I went to bed in that bedroom and looked around and noticed the wine, corkscrew and glass hiding in the cabinets. He is supposed to be sober as he been suffering from alcoholism but he drank anyway. I confronted him about it but he denied it for a bit until he knew I wasnt going take it. He just took the alcohol and drank it right in front of me and said, "Im an alcoholic." I called my mom and she came to pick me up. He has relapsed when he was supposed to see me a bunch of times, been fired from his job, went to jail, had sex with women, and is now living with his parents since he now has nowhere to go. This is honestly briefly typed up (sorry not going into details it would go on forever) but Im getting sick of this sh*t and want him out of my life I gave him many chances and he blew it away. He does love me very much still and I know he thinks of me as his whole world when it isnt alcohol but Im tired of this wreck a d cant take it anymore. I also cant take the same ol answer to why he does this his brain isnt right it just tells him to drink I want to know why it makes him want it, why he needs it. Not just because its addiction or a craving something more. Please, I want to understand, I might not be able to help him much but I at least want to understand. :(	
Is alcohol more damaging to the body than illegal drugs such as cocaine		Ignoring how addicting drugs are, is alcohol as dameging to the human body and all its major organs as such drugs as ecstacy and cocaine?		
Is alcohol abuse genetic		If one of your parents was an alcoholic, would you be more likely to be one? Or is that just a myth? And how long do you think it would take to become addicted?	Additional Details Like if you have one/more alcoholic parents and you drink sometimes. If the chances of becoming addicted are higher than if they werent addicted.	
Why do people support the abolition of tobacco but not alcohol		Alcohol is responsible for a large percentage of the US health problems, much like tobacco is. Why is there no effort to suppress or abolish its use? It also is responsible for a large number of crimes, many resulting in death.		
Help with my alcohol and marijuana problem		Im 20 and I smoke weed and drink every week. I smoke weed like 5 out of 7 days at least and drink like twice a week. The problem is that if Im sober I feel so bored. Like I could be doing the exact same thing high or drunk and Ill be enjoying it but if Im doing the exact same thing sober I feel bored and a little depressed. The other day I took vicadin because I was bored and I felt good even though I was just sitting in bed reading magazines. I have friends and family and I work a part time at a food resturant and go to college doing 13 credits each semester, so its not like Im just a sad loser that stays inside all day or something. I have okay relationships with people but nothing really deep with anyone. My last gf was like 4 months ago I left her because I got bored of being with her. It just feels like I get bored with everything. I dont know why Im like this I know it shouldnt be like this. But every day its like if Im not high or drunk life is just boring. I dont do other drugs just alcohol and weed, Im not stupid enough to try meth or coke or anything heavier because I know people get addicted and its really hard to stop it after you start. Im trying to find a way out of this hole I feel Im in. I VERY often find myself thinking of ways to get drunk or high. Like when Im working Im thinking about how after my shift I wanna get a beer and relax at home or get some weed and smoke when I get home. How can I learn to enjoy things and feel happy without drugs?		
Why do you (or did you) or anyone you know use drugs or alcohol		And not just "Because I like it"... Why do you like it? not just "I like the way it makes me feel" ... How does it make you feel? not just " It makes me feel good"... What exactly do you mean by feel good , what feeling do you specifically get? Thanks to all who respond!		
Do you think alcohol is a way to keep society under control		i was just thinking about politics and how many politicians and people in power want to stay in power. I was wondering, in your opinion, do you think the reason why alcohol is legal and other drugs which arent as harmful, mind damaging, and addicting like weed arent is because the government wants some people to become alcoholics so they can become victims?		
HELP! Peer pressure on drinking alcohol		I dont want to drink alcohol. But my friends kind of pressure me and I dont know how to stand up for myself. My friends are otherwise very good and I love them. Real reasons why I dont want to drink: 1. Addiction runs in family, severe addiction, and Im afraid I could get addicted (really big fear. I already have trouble with self control and keeping things in moderation) 2. I train a sport, take it very seriously, want to stay sharp (my teammates drink though, but in moderation) 3. Father had a drinking problem. Affected me very much (My friends dont know. I moved to this city 2 years ago) 4. Grandpa died of drinking. Drank really much and liver gave up. 5. I am afraid of the things I could say when drunk because there are lots of secrets in my past that cant come out! 6. I am very very hyperactive before so I would probably get crazy when drunk. When Im at parties, sober, I act like the drunk people, so Im on their level already. What can I say when Im at a party and a hot guy offers me a drink, I would otherwise accept but I just dont drink? Then everyone ask "but why?, nothing bads gonna happen". What can I say?		
Am i someone that is an alcoholic		this is a SERIOUS question and all that i am writing i ACTUALLY DO! i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! i am a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! and i get or feel defencive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober! and if i even go sober for three or four days i think about drinking and crave it and want to drink very hard to not think about alcohol going three days sober is too long for me! or long enough! i should point out that the last four or five weeks i have been drunk pubicly but i drink to also socialize better and to forget about who i really am lol! i got drunk on monday and tuesday i was home alone and snagged some crown royal! and on saturday night at the bar i had an argument with someone (cant remember what i all said) but he took my beer from me and i started getting a little mad and talked some more and i finally had the rest of my beer in front of him he was being serious tho and i think he threatened to punch me but didnt and i have quite a few blackouts and EVERY time it seems i get drunk which is weekly i dont remember parts from the last evening every time! and the odd time i have an eye opener! and i do not socialize unless i am drinking! and on monday i was at the lounge and people there told me i should quit drinking but i only got a little drunk! and i worked at 6:15 am and had four beers only four in two hours last friday and i had only seven or eight beers last night and a shot of jack daniels and a tequila shot hahahaha! and i have enough money to get drunk for the next few weeks and i bought a secret six pack today! most of that money is me going to be drunk! i got blackout drunk on the 23rd and on christmas eve i also was drinking secretly! i also got some cash for christmas but will be spent on beer! i also was going to buy beer the other night but it was closed so i was driving home feeling mad and irritated but i was able to get some wine from my dad and i had that fast and then some whiskey and then some baileys i drink out of my dads liqour cabinet quite a bit! and of course i was blackout drunk on new years!		
What is alcohol worse for your liver or your kidneys		Just wondering.		
Is the end of alcohol a beginning of a new. Civilization				
Functional Alcoholic- What are the potential consequences		A bit of background: Ive been drinking heavily since I was around 16 years of age. Im currently 19 and a sophomore in college. I know most people dont believe in the concept of a fully functional alcoholic, however I may just be that. I drink 5-7 days a week and typically drink very heavily on weekends. Ill drink between 10-20 shots/beers. On weekdays I tend to drink between 4-10 shots. Of course, at first glance, this seems worrisome. However, I dont experience the typical problems of an alcoholic. Im a straight A student in a private university, arrive to class every morning on time, absolutely never black out while drinking, and have experienced absolutely no negative side effects besides the obvious occasional hangovers. My relationships with friends and family are the best theyve ever been, Im on top of my school work, and my motivation has not decreased whatsoever from an educational standpoint. However, I do admit that Im less active than I used to be mostly because of hangovers in the morning. My only personality change when drinking is that Im actually quite a bit happier and nicer to those around me. I experience severe insomnia, but always have, so I dont think the alcohol at all effects this. I smoke half a pack a day, but use no other drugs. I live in Chicago and use public transit so Im not endangering others by driving intoxicated. I rarely, if ever, vomit from drinking. I really feel that I may not experience the same effects as others when drinking. I have never woken up not remembering the night before and Im always functional and aware of my surroundings when drinking, obviously a bit out of it, believe me, I feel the alcohol, yet never the stereotypical idiot drunk. Hell, even after weekend nights when ive taken 20 or so shots, I still follow my nightly routine with brushing my teeth, washing my face, taking my vitamins, etc.. Honestly, I wrote this after taking about 8 shots, so obviously Im fully capable of producing a coherent sentence without slurring, etc, even after drinking more. My question, is what are the consequences I might face later in life? Of course, I know my liver is not going to put up with this habit in the long run, but how long does someone like me have in their current situation? Judgement and advice are welcome. Thanks for the insight.		
My dads alcohol issues.			My dad is 43 years old. Hes been heavily drinking since about 24 years old and its basically wrecked my life.. Hes been drinking all day and most of the evening he started off drinking a few bottles of wine a day and now he drinks strong cider all day... It makes him turn into a horrible man, me and my mum are leaving him but Im also worried as much as I dislike him Im worried to death aswell Ive learnt about alcohol and its effects as Im 15 and now hes starving himself and he looks so un well but hes refusing to go to the doctors and now hes going mental and saying hes going to kill himslf and hes going mental and I dont know how long he has left I dont know what his livers like and hes really worrying me.. Please help me does he have long left? please.	
Why isnt alcohol illegal like marijuana		I heard so many so many stories of people driving drunk and dying in car crashes, Ive seen the mangled up cars, I even lost a classmate in high school as a result to drunk driving. How the hell is this still legal but the government is so concerned with marijuana. Ive never heard of anyone laying on a railroad track and getting run over by a train as a result of smoking pot. Seems kinda backwards to me.		
My father has been an alcoholic all his life so what can I do to help		I am a 23 year old I have three sibling one is half sister (from my dads side -ofcourse-) so my moher has been married to my dad for 25 years and he has an issue with alcohol. Recently about a year ago my mother decided to separate because she couldn handle the sress of having to put up wih his problems I mean I dont blame her enuogh is enough. So my dads parents stopped talking to my mother because of it they felt that he was being humiliated because where they lived is a small town in Mexico and everybody knew that they werent together. She lived in a borrowed house with no restroom and sleeping on the floor with my little sister which is 14. My father hated the idea because he was beeing called this and that so right now he fights with her all the time because he is very hurt that everyone knows about his marital issues. He is a very stubborn person and his pride is just sometimes well all the time so exaggerated so there is no way that he can be wrong when he says he is right. Not to mention the denial he is going through he doesn not want to accept he is an alcoholic. My mother never received any support from my dads side of the family they always say its her fault that he is the way he is which i dont understand why if she is pretty much his little slave cooking and cleaning for him 24/7. So anyways my mom when she found out that he had another child with his lover she forgave him and took him back for us. My half sister is now 19 with a kid and she visits them often so that tells you how my mom has opened the doors of her home to her. We all have an ok relationship with him, me the 14 and 19 year old except my 22 year old sister which just got married. They both lived together (dad & sister) but he was very manipulative he wouldnt let her go out or have any friends she was 18 at the time, to me it seemed as if he treated her like if she was his wife or something, at the time my mother had already moved to Mexico with my 14 y/o sister so she wasnt around to experience this. Every day he would drink, every time we wanted to hang out with him and do things as a family he would make excuses that he needed to go do stuff at work (he owns his own business) I dont have any memories of him actually doing stuff with us because he was always out drinking with his friends. Last year when I went to visit them before i moved to south Carolina I arranged a picnic at a lake near my moms house and I invited him to come with us, he didnt even showed up. When we all came back guess where he was at? With his friends drinking. Its just sad. But I forgive him he chooses to not be with his only family thats ok with me its his loss, but I dont want to give up so easily I want to help him but I dont know how. I live in South Carolina with my husband that just joined the military and they live miles and miles away from here. How can I help them both? How can I provide them both with support and what should I do wih this situation. Confront my dad? Despite the fact that he shows that he doesntcare about what we think I still respect him because he is my father. I just wish I had the guts to tell him how really things are because all I care about at this point is my mothers and sisters interest.		
How much of a role does drug & alcohol abuse by parents play in developing addiction in children		F.e - If both of your parents were heavily into drugs and alcohol ( mother smoked and did cocaine while pregnant) how does this affect their offspring in developing addictions (whether it be drugs, alcohol, sex, etc. Also, on the fathers side - his father was heavily addicted to alcohol at one point. As well as the mother on his mothers side being addicted to alcohol. Deep down I know the answer but I guess I am looking for someone to put this into perspective a bit. I also dont know exactly how much more likely this would be (marginally or exponentially) Thanks		
Which type of alcohol would be the best for me		im am new at this i havent drink-ed it before, but i have some questions also can alcohol be the cause of loosing virginity will it make me inhuman or insane will i be flying in the skies after drinking it so plz refer me any alcohol which is free from these properties ive heard some names such as vodka,Bacardi,sherry	Additional Details thanks for guidance (celab) .but plz guys make sure the drink u suggest me would not be dangerous & as well as not be a very baby like stuff means fascinating or will become a good source from getting myself out of my depression( of being a looser) and for uncle "ginger" " im not a teen, im 20 " is that ok for u. now would u buy me a drink or just keep on writing the adverse reaction of beer" lol	
What should I expect long term from taking 5000 mgs of acetaminophen and drinking alcohol		Im about 190 lbs and this happened a few days ago. I was just curious what I should expect as far as long term effects, or if there will be any at all.		
Im trying to stop drinking alcohol		Im so addicted to drinking...how do I stop? Im amazed that Im able to yype		
Does Weed do less damage to you than alcohol		Is this true? Im doing a class project about drug awareness and stuff and I was wondering does weed do less damage to you than alcohol? And is it true the only reason it is illegal is because it cant be taxed by goverment?		
Am I addicted to alcohol			I dont drink everyday, but when I do drink, I feel so good that I usually finish a whole bottle of wine, or get so drunk that I feel terrible the next day. I can avoid starting, but I cant stop once I start. Also, when my friends drink, I find it hard to have fun without drinking. I want to give it up but I cant relax or have fun without it. Am I addicted or just wanting to feel good? Advice?	
What is the severity of my alcoholism		Ive been sober for about 5-10 nights total in the last half year. I started drinking after relationship problems and have yet to stop. I am finally realizing that it is becoming a problem. I have been trying to go a whole day sober but cant find the ability to fall asleep without alcohol. I usually plan on just having one glass of wine before bed and end up drinking a whole bottle. Last night i just had about two glasses and today i feel more hungover than I do after a night of heaving drinking. My plan is just to quit for the next month and bare with all the withdrawals. Right now I have a terrible headache and feel extraordinarily less relaxed and less confident with myself. The main question I have is this. If i quit drinking for a month and then begin to only have a few beers when Im at the bars, will I experience withdrawals after a night of five to six beers? Basically will I be addicted again if I consume alcohol after being sober for a month?		
I need help with several Drug and Alcohol Questions! Please Help! Thanks!		1. When you are experiencing heightened stress, emotions or fatigue, the driver should_______. a) not drive b) stop on the gas c) drive slower to adjust 2. The inability to express or manage feelings is not a common aspect of use, abuse, dependence and addiction. a) True b) False 3. Driving does not require a high degree of awareness in the driving environment. a) True b) False 4. The lungs, kidneys and perspiration account for about____% of the elimination of alcohol. a) 40 b) 30 c) 20 d) 10 5. In Florida in 2006, 32.6% of traffic fatalities and 8.9% of traffic crashes were alcohol related. a) True b) False 6. Alcohol related crashes cost society approximately_______ billion dollars annually. a) 86 b) 96 c) 106 d) 116 7. Marijuana and hashish come from the hemp plant. a) True b) False		
What are some songs about drugs or alcohol				
Is my eating disorder related to my dads drug and alcohol addiction		can my issues with bulimia and anorexia be directly related to my dads substance abuse issues ?		
Why do so many people like alcohol		I never understood. I think it tastes disgusting. All people ever talk about is going to bars and clubs, getting wasted, partying and its all over the media. Whats the big deal? You can live a happy life without drinking. I know I have. I dont understand why teenagers like alcohol so much either.		
Adults: when was the last time you drank something without alcohol or caffeine		and if you still do drink things like that: how much is that compared to drinks WITH alcohol/caffeine? just trying to have an idea how addicted we actually are to these things ps: sorry if my english is bad		
Alcohol helps me deal with my problems			You should try it.	
How has Alcohol effected me recently		First off, I am not a heavy drinker, nor do I "depend" on alcohol. However, when I drink, I drink enough to get me almost hammered or VERY buzzed. I am a lightweight, so it doesnt take much (maybe about 8 - 10 shots). Recently, Ive been drinking a lot, getting hammered about once a week. Ive done this for 3 weeks now. Im going to stop this pattern. I would like to know, what are the side-effects of what I have recently done? Brain cells? Liver damage? (I hope not) Please, provide me with some good and informative answers for 10 points. Thank you.		
Cirrhosis of the liver caused by alcohol...		Can cirrhosis of the liver be reversed if it is caused by alcohol? I think my dad might have it - he drinks very heavily (about 12 cans each day recently) He has been drinking since he has been about 16 and he is now 47. He has begun to hide money to buy alcohol when me and my mum are no around. He also gets very defensive when we talk about it to him - even when we talk calmly he says "here we go again" or "what about you, you drink too much as well" etc. He seems to be desperate for drink most of the time as well - the other day he ran out of lager so he drank the rest of my mums advarcaat drink (half bottle to himself - with no other drink or ice so very strong) He has bad skin (red face), red eyes where the blood vessels are bursting or something? He has quite bad jaundice in his eyes and about 10 minutes ago he suffered a nose-bleed which he does not normally get. My mum said to me earlier, if he keeps on the way he is going if not this year then definitely next year he will be dead. Now since ive only just turned 16 i thought either shes not been very sensitive or there is a serious problem. She also said i should be worried about him so im assuming its very serious. He had a brain hemorrhage 6/7months ago which nearly killed him so the symptoms which include confusion etc im not sure if it is caused by the drink or not. When he doesnt drink - for example doesnt drink for 24 hours he gets very very sick (literally), he would get very agitated and get mad at ANYTHING. So im pretty sure he is alcohol dependent but is he showing signs of cirrhosis or anything? Please help - and if he has got it what can i do to help him? i realize alcoholics can only be helped if they want to be helped but please any advice would be so useful.		
Will my health insurance be denied if I reveal I was treated for alcohol abuse several years ago		I am beginning a new job and one of the questions relates to alcohol treatment and another high blood pressure. I am being told if I omit the truth I can/will be denied coverage. Can they deny me coverage for telling the truth?		
Young adult books based on drugs/alcohol abuse, bullying, teens, parents, love, blah blah blah		I have already read all of the Ellen Hopkins books! I was looking for some similar to that! Thankssss		
Which is worse, alcoholism or conservatism		I think they both have that same negative effect on a family.		
Conclusion for my speech about Alcohol			I need a concluding paragraph about alcohol. main topics: brain damage, drinking addictions and drunk driving	
I left my alcoholic husband		I am married now for 24 years, which wasnt much of happiness, but I stayed on for my kids and maybe becoz I was afraid to leave. But at last I was able to leave with encouragement from my grownup kids who also suffered the burn of alcohol, abuse, and financial disaster. After leaving, I noticed that my relatives are not talking much to me. Even the ones who support me and think I have done right dont visit me. Suddenly me and my kids find that we are alone in this world and have only each other. We are learning to live, but I find myself very lonely and sometimes confused. Did I do right? I wasnt happy with him. I am not happy now too. I was lonely before, i am lonely now. I do have a job. Kids have their own life, they will be financially almost independent after this academic year. I dont know what I am going through.	Additional Details Thank you for all your answers. I feel encouraged. I did try to rehab him twice, but it he loves alcohol. Dear Dream Weaver, thanks for a diff. answer. Do not think that i took this action out of blue. It took tremendous courage to make this decision. You are thinking like most common Indians males will think. My sisters family broke relations with me, they said stay. its your fate and u have to suffer it. all i said was when a woman decides to fight her spouse, usually her society abandons her and i have left with this in mind. though it hurts. I guess I am literally living this experience. About my kids future, they themslves say they dont care for anyone who think I have done wrong, for they have seen and taken the humiliation, the pain and the suffering that alcohol causes. My husband wants me to come back, but even now he drinks and lies to me when I call to see how he is doing, and even abusive when he realizes I am serious about staying away. Dear Dream Weaver, i am d	
Free Alcohol and Drugs!		Where is the category for questions about addiction? Does this place even have one?		
Lots of back pain since quitting alcohol		Is that normal? I quit drinking for new years, and now Im having an awful lot of back pain. Can those things be intertwined? Thanks for any input.		
Is it okay to drink even if my dad is an alcoholic			so my dad is a pretty heavy drinker, and i absolutely hate it, so i stopped drinking because i would hate for anyone, including myself, to feel like i am just like him. i know i wouldnt become addicted like he is, but i just dont want to be like him, so is it still okay if i drink (like small amounts) of alcohol and i wont be seen as my father? am i being crazy to stop drinking all together just because of his problem?	
If I like to drink 750ml of 80 proof alcohol everyday would you think Im an alcoholic				
Anti drug and alcohol abuse superhero name			I need to think of a name for a superhero who is straight edge and is against drug and alcohol abuse, the superhero can free run and has the ability of aura wolves if this helps :)	
Is it ok to give a puppy alcohol			My boyfriend gave my 6 month old chihuahua puppy beer :[ he put it in his hand and let her drink it!! Is she going to die??? She is fine right now and playful like always but Im so nervous she is going to die!!	
Is it true people from some places in africa dont metabolize alcohol effectively		Substance abuse counselor said people from northern tip of Africa dont metabolize alcohol like other people. When i questioned him he told me go look it up. my concern is he put this out in front of a class and didnt provide a reference. Any truth to his statement or is this guy just borderline racist? I Googled the subject and i cant find anything substantial.		
Am i someone that is an alcoholic		this is a SERIOUS question and all that i am writing i ACTUALLY DO! i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! i am a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! and i get or feel defencive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober! and if i even go sober for three or four days i think about drinking and crave it and want to drink very hard to not think about alcohol going three days sober is too long for me! or long enough! i should point out that the last four or five weeks i have been drunk pubicly but i drink to also socialize better and to forget about who i really am lol! i got drunk on monday and tuesday i was home alone and snagged some crown royal! and on saturday night at the bar i had an argument with someone (cant remember what i all said) but he took my beer from me and i started getting a little mad and talked some more and i finally had the rest of my beer in front of him he was being serious tho and i think he threatened to punch me but didnt and i have quite a few blackouts and EVERY time it seems i get drunk which is weekly i dont remember parts from the last evening every time! and the odd time i have an eye opener! and i do not socialize unless i am drinking! and on monday i was at the lounge and people there told me i should quit drinking but i only got a little drunk! and i worked at 6:15 am and had four beers only four in two hours last friday and i had only seven or eight beers last night and a shot of jack daniels and a tequila shot hahahaha! and i have enough money to get drunk for the next few weeks and i bought a secret six pack today! most of that money is me going to be drunk! i got blackout drunk on the 23rd and on christmas eve i also was drinking secretly! i also got some cash for christmas but will be spent on beer! i also was going to buy beer the other night but it was closed so i was driving home feeling mad and irritated but i was able to get some wine from my dad and i had that fast and then some whiskey and then some baileys i drink out of my dads liqour cabinet quite a bit! and of course i was blackout drunk on new years! i had 4 secret beers last night and 6 secret beers tonight and two secret for thursday night, i had to hide the beers in my skates and pockets tonight so i can drink secretly tonight and tomorrow and last night, i have two beers hidden in my truck tonight to, it is minus 20 here right now lol!	Additional Details i also had an anxiety attack before i figured out how to get my sescret drinks in the house earlier tonight but now after 5 beers i feel so much better! im having six yet!	
I really need help with my Drug and Alcohol Test !! Please Help!!!!!!!		The ability to anticipate and determine upcoming driving hazards and conditions are adversely affected by stress. a) true b) false Substances become a form of ?self-soothing? when one feels stressed, down or anxious or feels the need for a reward a) true b) false Matching vehicle speed and direction to the situation is one of the traits of a good driver. a) true b) false Substance abuse is an _____ coping mechanism. a) effective b) ineffective c) both d) neither Alcohol is use as a form of self-medication to ?manage? _______. a) depression b) loneliness c) both d) neither When you are emotionally distressed, you should take a moment and recognize your anger for what it is, some hurt, real or imagined. a) true b) false Indirect costs from alcohol related crashes cost society approximately_______ billion dollars annually. a) 76 b) 86 c) 94 d) 114 A fatal motor vehicle crash happens in the United States every______minutes. a) 2 minutes b) 12 minutes c) 22 minutes Depressants are less dangerous than stimulants. a) true b) false A driver should realize that heavy traffic and the actions of others are beyond our control. a) true b) false Using alcohol during times of stress is a positive coping mechanism. a) true b) false Developing appropriate attitudes depends on making a personal commitment to change attitudes that are unsafe. a) true b) false If you are convicted of a DUI you could lose your life savings paying fines or restitution to the people that you have injured or killed. a) true b) false Drinking coffee or taking a cold shower can be an effective way of sobering up. a) true b) false The _____ person in the world who is able to determine that they have had too much to drink is the person who is drinking. a) first b) next c) last d) none of the above Crack use can produce severe impairment, has a high potential for dependence, possible brain damage and other medical problems. a) true b) false Federal law prohibits dealers, repair shops or anyone else from disabling an air bag. a) true b) false A________is a type of drug lowers the rate of muscular or nervous system activity. a) stimulant b) depressant c) narcotic d) hallucinogen. Extreme usage of stimulants can lead to convulsions, coma and circulatory collapse. a) true b) false Driving after drinking_______the probability of greater injury than would happen if you were sober. a) decreses b) has no effect on c) increases d) has the same risk on When you are approached by an emergency vehicle sounding a siren, having at least one lighted lamp exhibiting a red or blue light you do not need to do anything, keep driving as before. a) true b) false When you yield the right of way, you are letting them go before you in the traffic situation. a) true b) false Hallucinogens are not dangerous because of their unpredictable results. a) true b) false The depressant effect of alcohol does not interfere with the conduction of the electrical impulse of the heartbeat. a) true b) false Extensive use of alcohol can lead to brain damage. a) true b) false Your driving privilege will be revoked at least____ years if you kill someone. a) four b) three c) two d) one Depressants may reduce the effectiveness of your immune system making it easier for you to catch a cold and you may be at greater risk for developing cancer. a) true b) false Gamma-aminoburyric acid appears to decrease synaptic transmission and seem related to drugs. a) stimulant b) depressant c) inhalant d) none of the above. For a _____ conviction of a DUI you could be imprisoned for not more than six months. a) first b) second c) third d) fourth Stimulants raise your bodies? blood pressure, increase you breathing rate, increase your heart rate and raise your body temperature. a) true b) false For a ______ conviction of a DUI you could have your licensed revoked at least 5 years. a) third b) second c) first Violations of three points are ______. a) speeding 5-15 mph over the limit b) safety restraint violation for a person under 6 c) all other moving violations d) all of the above. The most common side effect of antihistamines is drowsiness. a) true b) false Violations of four points are ______. a) speeding 16 mph over the limit b) passing a stopped school bus c) reckless driving d) all of the above. If you accumulate a certain amount of points within a given time period, your license will be suspended, for instance if you get 12 points within 12 months your driving privilege will be suspended for not more than 30 days. a) true b) false The most dangerous situation to avoid is the head on collision. a) true b) false The build up of fatty tissues in the heart makes if more difficult for the heart to function. a) true b) false		
Bad relationship with alcoholic mum Please help			Ok so long story but Ill try to make it short. My mum is an alcoholic, suffers depression, anxiety... Shes 35, Im 15 anyway she used to physically abuse when she got drunk and the verbal abuse was the worst and that still happens a lot...so after all these years I told my school counsellor finally but I didnt know she was going to get child safety involved and they were on our back for months but my parents (who live under the same roof for financial reasons, but hate each others guts) kept telling them I was ok and everything was fine so now they have left us alone. So anyway, my mum has never forgiven me for telling my guidance counsellor what goes on at home and we often argue I mean a lot and then go for days without speaking properly. Im not blaming my mum entirely because sometimes I do retaliate and anyway last night she was saying hurtful things about me and how I should just drop out of school now, she cant stand the sight of me, I am a selfish so-and-so and I disgust her all that rubbish and it really hurts...I also have depression and anxiety and I self-harm and I am just really really over-sensitive so it makes me really upset when this stuff happens. Well last night she just went on and on and I just blurted out "you drunken (starts with wh...)" and she just completely lost it like she screamed at me for 20 minutes and even though she was drunk somehow she still remembered it today and were not speaking. Im just so sick of this relationship she doesnt trust me because of what I did talking to my counsellor and we just have completely opposite personalities I dont think well ever get along. So what can I do to make it easier for both of us while I am living under the same roof as my mother? I know teenage daughters and their mums are known to fight but this just never stops its different you know...please help me? I just dont know what to do. Ive apologised and in the past Ive written letters (I am quite articulate and good with words apparently not bragging or anything I just have a passion for writing) but my mum hates letters hates hates hates so that is out of the question...please help? Thanks...	
Alcohol Effects - help		Effects Alcohol Misuse can have on Friends Effects Alcohol Misuse can have on Family Effects Alcohol Misuse can have on Society Any help greatly appreciated, need it ASAP. Please!		
Suggest how an economist would approach the problem of alcohol abuse. Provide two possible solutions.		Include the four (4) elements of the economic way of thinking in your analysis.		
Do you believe that there are 50,000 dead due to alcohol poising, and 0 deaths do to marijuana smoking / year		Is that not enough? Who cares if it makes you lazy, thats not always bad. I have a job, I dont get high until I have nothing to do but play video games and relax. It is not like other much more addicting substances, I can have my day sober and smoke later. So wouldnt proper education be better then prohibition and jail time? Besides, like alcohol and caffeine it isnt for everyone. People should be able to decide legally if its right for them. No?	Additional Details Sophie - im not begging, im asking a question, and as easy as it was you still failed. So sad... Actually makers, that number is just poisoning, dui numbers are much higher. http://talkrehab.org/alcohol-poisoning-s? Me first - really? A .gov site for a reference? Thats why idiots get voted in...duh Me first - a little better, but still your argument is a little thin. I could ruin my life eating twinkies, mcdonalds, or many other bad choices all the time, but is my fault that abused that resource. Should they be illegal? Nope, its called freedom.	
Has anyone had a parent with a history of alcohol/drug abuse		My mother used drugs often and I honestly never met anybody else whose parents were on drugs. Well I met them but they never really wanted to talk about it which is understandable. I feel alone in going through this even though I know Im not so I just thought Id ask this question to find out about other peoples current or past experiences with it so I wouldnt feel so alone.		
How much alcohol will make me tired but not drunk		Im 16 (I know Im under age).I dont want to be drunk because I dont want to be an addict.I am just desperate to get to sleep.I think I may be an insomniac.Im not taking meds that cant be mixed with alcohol,they just say "May cause drowsiness.Alcohol may intensify this effect." I just want something to make me tired not drunk.Im not a stupid teen looking for a buzz,Im an insomniac who needs help sleeping.I am a 16 year old male weighing precisely 128 pounds (cant be exact because our scale is broken,but that is what my weight was when I went to the doctor last week.) Something along the lines of vodka or whiskey because thats the only thing my parents wouldnt notice missing.		
Why are atheists sexist, drug addicts, and alcohol addicts Is it just a coincidence theyre godless too		Of course its not. Godless societies equal what we have now. All of these secular humanist ideologies ruin everything.		
Why is alcohol and cigarettes not aloud in christianity		If wasnt for that i think i would convert :)	Additional Details I was reading an article about a branch of christainity i was reading up on, it said cigarettes and alcohol arent aloud. AND no they didnt teach this sort of thing at my school.	
Why do rock musicians like to abuse alcohol and drugs				
I am doing a research paper on the impact alcohol has on children. this is a brief introduction.		This topic was chosen for substance abuse counseling and families because Children of Alcoholics (COA?s) are often overlooked in the family disease of alcoholism. Often, the individual with the problem or alcoholism is the focus of treatment. Many times children of alcoholics sometimes are invisible in treatment. Not including children in the treatment of alcoholism can leave the children with long lasting effects throughout adulthood. Therefore, this paper will identify the concept of alcoholism as the organizing principle of the family system of alcoholic families. Next, the paper will discuss the effects parental alcoholism has on children. Finally, the last section of the paper will discuss treatment considerations for children living in alcoholic families.		
Does drinking alone make me an alcoholic		There are some nights where I try my best to find something to go do, but I have no luck. Believe me, I do a lot of productive things in my spare time, but sometimes when I cant find people to go hang out with, I just drink. I dont drink a ton, just enough to get a good buzz on. To me, alcohol is just a high, like weed is just a high. Its considered acceptable to smoke weed alone, but drinking alone generally paints you as an alcoholic. So what do you think? Is occasionally drinking alone, to experience things from a different perspective, something that makes me an alcoholic? (P.S.: If youre going to try and tell me that smoking weed is for drug addicts, I dont want to hear your opinion. I have the science to back myself up on this one.)		
Do jazz musician abuse drugs and alcohol				
HELP! My mothers an alcoholic			Truth be told, my moms always had this "party girl/rocker girl" persona her whole life. She has always openly consumed alcohol around me and my younger brother our whole lives, but up until recently, I never noticed how bad it was. My mom always has to have some form of alcohol EVERY day, and this has been true since I can remember. About 3 years ago my parents divorced (due to what Ive concluded as my mom cheating on my dad with some guy she immediately moved in with after the divorce). Things were okay I guess, but then my mom started working at this dumpy restaurant with a horrid boss/staff and a horrible influence for a "friend", who basically used my mom and fueled her bad drinking. About a year ago, I noticed my mom drinking a lot ALL the time. Sometimes when my mom laughs really hard (its a rarity to see her laugh at all), my 12 year old brother asks her, "Are you drunk?" which she just laughs off. I hate hearing my LITTLE brother notice our moms drinking problem, but she doesnt seemed fazed. My grandmother, her mother, has even confronted my mom about drinking too much, which my mom gets really annoyed with and denies any problem and thinks my grandma to be annoying. Truth is, I was talking with my grandma about how I hate the taste of wine but want to drink it to look classy at dinner parties, and my grandma told me that was a bad idea because our family has seen alcoholics before and it wasnt a pretty thing. Hearing my grandma say that with such scared sadness really scared me. What if my mom turns out how the other alcoholic in our family did--dead too young? Now, my mom has broken up with the man she was dating after the divorce, and is dating this new guy. I didnt like the previous guy, but I really dont like this guy at all. My mom has had people tell her they dont like him either, but she has this "F*CK THEM" personality about it. This guy drinks a lot of beer, and my mom is always buying beer/bringing beer to his house. I hate it. And now her drinking is getting progressively worse--she has several glasses of cheap wine and bottles of beer before working (as a waitress, still). I mention all the time she drinks too much, but she gets mad at me and huffy. One time I asked her why she basically chugs wine before work, and she claimed it "relaxes" her. Hm. Also, recently I noticed her taking disposable coffee cups to work, which I naively thought contained coffee. She works evenings, so I once asked why she had coffee and she said "it helps me focus". Today, I saw her filling one of these disposable coffee cups with wine. Theyre pretty decent sized cups, too. She also had a glass of wine at her side, as she usually does. Im really scared. Im her 17 year old daughter and I feel like Im her mother. She wont listen to me, Ive tried, and I dont know what to do. Her boyfriend isnt a good influence, I know this, but she wont listen to that either, which is expected, seeing as most girlfriends would back up their boyfriends. I just dont know what to do anymore...do you guys think shes an alcoholic? I obviously do, I just want opinions, what to do, if youve dealt with this before...I hate this. Im going away to college next year, and though my younger brother still has my dad, I dont like the thought of my brother being with my mom or her boyfriend. HELP PLEASE.	
Alcohol Effects! Help	--JaSmInE-- 		What are the effects or consequences of abusing alcohol? -Effects on motor skills -Effects on speech and coordination -Effects on the unborn fetus I really need help on this!!	
Do you find alcohol addicting		I personally dont see what the fuss is about. I can have a shot or two and be satisfied, usually not feeling compelled to drink again the next day or even weeks/months later.	Additional Details @Hotrod Fully understood. @Sam Its about the feeling. I usually down no more than 2 shots and drop the needle on a record to relax at home in solitude. Because my house-mates have this absurd notion that Im an alcoholic (HA!) and wont shut up about it, its usually late at night that I do this. I like to go to sleep buzzed and Ill have a bit more occasionally to end the session, but no, Im not at all gripped by the urge to keep drinking. I think I might do this once or twice a month, if that.	
Would you let your children drink alcohol		Would you freak out if you found out they did?		
What is the alcohol or drug addiction process		What are the specific steps someone should take if they know of a person who is a drug addict or alcoholic. explain some of the treatment programs available to addicts.how does an alcoholic or drug addict affect family members?		
Am i seriously an alcoholic		this is a SERIOUS question and all that i am writing i ACTUALLY DO! i want to start by saying that i have been called an alcoholic and addict before! even by my parents! i have noticed, actually for over a year now when i drink and get drunk i obsess that i have enough to get drunk and drink! or if i cant drink as much as i wanted to i get a little pissed off! or i get paranoid or anxious if i cant drink as much as i wanted to! i MOSTLY drink and get drunk alone because i have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder! is this normal to obsess about having enough alcohol to get drunk alone? i think it is! right now im in a financial problem so i can only spend 40 dollars a week and it is mostly on beer! =]:) but i want to drink more and get drunk more! if your wondering i am a 21 year old male! (not in college!) i also notice that when im not drinking and if people are drinking around me or are drunk i want to drink and get drunk to! it is very contagious and tempting to do that when i experience that! and yes drinking and getting drunk is IMPORTANT to me even tho i do it alone mostly! i guess i do quite a bit of secret drinking to and my dad just said to me "i think you drink enough" and yes alcoholism runs in my family and dna! i have been told that means you have a higher chance of becoming an alcoholic! lol but that NEVER stopped me from drinking and getting drunk! lol! i also ONLY socialize when i am drunk or drinking as it helps! i am a loner with no real friends but lots of acquaintances but that wont stop me from getting drunk! but seriously i DISLIKE being sober and LOVE being under the influence of alcohol ALONE or alone at a bar or lounge in a crowd! and i get or feel defencive if someone like my mom or dad or anyone talk to me about my drinking! i also have problalby have purchased over 100 beers worth of six packs and hiding it in my basement in my hockey equipment bag and work clothes and i also have a certain designated time to drink and i always ALWAYS think about alcohol and getting drunk! even when i am sober! and i do not drink everyday or get drunk everyday but i would like to drink everyday! and i think about it LOTS of being drunk when i am sober! and if i even go sober for three or four days i think about drinking and crave it and want to drink very hard to not think about alcohol going three days sober is too long for me! or long enough! i should point out that the last four or five weeks i have been drunk pubicly but i drink to also socialize better and to forget about who i really am lol! and a month ago at the bar i had an argument with someone (cant remember what i all said) but he took my beer from me and i started getting a little mad and talked some more and i finally had the rest of my beer in front of him he was being serious tho and i think he threatened to punch me but didnt and i have quite a few blackouts and EVERY time it seems i get drunk which is weekly i dont remember parts from the last evening every time! and the odd time i have an eye opener! and i do not socialize unless i am drinking! i got blackout drunk on the 23rd and on christmas eve i also was drinking secretly! i also got some cash for christmas but it was ALL spent on beer! i also was going to buy beer a couple weeks ago but it was closed so i was driving home feeling mad and irritated but i was able to get some wine from my dad and i had that fast and then some whiskey and then some baileys i drink out of my dads liqour cabinet quite a bit! and of course i was blackout drunk on new years! i had 4 secret beers last night and 2 secret beers tonight and will be buying a secret six pack tomorrow after work! last night tho i had to hide my two remaining beers that i just had in half an hour and they were frozen but i got them out as i got something from my truck! yes i obsess about alcohol and getting drunk ALWAYS on my mind! im spending more money than i should on alcohol! some people have said i should quit to and my dad said to me i dont want to lose you to drinking	Additional Details Malia i am simply asking if what i described (which is ALL true) sounds like alcoholism or alcoholic behavior which i seriously think is going on weirdfish 13 when you said "call yourself an alcoholic" were you just being funny? lol	
Agree or Disagree: Social Services should take away the children of drug addicts & alcoholics & move them into		foster homes until their parents get rehabilitated from their drug and or alcohol addiction to make sure these children dont become addicted to drugs like their parents		
If someones addicted To alcohol is their fault		I was told its due to some form of family trauma or past problems that causes addictions so if thats the case is the addict to blame OR NOT and FOR GOD SAKE IM NOT TALKING ABOUT ME EVERY TIME I ASK A QUESTIONS THERES ONE SMART A$$ WHO SAY GET YOUR SELF HELP OR STOP DOING THAT IF IT WAS ME I WOULD SAY I HAVE AN ADDICTION I HAVE NOTHING TO BE ASHAMED ITS VERY UNLIKELY Ill ever MEET ANY OF YOU ANYWAY		
Sex addicts can still have sex, food addicts can still have cake, so why cant an alcoholic still drink			Additional Details Yes alcohol is toxic to the body.. but so is junk food.	
A question for people who abuse alcohol		My dad is on probation for a second offense d.u.i. How many days does alcohol get out of system because he has to take a breath analyzer every month?		
What gives a greater "kick" per dollar worth Cough syrup or just regular alcohol Which is worse to be abused		I didnt mean to abuse the cough syrup. All the spoons were in the dishwasher and I figured I could guesstimate by just sipping a little. I guess I was a little off. I felt so lightheaded, but euphoric. So much quicker to get this way than with regular booze. So is trying to get that euphoric feeling from cough syrup any worse than trying to get it from booze?	Additional Details So is cough syrup more potent than alcohol volume-wise.	
What is wrong with me the only thing i care about is alcohol 		I mean all i think about care about i constantly think about the weekend so i can get drunk. Ever since the girl i loved pretty much left me it started. I used to always think about her want to wake up to see her to talk to her but now thats how i am with alcohol but i dont talk to it haha. My "friends" get pissed at me for sulking over it but the alcohol makes it better. Im not sure if im addicted but i skiped last weekend and i was fine till late saturday night and im not sure if i was just cold or it was alcohol shakes but i was shivering and it worried me and i just started crying. Worst part of all im a highschooler and underage. I just cant take it anymore.		
Does rubbing alcohol help you pass a saliva drug test				
How to make my mom stop abusing alcohol		Now, my mom is a VERY stubborn woman, and happens to be a closet alcoholic. She absolutely REFUSES to believe she happens to be an alcoholic even though shes done horrible things while drunk, such as: she peed herself, passed out multiple times, thrown up countless times, beaten me, shoved my head in a toilet, locked me in a closet, and MUCH more. Please help? Im a thirteen year old girl, I shouldnt be dealing with this bullcrap. All help is appreciated. Oh, by the way, my mom and I are both atheists. So please no, "SHE NEEDS JESUS IN HER LIFE". Thank you. <3		
Need to help alcoholic boyfriend now WILL CHOOSE BEST ANSWER		i am very worried about my boyfriend. he has been an alcoholic for around ten years. When he drank he used to be very abuse towards me. He stopped being abusive when i started leaving. Every time he was abusive i would find a way to sneak away and leave. The abuse quickly stopped because he was scared he was losing me. And so he hasnt been abusive in a long time, and our relationship has been so great we have never been more in love with each other. We are very happy and have so much fun together but in a week he has a court sentencing from almost a year ago when he was abusive towards me, and when i talked to the probation officer he told me that he will probably go to jail. And have to test every single day for a year to make sure he is not drinking. Now i am so worried because he drinks either a 5th or a 6 pack of the highest alcohol containing beer every single night and has been doing so for 10years. So i want him to quit drinking, so badly, his health seems to be going downhill but im scared he will die if he quits cold turkey... any advice on what i could do... Please	Additional Details there is no time for him to go to treatment, one week and he will probably be in jail and if hes not he will still not be able to drink for a year and im scared he will die if he quits cold turkey, hes been an alcoholic for 10yrs!!!!	
Do i have a drinking problem (not with alcohol)			I dont have a drinking problem with alcohol. However i am addicted to drinking up to 4-6 liters of water and soda in under an hour. I love seeing my belly that big. Is this harmful to my intestines?	
How come when people see alcoholics they say they should stop drinking but they never tell obese people they		some people tell alcoholics they should stop drinking alcohol they tell smokers they should stop smoking they tell liars to stop lying but they never tell obese people to stop eating so unhealthy. why is that when being obese can cause many illnesses such as heart attacks, stroke, diabetes, cancer, liver disease and many more		
Friend addicted to drugs and alcohol, and shes PREGNT. What to do		My friend is addicted to drugs and alcohol. She always has been in the short year Ive known her. Her big sis is the same. Her even bigger sis died 3 years ago because she did the same. She was only 16. Recently, at school, we were talking and like revealing secrets to each other. Deep into the conversation, she informs me she is PREGNT. And dosent know who the father is. It could be one of 4 guys. Might I add we are only in the seventh grade. WHAT SHOULD I DO?!?!?! Please help me!	Additional Details Im not giving u crap guys!!!! This is a serious situation!!! I am seriously really scared I need so me help!! An I am being real! Please I dont need you all to be mean Im in seventh grade Im twelve!! Please just answer the question! I didnt waste 5 points for nothing!!	
Addicted to alcohol..........how to stop it safely		Hi I am a 24 yr old man too skiinny 5 10" 55 kg started drinking heavily since last 1 year..whenever I start to drink I drink untill I passed out there is no stop in between.....now I realised that I am addicted to it when I had a horror dream followed by a violent body shake last monday night went to bed without any alcohol. I am so scared now. I really want to reduce my drinking habit but not sure is it safe or not.		
Would marijuana help a recovering alcoholic		I was reading earlier that some of the symptoms exhibited by recovering alcoholics are insomnia, nightmares, irritability, and loss of appetite. Marijuana is a proven sleep aid and an appetite enhancer<SEMCOL> it also typically lessens irritability. All that said, it seems as if marijuana would be an excellent medicine for a recovering alcoholic. Is this the case? If it isnt, why? Im not looking for an answer based on moral criteria and its current legal status, by the way.		
How do I kick this alcohol addiction		Im only 25 but I feel the need to drink every night. I have one dui but really should have had more. I have 2 kids and a full time job so AA seems impossible to fit into my schedule. My husband is an enabler because he is an alcoholic too. I want a different life style but dont know where to begin.		
Rape and alcohol. Men to blame		Say you have a man and a women. Both are very drunk, and they decide to have sex neither of them were capable of making a rational decision, yet the woman is well within her grounds to claim the man raped her, because whatever consent was given was given when the woman wasnt in a situation where the woman was able to make a rational decision. But the man would have no grounds to claim the woman raped her even though its also true that whatever consent he gave was given when he wasnt in a situation where he was able to make a rational decision. Why is this?	Additional Details Jessica. That would be an ideal world, BUT unfortunately a brief look at the courts and the law will show you that both are inherently sexist. There isnt a judge or jury out there that would convict a woman for raping a man under these circumstances. And actually thinking about it under UK law at least (I believe its similar for the US) a jury would be completely unable to convict a woman of rape, as under UK law a woman cannot commit rape.	
How much alcohol does it take to cause liver disease				
Of all these: crystal meth, heroin, cocaine, cigarettes, alcohol and gambling, which one is toughest to		quit? Which one gives the addicts most halucion and pleasure?		
Can you do drugs and drink alcohol in the military			i know this question might piss some people off but its a serious question. im 17 and im gonna join the military and i was just wondering if underage drinking and doing drugs(marijuana) happens in the military.	
How do I deal with his anger and alcohol issues		Weve been together for almost 2 years and things are fne until he starts drinking...he only drinks every weekend with our friends so its not like I can tell him to stop. He just turns into this ugly person and has the shortest fuse and has even yelled and got physical with me. Its happened way too many times and he wants to talk to me tonight. What the hell am I supposed to say about this. I feel like a broken record repeating myself over and over.		
Friend addicted to drugs and alcohol ... And PREGNT. What to do		My friend is addicted to drugs and alcohol. She always has been in the short year Ive known her. Her big sis is the same. Her even bigger sis died 3 years ago because she did the same. She was only 16. Recently, at school, we were talking and like revealing secrets to each other. Deep into the conversation, she informs me she is PREGNT. And dosent know who the father is. It could be one of 4 guys. Might I add we are only in the seventh grade. WHAT SHOULD I DO?!?!?! Please help me! PS- Im not giving u crap guys!!!! This is a serious situation!!! I am seriously really scared I need so me help!! An I am being real! Please I dont need you all to be mean Im in seventh grade Im twelve!! Please just answer the question! I didnt waste 5 points for nothing!!		
Please explain to me how Cannabis can be compared as being as dangerous as Alcohol/Heroin Abuse etc		and by compared i mean that Cannabis is illegal in the same way that any other drug like heroin, LSD, Ecstasy etc alcohol cost the NHS 3bn every year crack,heroin,Barbiturate abuse costs the NHS 18.8bn 250 ecstasy-related deaths being reported between 1999 and 2004 Cannabis,and LSD are non toxic and only those with hereditary and other factors (ie born with mental illness) are susceptible to Psychosis in the same way that person would be if they were to abuse Alcohol,prescription drugs or heroin or any other class A drug(Many different research studies have discovered potentially contributing factors, but it is not yet known how all these different elements are linked, or interact to cause the symptoms of psychosis. Research studies continue to try to fit all the pieces together: these include brain imaging studies, projects studying D and genes, and studies tracking individuals with a diagnosis of psychosis and their families.) 2003 2004 Cocaine 113 147 All Amphetamines 66 83 Ecstasy 33 48 Solvents 42 45 Opiates 766 944 Cannabis officially only 1 person has ever died in the United Kingdom from acute cannabis poisoning http://www.cannabis.net/uk/mortality.htm? http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-? All deaths 2445 2598 Considering the above Facts (which if you think are false you can research and see for yourself by simply copying and pasting the relevant info into google Why is cannabis considered a huge danger to the public in the UK if they are to smoke it (Even the governments top advisor Dr David Nutt was sacked for releasing scientific data which showed than cannabis was one of the least damaging drugs and he was sacked for not towing the "Political Line" PS i understand the risks of smoking tobacco (which is taxed by the Government in the same way alcohol=8.2 billion in tax made as of 2010 and tobacco=11.1 billion in tax made as of 2011) 1 minute ago - 4 days left to answer. Additional Details and by compared i mean that Cannabis is illegal in the same way that any other drug like heroin, LSD, Ecstasy etc	Additional Details Common SENSE......... TAKING THE ABOVE FACTS INTO ACCOUNT Please explain to me how Cannabis can be compared as being as dangerous as Alcohol/Heroin Abuse etc? and by compared i mean that Cannabis is illegal in the same way that any other drug like heroin, LSD, Ecstasy is when it is clearly not dangerous in comparison to the two largest tax money spinners in the UK TOBACCO AND ALCOHOL	
Whats worse, alcohol or cannabis		Long term and short term, whats worse for you, im just wondering because people who drink to much throw up and cause problems for everyone, but people who smoke cannabis just get high and become awesome, Also, are all the "facts" about cannabis being seriously dangerous true or is it just bs to scare people off because i smoke it at least every other day and have done for ages and im fine, so are all my friends and everyone else who i know that smoke it compared to friends i know that drink every other day, iv researched loads on the health effects of cannabis but i simply cannot find the truth every site is different and gives off mixed signals, so yeah whats worse alcohol or cannabis and is it really that dangerous, Thankyou in advance,		
Why do I dream frequently of alcoholic drinks			Im 15, and I honestly have never had one sip of alcohol. I would take some if offered, but money is tight and I have clothes to buy. Lately Ive had dreams in which I drink alcohol, and Im wondering why. As a side note, it does taste delicious even in my subconscious	
What do I do to reverse symptoms of excessive short term use of alcohol		This past week, I was drinking pretty heavily (Swedish Vodka 40%) for two days in a row. The first day, I had about half a glass of vodka with a friend over at my house. The second day, I must have had at least more than half a glass or the same towards the end of the day. When I drink alcohol, I metabolize it extremely fast even though I only weigh 125lb and Im extremely skinny. I have a drinking habit of just keep drinking when I start to keep my buzz or stay "intoxicated." I realize it was becoming a problem only because it was affecting my health negatively. I stopped drinking after that second night but Ive had such terrible withdrawals. Symptoms that wont go away even though my hangover is passed has been,  My body feels sick & maybe its because all Ive been eating lately is things like potatoes and white rice, I keep feeling like Ive been punched in the stomach and Im getting short of breath a lot, I keep experiencing random body pains all over my body randomly, I just feel really sore. Im slowly but surely recovering my body but Ive been trying to find ways to reverse the damage I have done to my body. I wouldnt say Im an alcohol addict because I dont drink every single day, I dont let it impair my life. Its just when the time does come where I drink, I find myself becoming really addicted to keeping my impaired state and so I over indulge my body with alcohol to the point where it gets me really sick. I think even a few times, this habit caused me to find blood when I went to the bathroom. The first time was because I thought I was sober enough but I still had alcohol in my body and I took one acetaminophen pill. The second time was after dosing myself with vodka for a very prolonged period without stopping to break. What I did was unacceptable but Im glad I recognized it was a problem and decided to do something about it before it ran away and got out of hand. Tomorrow Im going to the vitamin store to pick up a couple things for my liver health. Thiamin, Vitamin B6, Milk Thistle. If any of you guys have any serious detox methods or advance on addressing self binge drinking, Id really appreciate it. Thanks much.	Additional Details *advice* on addressing-	
My mom is an alcoholic		A year ago i found out that my mom is an alcoholic. She is a good mom but when she isnt at work or when she comes home from work, she gets drunk at home. And when she is not working she goes to some bar to drink with her friends and comes back home really drunk and goes to sleep. Sometimes she wakes up at 4 pm, make me something to eat then she is just sitting at TV and drinking (when i come downstairs to kitchen, she hides the bottle but sometimes she even drinks in front of me) I talked to my dad about this and he said she had problems with alcohol all the time they are together and i dont want to lose her because she is a really good mom. Im 16, currently studying on art school and i dont like getting drunk with friends every weekend because i dont see any kind of fun in it. Sometimes i smoke weed with friends but im not addicted and its way more fun and way less harmful. Me and my dad tried many ways to make her stop drinking, he talks to her about this all the time but she says she isnt drunk, just sleepy and when he proves that she is drunk (he bought an alcohol detector) she still finds some argument.. When i talk to her about alcohol she says i should concentrate on my own problems rather than hers. My 13 years old brother doesnt know how much she is drinking and my dad tries to keep him out of this but our family know about it. So basically the problem is that she doesnt want to go to rehab because she says its ok and she will try to drink less but it still has the same ending. She says she isnt alcoholic and its not really a problem but it is.	Additional Details btw sorry for grammar mistakes im from slovakia	
Why when I have one alcoholic beverage do I crave another one		When I go out to dinner sometimes I will order a vodka tonic... however once I get that little buzz, its almost like my body craves more.. even though I know I should stop at one. Why is this? Does the body get hooked on that one drink of alcohol and suddenly crave more? Is there a scientific explanation to this? Is my body addicted to alcohol or something?		
With alcohol & drug counselors how much does it pay and how long do i have to study for it		Hello ! christian alcohol & drug counseling I wanted to know how much does it pay and how long do i have to go to school for it and what does it involve and what do i have to do for me to uptain a degree for it and i just basically want to know all the information thank you very much ! sincerely Carlos!		
Im 13 and I think I have a alcohol problem		Ok so please dont judge me I get enough judgment thrown at me as it is. I drink alcohol EVERY day. If I cant get alcohol one day ill start shaking and vomiting. Its all I think about. Iv been in the hospital twice for suicide attempts and substance abuse. Im so scared that ill have to go back to the hospital. PLEASE HELP ME		
Diflucan Alcohol Abuse Drug		I want to know that the diflucan drug that can be prescribed for anti alcohol abuse, can it be prescribed for long periods of time i.e. over 3 months, any reason why it cant. Or it can be prescribed on a long term basis. Thanks		
Does xanax help with alcohol withdrawl				
Alcoholism. a quick question! will give best answer!		im doing a project on whether alcoholics should be given a liver transplant if they have been sober for six months. my question is how do the NHS know someone has remained sober for those six months and not sneakily had a drink? thank you	Additional Details yes but they dont do blood tests every few days do they? do you know the actual process the NHS use?	
Am I addicted to alcohol		Im a freshman in college and lately Ive been drinking quite a bit. I drink pretty much every weekend, and when I do I get drunk. My friends have been saying that Im an alcoholic and that I need help, and I get out of control when I have too much to drink. I dont drink during the week at all, and I drink a maximum of two times every weekend, although its usually less. Should I stop drinking altogether, or should I just stop drinking so much?	Additional Details I guess they say Im an alcohol because when Im drunk, sometimes I say I drink to get drunk because I dont like myself when Im sober, so I guess it makes sense. I suppose I should also not drink when Im in a bad mood or depressed.	
How can people become alcoholics		how can people become alcoholics when alcohol tastes worse than sh*t?		
My boyfriend who is the best in the world had developed a problem with alcohol lately, he was physically		And sexually abused as a child, he gets angry and upset when hes drunk, never violent, he is such a caring man and would give you his last cent, but since he has begun therapy he has been drinking a lot, he has acknowledged it and wants help. But Im u sure if the relationship will always be volatile if he drinks again. Were both 32 and know each other years. Most of the time he is the life and soul of the party when we drink but lately he has become withdrawn and depressed. Should I just end it now?		
Alcohol abuse question help!!		My dad loves to to drink beer and has been drinking since he was 20 he is now 42 he is constantly drinking large amounts and im worried about the risks , what are the consequences will this shorten hes life ??		
Can anyone explain to me why weed is illegal and alcohol not		i know that this has been brought up by tons of people, just wanna see if i can get a new answer i hadnt thought of before. please listen to my argument before answering. marijuana is a plant, alcohol is ethanol. its fuel, you could make a bomb out of it. alcohol kills thousands of people a year, marijuana has never been known to kill anybdoy. while both can be mentally addictive, the percent of the population who is an alcoholic is much higher then the percent of people who have smoked marijuana and become addicted. not to mention alcohol is one of the most physically addictive substances on earth. it is one of two things (the other being barbituates) in which withdrawls can actually kill you. ALCOHOLICS CAN DIE FROM NOT DRINKING ALCOHOL! drunk driving is much harder then stoned driving, anybdoy whos done both will tell you that. "marijuana makes you unproductive" i have been both an alcoholic and a pothead at seperate times. when i was a pot head, i was working out, going to college, and getting reasonably good grades. when i was an alcoholic, i laid on my friends couch for the majority of the day. i was also suicidal, and angry at the entire world. upon quiting alcohol, i experienced the scariest withdrawls of my life. i was hearing voices and seeing spiders. my hands shook so bad i couldnt play piano. i felt sick and sweaty all the time. if youre going to say marijuana makes you stupid, please provide reasonable evidence. i have looked at the numbers and marijuana users score just as well on tests of intelligence as the control group. i have had a proffesional IQ test taken and scored in the 95th percentile of my age group, and i was even high durring parts of the test itself. my memory was in the 87th percentile. so anything else you can think of? please no groundless and stupid answers like "drugs are for losers," "drugs destroy your soul" ALCOHOL IS A DRUG!	Additional Details @ super guy- 1. i have done excessive ammounts of both, and only alcohol has made me hallucinate. or at least the withdrawls have made me hallucinate. smoke weed one day and youll see how much exaggeration there is. 2. women are often raped because they drink roofies or GHB at a bar. liquid is easier to "taint" then a plant 3. please provide evidence. on 11% of people who have smoked marijuana are addicted. marijuana does not cause withdrawls. much more then 11% of the country is addicted to alcohol. haha i hope some of you are just trolling for the answers you have given me. marijuana can make you crazy but alcohol cant? I WAS CLOSE TO COMMITING SUICIDE WHEN I WAS AN ALCOHOLIC, HOW IS THAT NOT CRAZY? I WAS HEARING VOICES AND SEEING IMAGIRY SPIDERS. when i quit marijuana, the only thing that happened was i wished i had marijuana	
Should i continue drink alcohol		Drinking alcohol normally for sociability. I think it is a cause of addict. Is that means i addict to the alcohol?		
Weed vs alcohol Which do you prefer		Ok, here a little elaboration to my question. Im 19 and live in uk (legal drinking age is 18 so all is ok) I love going to the pub with my mates and having a few pints. Ive also been known to drink alone, (I love magners!) when i say drinking alone i dont get drunk just have 1-2 pints of magners whilst the football is ok TV. A lot of my mates are in to weed... I use to enjoy smoking a few joints here an there with some mates... But now I cant go near the stuff, it makes me paranoid... Nothing long term as I believe it is a harmless drug, but when Im smoking it i get paranoid that everyone is talking about me (even my close mates) and everything i say is stupid. Im silent and boring on it as the paranoia is overwhelming. My question is, is there anyone else who prefers alcohol? Too many pot heads around who are against alcohol and all for bud... I personally think alcohol is a much more socialable drug and I love socializing on it, and drinking to relax. Weed does give me a sense of relaxation but even when Im alone if someone knocks on my door i instantly think its the police/ or someone coming to get me. Thats just me though, Id appreciate everyone elses opinions.		
Advise on alcoholic husband		We are both over 40 years old and have been married less than a year. He is an alcoholic. At first he hid it and then it seemed he was a social drinker, but it got worse gradually and now it is completely out of hand. Evidently he had been in rehab before and had to go through detox and then stopped drinking for 17 years and never told me until I kicked him out of the house. So, over the weekend I told him he had to leave because he threatened me with suicide and was just behaving insane all the way around. I offered to buy him a plan ticket back to his home, which he refused. He packed a suitcase, left half his things with us and left to an unknown hotel. He has $700 to his name, no car, and no mattress to rent a room. He has nothing and I feel responsible for his demise. He called me last night drunk and telling me he was going to go outside and freeze to death and just wanted to tell me goodbye. It is on average 20 below here, last night it was 51 below, so freezing to death is more than possible. This is why I asked him to leave, the drinking and consequential depression. I cannot have it around my 11yo child or aging parents, all of whom I take care of. We live in a duplex that we own and none of them need this. So, he begs me to come back. I told him to go to AA, get some counseling, and maybe he could come back, but he has to prove it to me first. The thing that I am worried about is he has no money, no car, no anything. I offered to help him get set up in a place, give him rides to work because he works too early for the bus system and give him our laptop so he can look for a better job. He tells me its either he comes home or he says goodbye forever, and I know what that means. He tells me it is not suicide when he is sober, but I know him well enough to know that is not true. I feel responsible and part of me wants to allow him to come back for a couple weeks to save more of his paychecks, but that will just piss off everyone in my home and create more insanity. I brought him to my state less than a year ago. We were married. He came with not much money, although I have known him for a few years and he has made 6 figures, but the economy is bad. He lost it all in a business he started and came with nothing. He has been an absolute jerk off and drunk since he has been here and we have only been together twice since we have been married. He has treated me like I do not matter and he has been emotional unstable and drank heavier and heavier since he has been here. I asked him to stop drinking and he would not even talk to me. He has lied to me over and over which I found out later. Friday night, I did not know what to do when he told me that if I fall asleep I had better be prepared to find him in the morning frozen in my front lawn. I did not sleep all night Friday night while he slept all night, sitting up in my chair watching the hallway to make sure he did not do it. Then I did not sleep all day Saturday because I had to help him figure out what to do. He has not eaten since he left (but he could afford to buy a bottle of booze evidently) and Dear God and am just tired of all this. I am stressed to the max, have a good friend dying of cancer, and have had two other recent deaths of family friends. Am I being too hard? I am truly afraid he will kill himself and I absolutely feel responsible. I told him I would go to the AA meetings with him, and take him to church. I offered everything because I care, but he will not take it unless he can come home. Not sure what to do... There is no violence, domestic abuse, or yelling. I do not drink aside from a glass of wine on occasion, just for the record. I know he is emotionally blackmailing me, but I also know that I feel utterly responsible for his demise... I brought him here and maybe he would be fine if he never came here...		
My mom is an alcoholic and is drunk RIGHT NOW, HELP		My mother has always been a drinker, but in the last few years it has come to me that it is a problem. I am turning 14 in about 3 weeks and she thinks she can still try to hide it from me. My parents are divorced, and my dad almost NEVER drinks. The last time he had a beer was a month or so ago, and before that he hadnt had one in a year. In my entire lifetime, my mother has attacked me physically 2 times while drunk, one time when I was too young to defend myself (she pinned me down on the bed until I yelled for help) and once very recently when she tried to rip the phone away form me while I called Dad and had to pin her on the counter in self defense. Today, my great grandmothers personal nurse we hired to keep her (she is 94, I think) has fallen sick, so we came over to relieve him. She almost went off the road twice and nearly hit 3 cars on the way there. Its only a 5 minute drive. She claims she hasnt drunk since my sister visited and when she was drunk then, she fell over twice in front of her 2 grandkids. She claims I say that shes drunk because I dont get my way, when that is ENTIRELY UNTRUE. My dad and grandparents (that we live with) are aware of her problem. Right now, at my great grandmothers, she is claiming shell give away her custody of me to my dad so i can live with him and his wife and my half younger brother. She wants me to call my dad to come get me, but I am NOT leaving her alone so she can commit suicide (shes tried before) and I will NOT leave her with my great grandmother while shes drunk. She was nice when we left my grandparents, but when I called her out on being drunk, she went into a fit. When we left the house she said wed pick up anything I wanted for dinner from McDonalds or Cook Out or something, but we didnt stop. So after we settled in at my great grandmothers, I realized we forgot dinner, and asked her if we should go get it while the nurse was still there. She said, no, because you just want your way and blah blah blah. I WILL NOT CALL THE LAW ON HER, because I love her too much for her to be arrested. I HAVE had to go live with my dad 3 times before, I warned her that this was her FIL CHANCE. I ALSO would like to know how to go about putting her on suicide watch. Thank you VERY MUCH in advance, you will be helping me with a life problem that I want to put to rest as quick as possible. ~CLH		
Is it worse to be an alcoholic or pill addict		and why		
What is the word to describe someone who is addicted to drugs/alcohol				
18 and legal to drink alcohol		Can someone please give me 3 pros to lowering the drinking age. I need to brainstorm some ideas for my research, and I need some opinion since I have to take the pros side. Anything will be great. So far I know that if you are able to drive, vote, be in military, then why cant you drink? Thank you!		
Is Bob Beckel an alcoholic				
Can doctors prescibe medicine for Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome from alcohol		I have been sober over four months now and have been to the doctor numerous times tons of test and nothing is wrong with me, infact they say that im in very good health besides my blood pressure. Got ct scans thats all good. Anyways I am suffereing from dizzyness, body feeling off, unbalanced or wavy type feeling. MY memory is not that great either right now. So i decided that it must be from the alcohol abuse. Can doctors prescribe anything to maybe help with these types of things when they are bad? Any information would be helpful! thanks	Additional Details Also what type of doctor should i see for this problem?	
How long does it take for the alcohol to leave my body		Im a big girl and yesterday me and some friends went out to eat I drank 1 bottle of corona at 7pm and today at 5pm im going to take a drug test thats required for a job I applied to ... my weight is 240 lbs. im 53 And 19 years old... Will I pass the drug test? will they even test for alcohol in the body? Thanks!		
Which is worse Drinking Alcohol or Using Steroids		Say for a period of a year you had to choose one of these things, What you choose and why or Just give your opinion on What do you think is worse.		
Do I go looking for my alcoholic wife		I will try to keep this short, but I could write a novel on this. My wife has struggled with alcohol abuse for a few years. She tends to use being "angry" or "aggravated" for a reason to drink. This usually means I have no clue where she is going or where she is while downs way too much wine. I have driven untold amount of miles driving to all the bars parking lots in the past looking for her and have on occasion found her in absolutely horrible positions that could have ended with her being taken advantage of and much worse. Tonight she came home from work and it was one of the worst days she has ever had at work. I start walking on eggshells but I said things that she obviously didnt think i said in the correct way. She comes in starts a fight with me and she wants to go to the clothes shop to de stress. I asked if we could just stay in and i could rub her back and make her feel better. She said we should cook something in particular and we needed some stuff from the grocery. She suggests she runs into the boutique while i go across the street to the grocery store. I take 15 minutes getting what we need and drive back over. She is gone. I walk to the restaurants and bars in the area, she is not there. I spend about 45 minutes checking each one and she is not in any of them. I drive back up to our condo (in the same complex as the grocery and restaraunts) and her car is gone. She wont answer her phone, she just now responded to my text asking to atleast let me know she is safe. (She said she is safe) Now I have to decide if I go out looking for her or if I let her finally get hit with consequences. I am so conflicted because I dont want her drinking and driving and I dont want her hurt in any way, but I have been rescuing her every time she does this. She is a petite, attractive girl that I know will be taken advantage of if the wrong guys are around. Al Anon says to let them feel the consequences of their actions but having the wife be the problem presents so many additional problems as far as keeping her safe. What do I do???? Do try to get her to tell me where she is? Do make her deal with things? This is a horrible situation.	Additional Details I do have one of those "lost phone" apps on her phone that she doesnt know about. It is not very accurate (about 3 miles in radius of where she is) and locks up a lot. This is usually how i track her down, albeit it takes a while. TTGirl, I can tell you have never been in this position. I used to have that same type of romantic mindset about marriage.	
Neurological problems maybe from past drug and alcohol abuse		I am 23 and have had a past of drug use and hard alcohol abuse since age 14. Drugs including , marijuana , ecstasy , oxycodone , ketamine , and mushrooms twice and 2CB once. I was wondering if anything i have done could be causing me neurological problems? My vision goes blurry often , my heart starts racing , and my eyes go completly black and my head hurts and i get extremly dizzy to the point of dropping to my knees or holding onto a wall. I have also noticed that i have been forgetting things alot more , to where i have to go back and retrace my steps to remember ,this is happening like 3-4 times a day. I have been sober from drugs for about 8 months and i still drink hard liquor every now and then. Just wondering what could be causing all of these symptoms.		
Should the price of alcohol increase only to people who abuse it		Do you think increasing the price of alcohol to only people who abuse it would deter/prevent further alcohol-related incidents? I think businesses that sell alcohol should scan a state I.D. to determine the price. People may think twice about drinking excessively if some kind of system was in place. Would that be unfair? In my opinion no because people who abuse their rights should suffer more than just fines and criminal charges. Would this law violate any part of the Bill of Rights or restrict freedom in anyway? Id like to hear your opinion. Thanks - Anthro/Criminal Student		
Whys it "okay" to have a drug or alcohol problem but as soon as you have an Eating Disorder or cut...		People tell you to just stop begging for attention. It seems that in our society, if someone comes out as an alcoholist, no one thinks theyre after attention but once you come out as a self-harmer people ignore you and think youre just after attention? Its pretty f**cked up.		
How do you differentiate someone drinking socially and one who is abusing alcohol		My dad has started drinking. Now I understand that, its fine to drink, but as long as it is within limits. But I dont know where the line is drawn. What defines the limits? Is getting totally drunk considered over limits? On average, my dad gets drunk once/twice a week. Is that normal? I dont like it when he is drunk, because I just dislikes his behavior when he is drunk. The rest of my family feels the same way as me. Sometimes, tension arises because of his drinking. If its an issue, can someone tell me how do I get him to stop drinking or at least, drink lesser than to the extent of getting drunk? However, if its not an issue, how do I deal with it or accept it / and get the rest of my family to accept it too? I tried telling my dad the side effects of excessive drinking but he refuses to listen and continues to drink. How can I get my dad to talk to me if hes facing issues, or tell me the reason for getting drunk most of the time? I also asked my dad whether is he facing a lot of issues and he can talk about it. But my dad doesnt say anything to me or anyone in my family. FYI: My parents arent close to each other, they hardly speak more than 10 sentences to each other, most of the time when they do communicate, they build up tension easily. And I like to keep this issue to my family on its own. So treatment isnt really top of the solution list.		
My mom is addicted to Alcohol, Marijuana, and Cigarettes, what should i do to get her to quit		Shes been addicted for several years and i just want her to stop.		
How does alcohol abuse lead to these things		how does alcohol abuse lead to: 1) Gastritis 2) Inflammation of the pancreas 3) Brain damage ??		
Alcohol and why it makes you so happy		need info on alcohol and its effects... whether physical effects or psychological effects either would be helpful... esp. its effects on outward actions and the happy mood it puts you in		
Alcohol with psychosis		I drink alcohol on an often basis and I have been suffering from psychosis for the last 2 years or so and am just wondering what are the side effects of drinking whilst you have psychosis??		
What are some anti-alcohol songs		what are some anti-alcohol songs songs that take a stance against alcohol and alcohol abuse as for the genre i prefer, rock, rap, metal, alternative or any of the crossover genres that consist of those genre		
I dont understand, how can someone become a counselor for drugs or alcohol if they have never had a problem		I just dont see how someone can be a counselor for people with an addiction or a problem just by reading books in college. I mean they have no experience they only know what they read. Thats like spitting in the wind so to say. If i was addicted to drugs or alcohol i sure as hell would not want to talk to someone who has not been in my shoes. I dont get along with my counselor for anger and depression at all. My counselor was raised in the suburbs and her parents treated her like a princess. And yet she thinks she knows the answers to all my problems? When i was growing up my dad beat me and verbally abused me and he would make me sleep on the floor sometimes cuz he said i didntdeserve a bed after i did nothing wrong? Which most of the time he was drunk. And he would bring me to bars with him when i was like 6-9 and he would make me sit in the corner while he would get drunk and this really got to me after awhile. And i wont associate with anyone who drinks to this day. But i just dont see how you could council people if you have never been in there shoes, in a similar situation. My counsilor gets mad at me sometime cuz she pushes my buttons so to speak and ill get so angry but its like she doesnt understand that i am angry about how ive been treated in the past. You cant help someone if you havent been in there shoes. Not me anyways.	Additional Details Thats true but obviously the "correct treatment procedure" is not to correct cuz this is my third counselor and none of them seem to help. Ive just learned to live with my problems even though it might kill me one day. The "correct treatment procedure" does not work.	
Undergoing alcohol testing to the liver		To cut a long story short. my mother as taken me to court for her to see my kids. My Mother and her recent husband are drunks well they drink at least 3 to 4 days a week. on a friday they go out from the morning and drink right through to the night and then carry on the next day up till sunday, and they do drink in the week, my mother doesnt no the meaning of a quiet drink, she drinks like a man ,12 pints and more, and then acts like a complete idiot. Anyway the courts have ordered her to under go alcohol testing. But my worry is, if she doesnt drink for a week now, will her testing come back ok?		
Alcohol abuse an commercials		Can you help me by starting a intro for alcohol . Its Tellin me if it should be banned from commercials can you help me by writing a good topic sentence?		
I am an alcoholic who is currently in a rehab facility, I have been sober for 6 days now		I love listening to music but I have found since being sober that a lot of the songs trigger me to drink. So I guess the really question Im asking is does anyone know any songs that motivate alcoholics to stop drinking? Thoughts?		
Question for alcoholics or former alcoholics how did you start becoming an alcoholic		im just wondering because i drink alcohol a lot.... like my mind for some reason thinks its best to get intoxicated on some level EVERY NIGHT. like if i have weed i dont drink nearly as much because i have a way to get intoxicated without drinking. but if i dont have weed or any other kind of drug i always end up buying alcohol... because its the only thing that is legal. but what bothers me is that in the past i have had like 12$... and i needed that money for gas for work. and i sit there thinking of ways i can get messed up and i know i can borrow money and pay it back in a couple days but i dont want to and i decide to stay sober for the night... then like a half hour later im sitting there with a 12 pack of beer and 1$ in my wallet. its like i have blacked out and spent my money on alcohol. like when i look at my wallet i just am disappointed and i dont know what happened. i dunno... its just if i have money to buy drugs or alcohol I AM GOING TO. im addicted mentally to getting intoxicated... not physically. like a month ago i had no money at all and i had to stay sober for a week and i did it without a single problem. i barely even thought about it. its like I CAN but if i have money i wont.		
Former drug or alcohol addicts: has this ever happened to you		i was working one day and overheard someone talking about being an alcoholic say "i woke up one day and didnt want it anymore. and i quit... just like that... been two years sober".		
I am 3 months pregnant, and my the father is an alcoholic drug addict		I am twenty two years old, three months pregnant with my first baby. I have been with my boyfriend for three years, whom I love so much. Ever since i have known him he has had a drug and alcohol problem. He got into alot of trouble not too long ago which put him in check. He was on house arrest for two months, and we attended AA meetings together and church every sunday. I have never really had an alchohol problem, and def never ever a drug problem. I found out I was pregnant and we were really happy. He promised me he was gonna get clean and not go to the bars everynight and stay sober for are baby. He promised me we would get married aswell. I was ecstatic!!:) It was going really good. He recently went back to jail for a month and when he got out he wasnt on house arrest anymore. 4 days of being out he was at a bar. Then the other night he came home wasted and mean. He gets very abusive when he is drunk. His drug of choice is cocaine and he was blowing his nose all night. He doesnt just do a little coke here and there. Im talking about alot. He blames me for it all. He sjays im a ***** and im mean because I control him. When in reality I just want him to be a good partner, and father. He says evil things to me because he is "free". I am a full time student I have my own car, place, money etc. I am considering cutting ties with him and raising are child alone. But I now what it is like to have an absent father, and it hurts. I want to help him but he is out of control. There is so many other things but i dont want to go into too much detail. He gave me soo many empty promises I feel betrayed, and you cant change anyone. I wish I could change him. Im not a selfish person I thought he wanted this as much as I do. I need some advice. I want to be a good mom and not put my child through hell, but I just love him so much and I want to help him. Advice please		
I think Josh Hamiltons alcohol relapse is very troubling for the Texas Rangers, in that hes in his final		year of his contract and hes going to want a huge 100 million + type deal. Personally, I wouldnt do it if I were the Rangers management. Hes a powder keg, ready to explode at any minute. Hes a SEVERE addict, drug and alcohol. The risks are too high to sign such a personality type. Perhaps give him year to year contracts, but no multi-year deals. What do you think?		
WHY is cannabis illegal and alcohol not		I dont understand it, alcohol abuse can cause violence, bad decisions, leave you with regret in the morning and can damage relationships, if everyone in the country was just smoking cannabis there would be none of this, whats your view? PS I do not smoke it but have just always wondered why		
Sugar is more dangerous than alcohol, cigarettes, and marijuana. What do you think		I say its true. Heart disease, strokes, diabetes, kidney disease, all these are some of the top causes of death in america, and they can all be linked to sugar. Not to mention that sugar is very addicting, can you imagine going for a whole month without sugar? Youll go insane. At the end, everybody is responsible for their own well being but you cant deny how this legal "safe" substance is killing people.		
What is the appeal in drinking an excessive amount of alcohol!				
Sip of alcohol a day		What are the pros and cons or having a sip of alcohol (scotch) a day. Ive been trying to find faqs about it but i cant seem to find any. Some people say its good to have alcohol but not too many/abuse it. Some people say its bad and dont even drink it at all. please provide faqs supporting your answer.		
Is it possible for me to be an alcoholic/drug addict		im only 16, is it even possible for me to be an alcoholic/drug addict at my age. i used to drink 2-3 times a weekend and a few days a week during school, i also used to smoke marajuana at least twice a week during and after school then atleast 3-5 times on the weekend in excessive quantities, i also used to abuse perscription and otc pills that werent mine once every week or two. im clean now but i find myself struggling to stay clean constantly and always thinking about doing things like drinking and drugs. is it possible that i could be like a recovered alcoholic/drug addict?		
Treatment for jaundice caused by alcohol abuse 				
Length alcohol and k2 stay in system		im on probation and just found out i have to go to substance abuse classes for minor in consumption. Not proud to say it but ive been smoking k2 about once a week and was told they would be sending my screens to a lab for testing, and i was told alcohol will show up even 80hrs after ur last drink...true? and if ur gonna say k2 is legal or wont show up, well it does. ive seen multiple people drop dirty on k2.	Additional Details THEY DO TEST FOR IT JACKOFF. did u not read all of it? in my state "indiana" its a controlled substance which means....you got, its illegal. and it will show up. im clearly not asking if it will or wont im asking HOW LONG????	
My moms turning into an alcoholic		My mom was doing so good for a while, she had stopped smoking pot and hadnt had a drink in over 2 months.. Then she started hanging out with these people who are clearly a bad example. She began drinking and smoking pot every day to every couple days.. I dont know what to so because she keeps having these partys on the week days when i have to get up in the morning. I have asked her not to om the weekdays at least and she doesnt seem to care. Help!!!!! Please.. ),:		
Could this be alcohol withdrawal		My stomach is upset, its been upset for days now Im nauseous right now and theres just too much going on in my life right now. My mother is nasty to me and everyone else, I really fell for this cute girl in my college class but I might have blew it because lately Ive been so stressed that I sometimes look stupid when we talk, cause I zone out since theres something on my mind every waking minute of my life. Meanwhile my father died last january and I still miss him terribly and it makes me lonely cause he was a good guy. And now for the icing on the cake: 3 days ago I decided to stop drinking for a long time, and boy was I addicted, over the summer I drank too much to count, including finishing off a whole bottle of wine in one night, I drank hard liquor, 4 lokos, anything with alcohol. Once my father died last year I flew off the handle and became an alcohol abuser, in the last 14 months I havent been able to last more than 15 days at a time without drinking. I plan to start now, but its like I get so stressed over the littlest things. And I REALLY like this girl and she seems to like me but sometimes I look like a complete idiot when we talk, but I balance it out by making her laugh. So could this just be my life stressing me out or is the coming down from a lot of drinking making my heart race, chest hurt, and stomach hurt? Also just on the side: if I explained to this girl in private that Im going through a lot and that I have a lot on my mind and that sometimes I might not focus in a conversation, but also say dont worry its not your problem Im just making sure youre not taking it personally, would she lose attraction to me? I just dont wanna blow it with her because of my troubles. And quitting drinking is hard with stress but Im DOING IT, thats a promise		
Isnt addiction to the internet better than being addicted to drugs, alcohol or smoking 		Addiction in any form is not so good, but being addicted to the net is at least better than addiction to the other three vices as stated above, I think.		
Is it possible ive developed a tollerance to weed and alcohol..		I have been smoking pot and drinking since i was 13. Never have i been an alcoholic. lately for some reason i cant get high off pot anymore.. no matter what kind or grade it is.. not possible.. i can get a good high only when i wake up in the morning and thats it! i find myself sitting there smoking blunts after bowls and joints after bongs and i wont get high.. same with alcohol accept i dont keep drinking when i dont feel anything, that would not be good, this is so very strange considering my tolerance has been fair. (one bowl would set me right).. i would like some answers..	Additional Details im not an alcoholic if one drink or 2 shots does me right. my point is ive always had such a low tolerance and just recently like within 3 months its dramtically changed.. why is this.. basically i SHOULD NOT have the tolerance level that i do have.. not even possible	
Getting out of a relationship with an alcoholic/addict		How do I do this? My fiance is and alcoholic/addict and his abuse has landed him in the hospital with blood on the brain. He is in ICU now and I am done with this lying crap. I know I need to get out but what steps do I need to take to make it the least hardest on me and my kids? IF YOU CANT SAY ANYTHING NICE---- THEN KEEP YOUR COMMENTS TO YOURSELF. I WILL REPORT ANY UGLY COMMENTS.		
Alcoholism and relapse		I had made the decision to become sober, as alcohol has been a problem for me. I was over one month sober and recently had a night of binge drinking, or what some may call a relapse. Since that night, I have not touched a drink, however I feel an extreme sense of failure and embarrasment because of it. I was just wondering if any body else has dealt with addiction recovery and relapse, and perhaps you could tell me how you moved past it.	Additional Details Its not a matter of finding a hobby, there are plenty of things that I enjoy to do and take part in on a regular basis. Its a matter of overcoming an addiction.	
What makes alcohol and drugs addictive to some and not to others		What are the factors here? Is age on of them? I notice that most of my friends that started at an early age are the most addicted to substances. Im 19 and I started drinking around 17 and smoked weed a couple times just for company but Im not attached to any of those things. I dont hang out with those people anymore so be it I dont need it anymore, but a couple of my friends cant go without those things... Why? I drink here and there occasionally but know people that cant go a day without alcohol. Whats going on here?	Additional Details Mitchell and the worst thing is they always pressure you into those things. Its like really now?	
How to stop a person from alcohol addiction		My uncle hasbeen addicted to alcohol since about 10 years, he takes everyday, we are worried a lot about him, please help, how we can stop/reduce him from taking alcohol, without any side effects.		
Would a recovering alcoholic be welcome at 		I go to  for my own reasons. My girlfriend is a recovering alcoholic who was attending AA. But she said that all they did there was ***** about not being able to drink. And she stopped going because she was craving beer because if all of their talk about it. But my  meeting is really good and they focus on addiction and recovery itself and I think it may help her more. It is a closed meeting, but she also used to have a coke problem that she quit. So would it be okay if she comes with me?		
Potentially an alcoholic		I used to drink to the point i would black out before i realized i needed to stop. I rarely drink now but when i do i have an urge almost to keep drinking, its almost like a voice telling me to have one more. Now i come from a family with alcohol abuse in men does this mean i was almost an alcoholic and im still getting "party mode" urges?		
18 weeks pregnant, Boyfriends an alcoholic. Help!		Im 24, my Boyfriends 30 (but still wants to act like hes 21), and im 18 weeks pregnant. My BF lives at home, no vehicle, barely a part-time job, yet wants to go out, drink and party almost on a daily basis. Not only is that an issue in itself esp. with a baby on the way, but when he drinks, he doesnt know when to stop and cant control himself. Just about every time he has any amount of alcohol in him, he gets verbally abusive, and even to the point of physical abuse (more than once). I do love him, but hes obviously not willing to change, and tells me I shouldnt try to change him. And its not that im trying to change him, but just want him to see where his priorities should be if not for me, then for himself and our baby. This is the main issue in our relationship, but its a constant occurence. This has been such a stressful and unhappy pregnancy, at times I cant eat, cant sleep, and already been to the emergency room with pains, which I think are due to the high-stress factors. I just dont know what to do anymore, I really want it to work between us and for our family, but I dont think it ever will if it remains the way it is. :( Some advice would be nice....	Additional Details Ive suggested counseling, even for both of us, but he doesnt think he has a problem. And im not telling him to get another or better job, I make enough money to support myself and my kids on my own. But yes, I do tell him his drinking is an issue and should cut back/stop, he already has a DUI on his record, and clearly his drinking is the main problem in our relationship. Through our unstability recently, he spoke to a lawyer in his family and now keeps threatening to take me to court. He says he doesnt want my family ever around the baby and wants to fight for custody. I dont know why this intimidates me, but it does have me scared, maybe because he beat me to getting a lawyer, but the thought of even the possibility of losing my children is terrifying. Would he stand a chance against me in court?	
Drug and alcohol addiction advice		I am a addict. I have to get a job but I have a problem with saying no to friends. The place I might end up working has a steady flow of druggie friends of mine. I really dont have much of a choice in jobs because I dont have a car. So the whole point of this is how can I be sober with a steady flow of "friends" around me? I have full intentions of saying no but when the time actually arises its really hard. Please dont say go to aa or na. I ******* hate those places.		
What happens if you mix tramadol and alcohol		every weekend i usually take some tramadol, 3 pills every time kinda thing, (3 50mg pills) but tonight I had some friends around before and we had some drinks, nothing much.. only 5% drinks. I think I must have had around 4 cups of the drinks. The cups were normal size. I dont really ever drink and when i do, i dont get drunk. but i was wondering, would it be dangerous in any way to have the tramadol after the drinks? (i dont feel anything off the drinks) thanks		
Binge drinker or alcoholic		someone who drinks two 500 ml 10% beers every night before bed would that be considered alcoholic or perpetual binge drinker		
What connection "Boredom & cigarette/dope/alcohol"		Does boredom have any connection with consuming dope/alcohol/cigarettes? Please explain frankly yes/no?how?why?personally or by observing others, in short or long, your choice please.		
I need some advise about dealing with someone with alcohol abuse. can you help		My brother has been struggling with alcohol for many years. Its getting to a critical stage now and after trying all sorts, tough love, talking to him, cold hard facts all sorts I am now at the stage where i am getting very angry. If anyone has dealt with this and are willing to talk to me can you please message me. I dont know what to do now. thanks for taking the time to read.		
Alcohol cure sought after		one of my close relative is alcoholic. he is 40 years old having three children eldest daughter studying in 10 class.his son is just 5 years old. he is into business but is alcoholic and stays drunk most of the day. last 3-4 years the problem has multiplied. he picks fight to any level and is ready to beat his father, mother and elder brother, using abusive language, shouting and dictatorial. economically and socially family is normal. physically he did get operated for gall bladder stone a year ago. in our society drinking alcohol is not normal. future looks bleak and we may even loose the person. can he be cured. what can be done. where to look for help. is rehab costly. what is the past record. how to help him. please answer. we are based in jaipur rajasthan		
Im 15 and Im an addict to drugs, alcohol,and sex!			I need help. I go to church, but i dont pay attention. I have been doing this stuff since I was 10. I dont want to call myself an addict but, when you cant go 30 minutes with smoking a blunt or drinking some rum, whiskey, or whatever else... Than youre an addict. I need help.	
Would a doctor at a walk-in clinic examine me and prescribe something to ease alcohol withdrawal (long-term)		Alcoholic for 9 years. I think I can quit if I get some anti-anxiety meds or something to ease the first 1-2 weeks of withdrawal symptoms. I want to go right away and get this done, plus the walk-in clinic is much cheaper than my regular GP. Will they help with this?	Additional Details cannot go to detox due to unrelated health problems, unfortunately I was willing but they said they cannot accommodate you are all typical YA answerers who know sh*t about sh*t	
Should congress be tested regularly for drug and alcohol abuse		soldiers, police, truck drivers, pilots and many other forms of employment are tested, why not congress?		
Will this government alcohol legislation make any difference to those who like a drink	euro knight mystery zealot and the rave		i just read in yahoo uk news that the government and cameron are planning to bring in a new law to ban cheap alcohol? im in the north of england , im 34 and enjoy drinking real ale...i buy at the local supermarket...a couple of bottles. i just wondered will this law affect the ordinary average person who enjoys a drink and buying bottles of beer? theyre not gonna ban alcohol all together because of some hooligans that abuse drink?	
Are there any free alcohol and drug rehabs for teens in New Jersey				
My dad is an alcoholic- Help Needed		My dad is an alcoholic, and me and my sisters dont know where to go/what to do anymore. Im 21 now and this has been going on for years. Ever since I can remember my parents were fighting, first it was verbal and then it turned physical. When I was in middle school it became a lot more serious, my mom would accuse my dad of doing drugs (cocaine) and cheating on her when he would come home late. My mom was diagnosed with postpartum depression after she had my little sister who is now 11. My dad would use that against her and scream at her and call her bipolar and hurt her physically when she would scream back about his drug use. When the fighting turned physical, my older sister started getting involved and would fight with my dad physically too. My mom turned to drinking, I would come home from school and she would be passed out on the couch with a bottle of vodka next to her. My mom started getting physical as well and when we were home alone one time she dragged me across the house by my hair, i screamed so loud that the police came and i lied to them and said nothing had happened, while she then said that i abused her which landed me in a juvenile center for the night until my grandmother could pick me.Soon enough my parents got divorced, which was messy and horrible, both of them would talk to us when the other wasnt around and say how awful the other person was. Eventually my mom moved out and into a one bedroom motel room and we saw her every few weeks in the beginning, but now we see next to nothing of her. My mom turned to alcohol and was eventually hospitalized for her problem after seizing due to alcohol withdrawal. I saw her a few weeks ago and she said that she has been clean and sober since the hospital, and I actually believe it. But the problem with my dad still lingers. When my mom left he turned heavily to alcohol. Soon enough my dad lost his job, which he blamed on his boss being an asshole, and blamed it on my mom too. But we eventually found out it was because of his excessive alcoholism (oversleeping/not going to work) and his drug problem which he tried to hide from us. Once he lost his job he started hanging out with this man that my mom always hated, she always told his that he was "daddys drug provider." My dad then met his "girlfriend" who into the house, who was 22 and a heroin addict which we found out after she left syringes and spoons around (my older sister explained this to us). We begged and pleaded with my dad to get rid of her but he refused, and just yelled at us and said the nastiest things, to him the most demeaning insult was "youre just like your mother." He let his gf drive his car and spend his money, and she eventually totaled his car and wrote checks to herself while forging his signature- but he didnt care. Eventually my dad got pulled over with his gf in the car and he was cited for a DUI and the cops found heroin on his gf. Turns out there was already a warrant out for her arrest and she was taken away and is still serving her sentence. Since then my dad hasnt gotten a job, and blames it on his old boss, my mom, and the economy. A year ago I got into a near fatal car accident because of a mechanical failure with one of the two cars we had left, and the insurance wouldnt pay for a replacement. Rather than feeling bad that i fractured my skull in 3 places and i now have a scar across my face, he chose to yell at me and say "You didnt even apologize for ruining the car," something that i could have never helped. My little sister moved out into her friends house because of his antics after they got in a physical fight that left them both bruised and bleeding. Because my dad drained his bank account on his gf and their addictions, we were kicked out of our house (ordered by the court b/c my dad wasnt paying his alimony) and put into public housing. We went from a 5 bedroom big house, to a one floor, 3 small bedroom apt. My older sister stays with her girlfriend and we rarely see her. I am now home from college b/c i couldnt afford the last semester tuition, and living at the apt with my dad and my 11 year old sister. He gets unemployment money from the govt and spends 80% of it on alcohol, which he gets by riding his bike to the store with a backpack because the last car we had died and he couldnt afford the repairs. He was also diagnosed with Hep C. He drinks heavily every night that he can until he runs out of money. I got a job at a pharmacy in town to try to save money for a car and for school. Its out of hand, he yells and screams at me whenever he drinks and blames me for his whole family hating him. Whenever I try to tell him hes an alcoholic/he has a problem he just screams back at me and says im dumb b/c i couldnt even finish college and he calls me a whore and anything insulting he can think of. I dont know what to do, I cry myself to	Additional Details I cry myself to sleep every night and usually i cry randomly throughout the day when I feel stressed or something. I dont have any type of insurance, or money, or any car so I cant go to therapy or anything like that. I dont want to pity myself but its so hard to deal with this daily. My little sister even had a suicide attempt last March b/c of all the stress which is what lead her to moving out. We have tried to sit him down soberly and talk to him, but hes in complete denial and just gets angry and yells at us and he doesnt want to hear what we have to say. Sometimes he says he will change, but once the money from the govt comes in once a month, he hops on his bike and rides to the liquor store and the next thing we know he is hammered and taking his anger out on us. All of my friends have fully functional families and caring parents, and I dont even have one. I know other people in the world go through this too but it doesnt help to know that	
What worse smoking weed or drinking alcohol				
When someone becomes addicted to drugs or alcohol do you think it is the persons fault or		the person who introduced it to them if that was the case.		
Is there any alcohol that is made without the use of plants		Im making a short film about a guy who cares a lot about plant rights (kind of like an animals rights thing) and I want him to have some kind of substance abuse but I cant have him smoking because tobacco is a plant, as well as marijuana is a plant, and I am finding most alcohol is fermented something or other. Is there such a drink that doesnt use plants (or animals) in their making? Weird question, I know.	Additional Details I guess it should be mentioned that the film isnt about whether its possible to survive without eating any plants or animals, its more about the funny concept of plant rights.	
Does it sound like Im going to be an alcoholic		My grandfather was a really bad one and people would find him on the street passed out. He passed away from liver disease or something for drinking so much. My mom drinks everyday (she doesnt really get drunk) but sometimes when she does shes unbearable with her tantrums. When Im really upset I always like to drink something because I feel like it takes my mind off it. Before I turned 21, I used to drink Nyquil to get drunk and have been drinking that since I was about 12. The last time I drank Nyquil I did almost the whole bottle and woke up puking and shaking n everything so I havent drank that since. I did it because it was my birthday and my mom and I got in a really bad argument. Im 21 now so I buy those little vodka bottles that are about 1 shot. I got upset with my mom again today so I had a couple but then I had a doctors appointment so I kinda showed up to the office a little drunk but they didnt notice. I dont think Ill be as bad at my grandfather was though but does it sound like Im startign to become one? love, momo	Additional Details I know this isnt an etiquette question but I always get good advice from here	
Does drinking alone, make you an alcoholic		Ive been 21 for 9 months now, and all but 1 of my guy friends dont like getting drunk like ever. So alot of the nights like tonight, Ill just chill out with a 6 pack and drink it by myself, i would love nothing more than to just grab a 12 pack with a friend and stay in and play some xbox or something but i just dont have friends like that. is there anything wrong with this?		
Am I alcohol-addicted		Usually I drink alcoholics when I hang out, on Saturdays mostly. The thing is that theres a bar near the gym I go to, so I was thinking, why not grab a beer before going. Ive done it almost every day, and lately I feel the "need" to grab a beer more and more. Should I be worried?		
Would it be a good idea to use celebrities as an example to our kids about the dangers of alcohol and drug		and drug use and what happens if you use these? Should we have public service announcements with names of celebrities that have either died or are now in trouble because of abuse by drugs and alcohol? To name a few off the top of my head, we have Richie Havens, Janis Joplin, Elvis, Michael Jackson, and now Whitney Houston. Also it seems Randy Travis is in trouble because of alcohol. What do you think? Would this be a good idea?		
Is OReilly correct in saying that we should have public service announcements concerning drug & alcohol abuse		by celebrities so that our kids know what happens when you abuse alcohol or use drugs? We all know that the media did indeed talk a lot about Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson alcohol and/or drug abuse. That much is true. But should we show kids this is what happens when you use or abuse alcohol or drugs? Should we name names like Tupac, Elvis, Jackson, etc. If so should these public service announcements b shown over and over again and in schools too? It seems that the media and Hollywood often glamorize the use of drugs and alcohol. Just say no is not enough. What do you think? BTW, you can hate OReilly as much as you want, but on this I think he is 100% correct.	Additional Details I think they should have these ads for kids as young as 8 on up and gear them towards kids and teens.	
Is there a demand for alcohol and substance abuse counselors currently			I know the pay is low at the entry level (like 30K) but at least you can survive. I am a male and am looking for a stepping stone to law school but I need to be able to save a bit for tuition.	
What connection "Ecstasy feel & cigarette/dope/alcohol"		Does "ecstasy feel" have any connection with consuming dope/alcohol/cigarettes? Please explain frankly yes/no?how?why?personally or by observing others, in short or long, your choice please.		
What are factors that influence teenage alcohol abuse		I am doing a LO project for school, and I need some help on the factors that make teenagers drink. Even just once. I need 5PERSOL FACTORS and 5 SOCIAL FACTORS, but I am struggeling to distinguish between them! Any help, please?!?!?!		
What are the effects of alcohol abuse to the community				
How do people get addicted to alcohol		i drink sometimes, only when im around my friends and its available and when i do drink its the tiniest bit, because alcohol doesnt taste good at all. i dont understand how people can say "vodka is their fav drink" even drinks that have flavors to them like alize i still find it gross because it has that "alcohol" taste. so can someone elaborate how people get addicted to liquor despite the horrible taste? or is it just me?		
Are some of us prone to drug addiction and alcohol dependence		Ill be 45 next sunday and I can still remember sitting at the dining table at home when I was a child and I became aware that my hands were always trembling...and so I drew it to my familys attention by holding up my hands and saying...look! my hands are always trembling!!! and I dont know why? I remember my second eldest sister looking at me and basically mocked me saying I was just being silly...well as I grew older the trembling turned into panic attacks and soon I found myself afraid to go out...at that time I didnt know there is such an illness called agoraphobia. anyway the problem got worse and in my mid teens I turned to drugs and alcohol...and soon I developed a habit and had to have a drink just to summon up the courage to walk into a barber shop to get my hair cut. years ago I read in the auto bio of debbie reynolds that the famous actress elizabeth taylor suffered with a fear of people and would have intense panic attacks when friends would visit...I am very familiar with that...and still suffer from them although I no longer use drugs or drink alcohol to calm my nerves...I dont know why I am like this? or why liz taylor was the same? but I have noticed the pattern of character and behavior that seems to lead to drug and alcohol dependence. I believe Liz taylor was very shy and that almost certainly lead to her using alcohol to give her confidence...I did exactly the same...and yet other people are born and somehow manage to avoid drug and alcohol dependence. can anyone help me understand why that is? Thanks.	Additional Details Jono Thanks Man...That Is a really insightful and helpful answer...I think I definatly have a tendency towards dependency on things...although its not that I cannot physically do something...no...its because I feel afraid to try...its like Im so used to hiding away in my own little world and rarely step out of it...and when I do I feel uncomfortable and afraid although I have no valid reason to feel afraid...Its a terrible way to live...Thanks again Jono... D.D. Thank you that is a really helpful answer!!!	
Why do people drink alcohol if alcohol makes them angry and sad		Why would people put alcohol in their bodies if it doesnt make them feel good and it makes them angry and sad? I know some people drink because it makes them happy but if it makes some people angry or sad, whats the point? Why would people want to feel worse?		
Depression and alcoholism		I havent been to see a doctor in about 12 years since I left the service (U.S. Navy) except one time when I needed stitches, and that ended up costing about $2000. I know absolutely nothing about receiving care other than what I hear through media and hearsay. Ive been unemployed for a few months now, and Ive been abusing alcohol and find myself horribly depressed and feeling helpless and worthless. How do I go about getting help? Are we talking $100 or a few thousand for proper treatment? Should I just give up? Do I go to the emergency room, or a walk-in clinic, or do I need to see some kind of psychiatrist? Thanks, all. Best.		
My dad gave my 13 year old brother alcohol		im not really close to my dad but my bro is, i heard they sharedd a bottle of wine. is that bad?		
Do I have an addictive personality that could lead to drug abuse or alcoholism		I think I have an addictive personality because I always seem to get obsessive over stuff. For example, if I try a new food and it tastes good, I will eat that food for weeks or months until I get sick of it. I love beef jerky so I will spend thousands on it every single year! I can finish the whole bag or case in a single day! My current addiction is going to Vegas to gamble. I sometimes go like 5 times a week and its not nearby as its like 5 hours drive from here! I often would go after work or even lie and say I have a doctors appointment and go. And if I lose a lot of money, I feel suicidal and think about jumping off the hotel. Luckily, Ive won a lot of money lately. So do you think I have an additive personality that may require treatment of some kind? I purposefully stay away from drugs, cigarettes, alcohol and even coffee because I am afraid I will get hooked for good.		
What are the signs of alcoholism 				
Why are alcohol classes and detox centers so expensive		Seems like a monopoly of "health services" by the government. An alcohol class can cost around $200 and a night at a detox center is $495. A detox center is usually just a terrible hotel like place with no actual medical help. What are the cost paying for with these services?		
Weed and alcohol.17 years old		Hey,all.Hope someone can gimme some suggestion. So im 17 years old high school student.Never have I drank nor have I smoked weed until recently. Last week I went to this party,got really drunk,it was really good,made out with 2 different girls.So after that,everyone was like youre cool and all lets have a drink again on monday.I had a drink(bottle of wine),and then I smoked marihuana with them. So maybe Im overreacting but I really dont want to become addicted to any kind of drug.I most certainly not going any further with more serious drugs but Im worried? ): however,I dont think Im going to stop drinking alcohol,at least once a week I want to have a good time,because basically,for the past 17 years,my life was so boring,all I did was sit home on a friday night and play xbox.Now Im living and I have a girlfriend.		
Can I take a normal dose of Nyquil if Ive had alcohol earlier in the night		Im super sick with a headache and a sinus cold which all started yesterday after I accidentally smacked myself in the face with my car door. Hard. Im wondering if I have a concussion... but thats unrelated to my question. Anyway, I drank and two or three shots of rum earlier hoping it would put me to sleep. Yet, here I lie in agony, unable to fall asleep at 3 am. Is it okay for me to take a normal dose of Nyquil to go to sleep even though I had a few shots of rum a few hours ago?		
Question to alcoholic/drug addicts...		I am a recovering drug addict. My drug of choice is Meth. I recently graduated from a 6 month inpatient rehab. I was taught there that even though alcohol is not my drug of choice, it is still considered a relapse if i drink alcohol. My question is...Do you think it is possible to just drink and never go back to drugs?? I started doing Meth when i was 16 years old. i did it everyday until i was 19. at 19 until 24 i stayed away from meth because i am a crazy non functioning human being on it, but contiued to drink...5 years later i went back to it. Do you think it is possible for me to drink this time around and not end up back on meth, years down the road?? I really believe i am done with it...i really hate my life and everything i do and say to people when i am high...but i am still having a huge problem with staying away from alcohol...i believe by drinking casually, it helps me with my cravings for Meth...what do u think?		
Does drinking alcohol regularly to relax cause MORE "Social anxiety" after than if didnt drink it at all				Additional Details after sober up the next day...does one feel MORE socially anxious ,,,than if didnt drink alchohol the night before? why is this? what happens to the brain, nerves etc? IS THIS INDEED WHY MANY OR MOST DRINK ALCHOL AND SMOKE TOO? (TO RELAX FROM SOCIAL ANXIETY) WHY SUCH A PROBLEM? WHAT ARE AFRAID OF AND WHY? HOW COMMON?
Brain shrinkage and alcohol abuse, leading to schizophrenia Your thoughts				
How many years was it that Jon Bon Jovi was addicted to drugs and/or alcohol		I say it was 20 years ago, my friend insists it was before the "Bon Jovi" heyday. I saw him some years back in a television interview blaming his record producer for getting him hooked on drugs. Also, why does the media bury this story but demonize the EXTRAORDIRY talents like the great Whitney Houston<SEMCOL> Diana Ross, Steven Tyler, Liza Minelli for their drug or alcohol problems. Every time they are caught with drugs or alcohol, it it is front page news in all the tabloids. The media tore into Michael Jackson for his prescription drug addictions, and even for lesser celebrities like Art Garfunkel or Bon Jovis own bandmate Richie Sambora, their drug use and personal problems are common knowledge. Why is the media so bent on portraying Jon Bon Jovi as a squeeky clean, reputable person?	Additional Details No one gave back more than Michael Jackson, and Whitney Houston Helped many people with her charities as well. Bon Jovi Fan... Its ok, you can still like Jon Bon Jovi, even if he was once addicted to drugs. But the fact is I heard him say it in HIS OWN WORDS, in a TV interview about 10 years ago. I dont what it is with Jon Bon Jovi fans, people only want to crucify Richie Sambora for his addictions, but they deny Bon Jovis personal problems. Kind of like the Frank Sinatra fans who deny Franks Mafia ties, or that Franks mother ran an abortion ring (both documented facts).	
For those who have lived with domestic violence and alcohol abuse within the family, do you drink			I do not drink as I have seen violence and abuse of alcohol and drugs.	
Diazepam, when coming off alcohol!		Medical expertise only please, I have a fair but of medical knowledge myself but just want some more. I have basically had a 2 month alcohol binge, lots of holidays and partys then more social events its been manic. Lots of alcohol! However now its all calmed down im fully Expecting some form of withdrawal here! So any advice on using low dose of diazepam for a few days/week? To aid this ? Im aware long term use of benzodiazepine is very bad but Im not heading for that trap! Regards		
Tell me, am I an alcoholic		Okay just to get this straight, Im 19, at university and due to going out to clubs and such Ive acquired a taste to alcohol. Only I dont think its just the taste that I like, I think I may be addicted. I do consume quite a lot, often when I go out I have to spend loads of money just to get me tipsy where my friends are on the floor or in the back of an ambulance. Im not proud of it, just to get this straight. I often just go out and buy a 3L bottle of cider, like I did this morning at 12:00, its now 3:15 and Ive drank it all, just because I like the taste of cider. I reckon Im drinking around once every 2/3 days, but I think that if I wanted to stop, I could (which presumably is what every alcoholic would say). Thing is I end up spending a lot of money, which is fine because living at home at uni I literally have heaps of the crap, but it could be spent on something else or saved. I know everyone does it in their first year of uni, its just that I think Im taking it a step further. And the fact that I cant get drunk as easily is worrying. On my birthday I had 6 bottles of budweiser, 4 pints of carling, 4 jagerbombs, 2 shots of whiskey and a sour apple shot and I ended my night tipsy. Thats not normal surely. Do you reckon I should just stop drinking completely for a few months? Or enjoy nights out since its my first year of uni?	Additional Details Well these answers alone have got me quite worried indeed. I dont really have anything else to get addicted about, other than my work, but Im a freelance graphics designer so Im already addicted to that. You know what, Im going to sit out 2 weeks of NO alcohol what so ever to see if I really am addicted. Its not that I want to get drunk, I just like the taste of cider, and beer, and anything else alcoholic, just the same as me liking orange squash. Just without the health problems. Thanks people. Thanks Charlene for your answer. I shall do it, for 2 months, and if I cant do it then I need help. Hopefully it wont come to that but if it does it does. My father is a drinker, he drinks way more than me, I have no doubt that he is an alcoholic. If what youre saying is true then maybe Ive got it from him, or I just watch him drink and think its fine. He has said a few times to watch it, "or youll turn into me" he says which I dont want to happen. My dad is amazing and Im not saying anything against him, just he drinks alot. Cheers dude.	
Whats causing my constant COLD CHILLS Alcohol Adderall Lupus		My story is long and complicated but Im hoping someone will connect the dots or have an experience close to mine that they can share and shed some answers on... I had gastric bypass 8 years ago. I have had no problems with the surgery and lost all of my excess weight and have kept it off then put some on during pregnancy and then lost again. The only negative side effect I have had from GB is Anemia and not being able to absorb Iron. I recently (about 5 weeks now) became Ill and have had Cold Chills (constant) and Hot flashes (not so often.) I never really drank alcohol up until this September when I started going out 2-3 nights a week and binge drinking (I KNOW BAD!). I also started taking Adderall (60mg-80mg a day) back in June and was sort of abusing them by taking 2 at a time for a burst of energy (often when I went out drinking). I also take Klonopin and WAS on Geodon (stopped a month ago). I was perfectly fine up until 5 weeks ago when these symptoms started... SYMPTOMS AT FIRST: -Could not eat (everything tasted like metal) -Cold Chills (constant, unless I took Adderall OR Drank but only stopped chills temporarily for 2-3 hours then they would come back. 10Xs worst the day after binge drinking) -Diarrhea -Anxiety/Depression/crying constantly for a week straight (thats over now) -Ice cold (to the touch) hands, feet, lips -Diarrhea (off an on) -Wake up 10-20 times a night (even with heavy duty sleeping pills) -When I wake Im usually very sweaty and hot (no fever) OR Im shivering with even worst chills -Metallic taste in mouth -Urine and (I think) my body smells of an almost metallic smell?? (hard to explain) SYMPTOMS NOW: -Constant Cold Chills -Ice cold (to the touch) hands, feet, lips -Diarrhea (off an on) -Wake up 10-20 times a night (even with heavy duty sleeping pills) -When I wake Im usually very sweaty and hot (no fever) OR Im shivering with even worst chills -Metallic taste in mouth -Urine and (I think) my body smells of an almost metallic smell?? (hard to explain) -NO depression or anxiety The Cold Chills are whats really bothering me and I find it hard to not think about anything else but them and WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH ME. I went to TWO psychiatrists and they stated non of the meds Im on (including abusing Adderall) would give me these symptoms. Ive had EVERY test under the sun done with my Primary Care Doctor and the only thing found was Anemia (which I got an immediate blood transfusion and Iron Infusions, both obviously did not help) and my levels are now normal. They found my AnA levels to be off and are looking into Lupus. Im awaiting further testing for Lupus. Has anyone had this happen to them or have any idea what caused all if this (alcohol, meds, gastric bypass... ect.) Thank you for listening to me ramble!	Additional Details FORGOT TO MENTION: -Never experienced any stomach pain what so ever -Stiff neck	
What is the empirical evidence or confirmed proof that marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol		Can anyone show me evidence or proof that alcohol is a safer recreational drug than marijuana. I am asking for proof in the 3 following categories: 1. That marijuana is more addictive than alcohol. 2. That marijuana is more physically harmful than alcohol. 3. That marijuana causes more harmful intoxication effects than alcohol. Also, to be specific when discussing the ways which marijuana is harmful do not cite smoking damages since we all know inhaling smoke can cause lung and oral damage. Let us assume that the method of consumption is a marijuana beverage since alcohol is generally consumed in a beverage form. If none of the above can be answered how does our Federal Government justify outlawing marijuana, while not outlawing alcohol?		
Ban alcohol, Legalize marijuana		Wouldnt this be a sensible thing to do from a public health perspective? Alcohol causes anger, rage, fights, car accidents, domestic violence, child abuse, etc. It is also highly addictive, leading many to financial, emotional and personal ruin... homelessness, etc. Marijuana? Not so much! Makes people laugh, makes them mellow... Not great, but better than alcohol, right?		
Codeine and alcohol question!		I had an operation a month ago and im still getting a bit of pain, so ive been prescibed a medicine called solpadol. which has codeine phosphate in it. it says on the box, hemihydrate 30mg and paracetamol 500mg. I took 2 tablets at about 11am, and i am going to a party tonight. if i dont take anymore today, will i be alright to drink alcohol?		
Have you ever poured alcohol down the sink		I only did it once. I was at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas a couple of years ago... I got up one morning after a huge drinking binge and I had a half can of Fosters beer left. I said to myself "Im sick of drinking", I then poured that half can down the sink !....I havent abused alcohol since then - I ALWAYS finish my drinks.		
Should I leave my drug/alcohol addicted baby daddy		Hes been telling me hell change for the last two years, since I first became pregnant and he still hasnt.. He says change takes time, hes had two years of time! I gave him an ultimatum of quit the drugs and keep the drinking under control or Im leaving.. He says hell stop, I know he doesnt want to though. Is there a chance hell stop? or is he just gonna continue minipulating me and lying to me and potentially having harmful affects on our child in the future? I dont want my child to grow up thinking drinking and drugs is okay.	Additional Details Im scared if I leave him though that I wont get full custody and then I wont be able to monitor what hes doing around my child	
Ex-alcoholic told me its very easy to become alcoholic, is it true i hate all kind of alcoholic		i dont think i will ever become alcoholic, i drink one, im drunk. why do people say that its very easy? plus beer tastes so gross.	Additional Details i see, i dont have the problems in my life to forget or ignore, maybe thats why i dont like to drink? i can only handle 3 or 4 beers in one evening at most. i see, i dont have the problems in my life to forget or ignore, maybe thats why i dont like to drink? i can only handle 3 or 4 beers in one evening at most.	
Should Alcohol and/or tobacco be illegal		Give reasons for your answers. I think that Alcohol shouldnt be illegal- though i think having more than a small portion of what you should have should be illegal. But i am not sure about Tobacco. Please give me you opinions on if you Alcohol and/or Tabacco should be banned. Appreciated very much. Thank you!		
Alright to mix Lamitrogine/Gabapentin/Alcohol?		First off, I dont want a lecture about the dangers of abusing alcohol. I know what Im doing. Im 16 and on the the these two seizure medications for mood stabilization (I know, seizure medications should be left for the seizure patients, but my stupid mom wont listen). Is it alright for me to be drinking alcohol in moderation? Im not sure of any legitimate concerns when it comes to these drugs interacting with alcohol, but I know that alcohol does intensify the CNS-depressing effects, and Im sure to regulate how much I drink based on that. I just want the peace of mind to know theyre okay in combination and wont cause any serious problems.	Additional Details David and Shuttupauface, neither of you are answering my question. Ive done enough research to (almost positively) know it wont kill me to drink (okay not moderately, I meant only a little bit) alcohol. I will ask a pharmacist. No, its not stupid when Im almost positive it isnt a big deal. And I have a self-destructive streak so its not like I care too much to take a risk, but I do care enough to double-check with Yahoo Answers for a second opinion. And Shuttapauface, youre assuming adults know mixing alcohol and meds is dangerous. Im sure many dont. Im asking this question because I do know. Im been told by a psychiatrist that Lamictal/alcohol has no interaction other than the two exaggerate the effects of one another. I dont know about Gabapentin though but Ive heard its relationship with alcohol is the same. I dont have a death wish, Im seeking to educate myself on this. quantum, none of that made very much sense at all. What do you know about these drugs? I dont drink much at all. Like a drink a week or something. Im listening, but tell me exactly how its deadly if youre so sure	
What will happen if a person drinks 3 or 4 bottles of wine or other alcohol a week		I drink 3 or 4 750 mls sized bottles of wine a week. Or 1 375 mls bottle of vodka plus 2 750 mls bottles of wine a week. Or a liter of Kahlua or other liqueuer once a week plus two bottles of wine a week how soon will I die drinking at this pace?		
Are homeopathic drops that contain alcohol addictive			I am having serious problems with anxiety.24/7...! i cant even sleep ..and i feel like i will never be fine again...!!! I have been suggested to take Homeopathic medicine.It actually worked for me...But i am scared that i will get addicted to it....I am so upset ..please help me.What should i do?	
How to Help an Alcoholic who does not want to help them selft would you like to ask		I am the oldest of four children in my household. There is my Dad, and my Mom. My dad drinks about one or two bottles of beer on special occasions.My Mom is a different story. My brothers and sister have put up with my mom, who is the family alcoholic. It has come time to address her about her problem, but when we try to confront her, she is drunk or drinking. It starts when we come home from school. She is outside sitting on the porch with a cigarette is her hand, the phone to her ear, and the beer in her lap (or she is past out in her bedroom). She likes to pick up her Coors Light 24 pack beer cans, and she will drink the whole thing in one or two days. When we are home, she likes to yell at us to do random things, or do things we are already doing, like our homework. If we ask her if we can do simple things like go outside or play games, she will say NO, yell at us to go to our rooms, and then yell some kind of negative, inappropriate, or racial slur. If we need help with something like our homework, she yells the same things. We have no SOBER adult to help us with our situations, except for my dad who leaves early for work before we get up, and comes home late just before bed. My parents discuss my moms Alcohol abuse,then they start yelling, and it makes it worse. Then my mom is abusive to us sometimes like trowing full water bottles across the room or slapping us. But that is to far, our family wants to stop her before she starts pulling knives out or something. She will not go into a detox program, she will not go to AA. She says she does not have a problem with alcohol. When talking to her on the rare occasions when she is not drinking about the problem, she gets mad and does not talk to anyone. Then that makes it worse when she is drinking. I know this could be more worse than it is now, and we dont want it to get worse. Please help us, we want her to get better. Thank You in advance. (Sorry for any mistakes, lots of details and tired when I wrote this)		
I am addicted to alcohol and ambien			I am getting worried. i drink 6-8 drinks a night and mix in 20mgs of ambien i heard this is very very dangerous but i am so addicted to the effects. how do i stop or has anyone else mixed these 2?	
Where to launch complaint against alcohol abuse		I want to file complaint against my father whos an alcoholic. He abuses my mother and me verbally once hes drunk. where can I launch complaint against him which will additionally help him quit drinking. I want him to quit drinking but hes not ready for it. hes a nice person, but once he drinks he does not remain himself. I dont want to go to the police, because it will ruin our reputation. Im concerned about the reputation because we are planning for my sisters wedding. But if theres some other lawful way (as powerful as police) which will not ruin our reputation and will also compel my father to quit drinking then Im definitely looking forward to it.		
Is it possible to be addicted to alcohol after being drunk once		I got drunk last week for the first time and I have cravings for it?	Additional Details How about you answer my question, this isnt yahoo express your opinions, I asked a question with the expectation of it being answered, derp	
Child of abusive alcoholic parenting, still feeling the effects 3 years after divorce. What to do		My story probably isnt much different from most upper-middle white families in America. I shouldnt be sweating it 3+ years after the issue has been resolved, right? For as long as I could remember, my father has been an alcoholic. Nothing super serious, but Ive gone through more bruises and tasted more tears than I could ever recall. My father drank every night, starting as early as 6pm. Generally he just got blackout drunk and passed out, not a bid deal. However, when I was about 10 he tried to start his own company in healthcare management. It basically failed miserably and he tried to revive it too many times, and he lost a lot of money and time in it. He quickly became an angry drunk, and by age 11 abuse walked into my household. I dont really want to dwell on the past. But basically, my father got drunk a lot, threw plenty of fists at me and my sister. I called the police one night on him when I was 13. Child services kicked him out of my house, set up a restraining order from him, etc. My mom divorced him sometime around age 15. Come back to present day and im 17. This problem (alcoholic/abusive parent) has been out of my life for some time now. The last time I spoke to my father I was 13. Up untill about age 13, my life outside of my house was pretty good. I had a ton of friends, always got invited to parties, and was happy with myself. Since my father has been kicked out however, i feel the effects of alcoholic parenting only increasing. Im 17 now, and no longer have any friends. I havent gone out on weekends to party/hang/chill/whatever with friends in several months. Since age 13, I have grown a disconnection from my community. I have relationship issues with my mom. not really issues, just everything is awkward. we rarely talk, and generally its just on a need-to-know basis, we wont talk out of small chat. My relationship with my sister is even more awkward. she is two years older than me. the more vivid memories i have of my younger life was how much worse it was to hear my sister get beat than getting beaten myself. the two are almost not comparable. I have serious trouble having a normal conversation with my sister for some reason as well. It really frustrates me, we used to be best friends, now I have trouble asking her how her day was. two years ago i felt the social disconnection, but still had no trouble finding parties to go to or friends to hang out with. I was an average kid. Previously I had been upbeat, outgoing, happy, fun. As every year goes by, I feel these character traits leaving me. Ive jumped from one of the most popular kids in my grade to someone who has no friends. I make small talk with 4 or 5 kids from school, but never seriously considered them a friend. I now have reached a point where i feel very isolated, withdrawn from society, often vent anger i cant explain towards others, for no reason. I have developed social anxiety, and am no longer considered anywhere near "outgoing". I was pretty depressed last year and had suicidal thoughts for about 6 months. Ive also been recently diagnosed with attention deficit/hyperactivity (ADHD). Im sitting by myself on a tuesday night writing this when i have a million other things, just because i wanted to feel emotion. I havent been hysterical laughing, crying, or filled with emotion in a long time. Writing this brought tears to my eyes, which i very much enjoyed. I guess my question is: how do i go back to how i used to be? funny, smart, energetic, happy, outgoing, talkative? Ive isolated myself so much from everyone in my life. its weird though. when i was 14, i used this story as a last-resort sob-story to get girls, but the story hasnt changed in 3 years, yet I dramatically have. Thanks for reading, and even if you didnt, thanks.	Additional Details the thing im most interested in is whats going on. i just dont understand why ive become the person that i am right now. why didnt this happen when i was 13, or 14, or 15. but has come back to haunt me years later?	
I want to Share a story about Klonopin and Alcohol		This is therapeutic for me and I feel that I need to share my story and give a little advice to some people who may be troubled out there and dont make the same mistake I did. A bit of friendly advise and coming from experience that I had over this past week. I am bipolar and my doctor presribed me medication that was to be used to control my anxiety and not to be abused. I had a very stressful couple of weeks financially, personally and at work. Last Friday when I was at work, I took three .5 miligrams of klonopin, the last klonopin I took was at 2pm. I then decided to come come from work and have nine beers around 9am until about 2am. at 2am, I became totally out of it, cut up my arms and my husband had no choice but to call 911. I hardly remember this but I was cursing the cops and emts when they came to my house to help me and try to get answers why I cut myself and why I was in the mental state I was in. I totally flipped out. I was then taken to the emergency room and was calling the nurses and doctors racial slurs, which I would never do in my normal state and telling the doctor i would blow people away with a shotgun. I was admitted to the phyciatric ward and was in the phych ward for four days, and those four days were pure torture for me because what all i wanted to do was to go home and be with my family. I see some people on answers.com wondering, oh, would it be recreational fun to mix anti phyciotic medication with alcohol to have a good time, oh, lets snort some klonopin and see what it feels like. All I have to say to you is that you are fools. and all I have to say is I am absolutely horrified of what could have happened to me, I am lucky to be writing this right now because the side effects from what I have read and what my doctors have told me of mixing and abusing medications, especially with alcohol are horrific so please everyone, learn from my experience. Whoever is watching over me, I am grateful to them. I had a real wake up call. Anyway, sorry to preach but I had to write this to relieve myself as well and try to reach out to people and prevent them from making the same mistake I did. Meds are no joke, alcohol is no joke. There are many other ways to relieve stress. Thank God I am ok now and to all of you that want to experiment, please think twice. I am thankful for my family and for the life that God has given me and this was definetly a lesson learned. This is my first day home from the hospital and all I have to say is that I am completely shooken up. Please feel free to answer back to me and share your experiences if you have any. Please everyone, stay away from mixing pills and alcohol.		
Life before being an alcoholic.		What if youre an alcoholic.. and it actually makes you feel better about yourself, and happier? Before I started drinking, I was always depressed, angry, etc. Always had to fight my emotions. Therapy didnt help. Pills turn you into a zombie. So what then? Am I just mentally dysfunctional and doomed to harm my body to enjoy life? I always see preaching about finding god, etc. That is past me. Im realistic. I will never believe in god, regardless of what anyone says, simply because I know better. So whats left for me? Im not inviting a philosophy discussion, just looking for that last bit of hope for myself. One that doesnt involve religion or some nonsense about finding yourself. Ive spent almost 25 years trying to find myself, and reality is, I wont find myself. Is alcohol my last resort? Im interested in what people have to say about it. Perhaps if you were truly in my shoes you would understand, but I find that most answers I see tend to be from people who are delusional, as if life is simple enough to not have to distract yourself from the harsh realities lying in wait.	Additional Details Obviously god exists, ya know, considering all the factual evidence proving it. I was obviously mistaken. Let me reshape my life and go to church and start singing gospel. Like I said. Ive done therapy, trying to find myself through hobbies, exploring other avenues, etc. Nothing interests me, and it never did, even before I started drinking. The last thing I want is to go to more AA meetings where I tell people about my problems and they pretend to understand and care, which they dont, nor do I need to hear about others problems. I have enough trouble dealing with my own. I get bored very easily of everything when sober. Any attempts at a positive attitude, like i said even after MANY therapy appointments with multiple people, have failed utterly. Im not here for pity, nor for a god, or anything spiritualistic. People have tried to offer me support and Ive followed their advice, or gone against their advice, and it just doesnt do anything. I find myself hiding in my own bubble because Im just tired. I know Im smart, perhaps too smart for my own good, and I over think everything. Over think until it drives me insane	
Is it possible to cure alcoholism			I am a 24 year old alcoholic, I am a s binge drinker, I binge drink on weekends or any day I am free and drink 2 long necks of beer on weekdays to avoid any withdrawal problems while sleeping. I tried to cut down my drinking but whenever I do that I had serious problems with withdrawal including Insomnia, shakes, nightmares, paranoia and sweating a lot. My tolerance to alcohol gone sky high in just one year. I can drink one liter of scotch whiskey in just one sitting. I totally aware about my addiction but unable to control. Once I am drunk no one in the world can stop me from drinking even the cops. I started drinking in order to feel comfortable in social situations since I got a social anxiety but eventually I became addicted to it. Now I am hopeless that I can comeback to my normal life. I am a hardcore alcoholic now. Treatments are expensive for me because I am in a different country now came here as a student but no medicare. I just wondering if i can do this myself without go for medical aid.	
Alcoholism ten points!		so after me n my boyfriend of a yr broke up i started partyying, almost every night and i handle my alcohol very well. but lately ive been gettin hangovers. and i never did before, and ive been drinking the same amount. is it finally catching up w me and do i have a drinking problem? me n my bf r back together so im not drinking out of depression anymore. and i do always go to work and take care of what i gotta do. opinions?		
WHY are so many of you ignorant in regards to alcohol thinking it is good way to relax you		in short term for a few hours, myabe, but! have you thought of next day? with hangover, if abused> the fact is<SEMCOL> alcohol is delusional drug,and in long run, your nerves will be shot and you will get the shakes		
Do you think people can become "addicted" to food the same way they can be addicted to alcohol				
Is this alcoholism or something else		A dear friend of mine has a problem with alcohol. He doesnt seem to crave it, meaning he doesnt talk about it all the time, doesnt drink even that often. But when he does, he for some reason cant seem to stop. One beer turns into 8 beers before even he knows it, I think. And hes confided in me that he has become violent, throwing things in anger, saying terrible things to his girlfriend, even going so far as sluggishly "punching" her across the jaw one evening. Ive suggested he get help, but hes tried and because he isnt a daily problem, no one seems to want to return his calls. Is this alcoholism, should he be in a program, or what would you recommend? Hes currently in touch with a psychology practice trying to get the paperwork in line, but will that be enough? Does anyone know someone like this ? Im afraid hes going to ruin his life...		
Im 15 and I think I might be an alcoholic		For almost a year now, Ive been drinking a lot. I try to hide it from family and friends and I do it alone and I drink before I go out with friends. Being drunk helps me escape and it makes me feel less ugly. It also makes me less shy and nervous. I drink alone in my room 3 nights a week. Im a girl. I know how bad it is for me, and how ridiculous it sounds: a 15 year old drunk. Im not one of those kids that wants to seem cool and act drunk and tell anecdotes from their drunk nights before. I try to hide it. Maybe this is normal, I dont know. My parents hate me already so I cant tell them. I also dont have any "trusted adults". I dont want to talk to someone official because I cant legally drink yet and Im scared Ill be in trouble. According to online tests (stupid, I know) Im at very high risk for becoming an alcoholic. I know this is bad, but Im so bored with my life and sick of it. It helps me escape for a while. I feel like I need it. When I try to stop, I usually cant go for more than 3 days. I usually drink a tall glass of vodka, or 6 beers every night. I get my alcohol from my parents because they have a lot of it and dont drink much. Im also aware of the health risks that come with excessive drinking, I just cant stop anyway. Im really embarrassed by this. Im not proud at all. Is this normal? What should I do?		
Why Did God Make Alcohol And Marijuana If It Causes Problems			If God didnt want people using it then why did he create it? The world would probably be 40% better with out alcohol. Knowing this why did God create it? It just causes car accidents, child abuse, spousal abuse, divorce, homelessness etc... The world wouldnt be perfect with out alcohol but it would probably be a whole lot better. Why would a God that sends people to Hell for drinking alcohol and using marijuana create it in the first place knowing that hed have to send people to Hell for using it?	
Should there be a "welfare store" to prevent recipients from buying cigarettes, alcohol, and junk food		I believe that welfare should only cover necessities - meaning healthy food (produce and meat... not TV dinners and HoHos). I also believe that luxury items should be barred from purchase by welfare recipients. This includes cable TV, cigarettes, alcohol, or Xmas gifts for kids. Do you think a specific store for welfare recipients could stop these abuses of the system? I think it would also prevent people from selling food stamps.		
Question regarding detecting alcohol in system			This is a hypothetical situation. :) So lets say Im currently on probation. Just to clarify, to save unfair judgments, I am not a drug addict or an alcoholic. I am well over 21, I was just caught in a situation I should have thought twice about. Anyways, my probation officer tells me I cant drink or smoke marijuana. She also informed me I have to submit to random testing. Anyways, I am curious about how long it takes alcohol to leave the system. How long would I have to stop drinking before my urine test to pass it?	
Do buddhists use narcotics and/or alcohol and/or tobacco as part of their religious practice		What is their view of crystal meth, crack, cocaine, peyote pot, heroin, etc? Is it part of their enlightenment to use any sort of narcotics, alcohol, or tobacco? Im asking because I know a young person who is into alcohol and drugs. But he is also interested in Buddhism and wants to attend a Buddhist college in Colorado, USA. Will they discourage or encourage his substance abuse?	Additional Details Would also appreciate it if you all could answer this question also. http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>?	
Why do people after abusing alcohol..		...right after theyve dryed out i heard some people get hallucinations of bugs crawling on them & can actually feel them accompanied by the usual withdrawal WHY DO THESE PEOPLE GET HALLUCITIONS ID LIKE A SCIENTIFIC REASON IF YOU PLEASE?		
Im worried I have an alcohol problem		I started getting into drinking quite a bit from a young age, but when I met my bf three years ago I started going out alot more and hanging around with his friends who are all older, and drinking lots. Then there started to be occassions where I would get so drunk Id verbally abuse him, and recently Ive actually hit him :( Last night I got in and was being really nasty, waking him and screaming at him that I wanted to sleep with other guys that were in the pub...I have no memory of this today,and hes left for the night. Im really upset and I know Ive got to do something about this, obviously I need to stop drinking, although this abuse doesnt happen every time I drink... I feel so terrible and have really been thinking on this whats bad is Im 19. Im angry in general aswell. I know I should go for counselling probably but not sure If Im ready for that. and yes I was not bought up with my dad and mum, just my mum although have always seen my dad and been in contact with him, I know that could have something to do with it.		
What does this cluster of symptoms suggest in an alcoholic who has been heavily drinking for 35 years		When my neighbor visited this morning, he looked unwell and described the following symptoms: a) dry heaves upon arising, in the bathroom or at the sight of food in the morning, b) chills and sweats, c) tenderness under ribcage and d) shaking hands. These symptoms are not out of left field: he has been describing them for several weeks now. Please dont scold me for not seeing the obvious, as I do! I explained to my neighbor of 17 years that Im not a doctor, but have carried enough cases on my caseload as a mental health worker to recognize that he possibly has hepatimegaly, or enlargement of his liver and that it is no longer able to accommodate his considerable daily Canadian Mist intake. Asking him to stop drinking is roughly the equivalent of asking Iran to host an Israeli delegation in Tehran on Yom Kippur. Ive suggested climbing down the ladder step by step, which hes more receptive to-until hes healthier. He did a stint in rehab in 2006 but obviously relapsed. While in rehab, he learned the concept that "relapse is part of recovery" and may be using this as carte blanche. For those more qualified than I, are these symptoms consistent with liver damage/disease (as they resolve themselves before noon just in time for the drinking to start) or is it a still relatively healthy liver sending notice that this is "gotta stop." At this point, there is no jaundice or oddlycolored feces/urine reported that would suggest things are even more seriously awry. Hes a sweet guy, only 54, imminently likable, but I wonder where these ominous symptoms will take him and will they resolve themselves if he stops the daily assault on arguably the bodys third most important organ. Thanks for any professional input. Again, Im not playing doctor or counselor, but Ray is allowing me to mirror back to him what Im seeing. Help me explain the dynamic to him, please. Hes rather concrete and only believes that his liver will hurt on one side only if its ill, when in reality, the organ traverses the upper part of the GI tract and is initially rather tolerant of abuse.		
Alcohol and how it destroys families .. how to help one and the people its affecting /		ever sine i could remember my dad has been drinking, when i was little me and my older brothers saw him and verbally abuse our mom. she stayed because of us and because she was dependent on him. the trouble is my dad is a good dad when he is sober but when he drinks he changes. small thing tick him off . as we grew older the beatings stopped and he only verbally abused her and anyone she got close to .. my brothers started to drink too and i guess they inherited my dads genes cos when they drink they too would be annoyed by the smallest things , i have tried to talk to everyone , tried to make a change but sometime i dont know wht else to do. i love my family but i live in fear tht ill go home one day to find tht my brother have physically hurt each other or tht my dad has hurt my mom. i knw u are all thinkin get the police involved but my mom dont want to lock him away cos she always saying he never let her or her children go hungry and its only when he drinks he is like this ... i have come to a point where i cry jus thinking about wht could happen in my family next ... i really wish we could jus be a normal happy family .. im currently at university and i cant move out cos i depend on my dad for finance .... im running out of things to do to keep my family together .its only on weekends tht he drinks the most HELP... P.S even i knw there is good in my dad i jus dont knw how to find it when he drinks .. sad ... tears		
Im 15 and all of my friends drink alcohol but I never want to drink it		Im 15 turning 16 in a few months and at parties everyone around me is drinking alcohol. Ive had sips of my parents champagne, red wine, beer etc. and I hate the taste of all of them. Its not really for religious reasons - Im a christian and christians are allowed to drink alcohol. My parents drink alcohol once in a while but not excessively. I just dont have the desire to ever drink alcohol in the future. Would I be missing out? Is this stupid? Im worried Ill end up getting addicted to it or something as I have an addictive personality. I just dont want to drink it at all in the future but I feel like if everyone around me is drinking it Im missing out...		
Why is alcohol legal but marijuana illegal		I mean isnt a stoned driver safer than a drunk driver? Ive done weed but Im not addicted, casually its okay. I know that its legal for medical uses but it should be legal for recreational purposes as well. Drunk people on the other hand are way more violent and hazardous. But if I am wrong please inform me...I just want to know why the laws are that way		
If someone loans money to an alcoholic to buy alcohol, are they causing more problems for the alcoholic		if someone were to lend the alcoholic money, the alcoholic now is in debt a little bit, plus they are continuing to drink. Would the person be doing them a favour by not loaning them the cash in the first place		
Am I alcoholic and how can I stop being		Do you know some sites where I can do anonymous test? How to stop ore ewen better howe did you stopped?		
My mom is addicted to alcohol & smoking and wants to stop, but cant. My brother treats me horribly.		How do I put an end to these things? I need suggestions and answers please!	Additional Details my dad knows about these problems. the drinking and smoking has been going on for as long as i can remember and my brother is 3 years older than me and always irritates me until im about to snap	
What is the best way to detox after alcohol abuse				
(Personal Opinions) If you look forward to drinking once in a while, should you be considered an alcoholic		Im 24 and I live at home with my parents. They think that drinking is wrong, and if you like to have a good time and drink occasionally, you have a drinking problem. For instance, I just landed a job that I really I wanted. I wanted to go out and celebrate, maybe have a margarita or two with my dinner, but Im not allowed. Thinking in this way, in their opinion, means that I have an alcohol problem.		
Should i consider alcohol to avoid shyness		i just want to do what i love and express myself without the feeling of insecure or afraid of failure....i cant even speak my mind out in social situation..one time my hands tremble when my brothers friends were in our house ...i cannot think straight when it comes to talking to strangers...btw im not drinking just to have a social life , in fact i dont plan to...it is just so that i can do what i want without thinking what others think, and i do not want to impress anyone..	Additional Details i tried to beat the shyness in fact it is always me who had to start the conversation ...tried to be friendly but it just that it is not genuine . I knew that the conversation is boring and will lead to akward silence...people act ackward around me but not when they talk to others	
Xanax and alcohol mixture		my friend who i might add is an addict can take more pills than u can imagine has never odd or came close.and these are usually much stronger than a xanx uch as roxys and opanas ten pr more at a time... well.. he took ten 1mg xanx and drank about a 750ml bottle of vodka, hes acting completely out of it, can hardly walk... does he need to sleep it off or dpes he ned medical attention?		
Is Weed a good substitute for tobacco and alcohol			I am addicted to both tobacco and alcohol and looking for a substitute.	
Im a 16 year old girl and a alcoholic also druggie. Please help me.			OK so I have severe depression and tension and stress issues. I take all that very easily. So last year in March or April when I was 15, I started drinking whiskey and smoking weed to get away from all the worries at home. But I just dont want anybody else in my family to find out what I am doing. And I have become a weed addict! I can not get any help from outside or at home cause if I do my parents will torture me even more! Please help. My cousins have even found out about this but havent said anything to anybody yet. But I dont know how to stop!	
What is the avg pay rate in NY for drug/alcohol abuse counselors				
Should parents tell their kids that cigarettes and alcohol is for homos.			Seems like a great idea..... Image a kid getting bullied at school because he drinks or smokes. I think we can fix alot of the world problems like this. Here is an example for safer streets..... "Hey son, did you know that street racing is for homos" What do you think? Post your thoughts please. TAGS: Prohibition, Alcohol, Drug Abuse, Arizona Cardinals, Atlanta Falcons, Baltimore Ravens, Buffalo Bills, Carolina Panthers, Chicago Bears, Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns, Dallas Cowboys, Denver Broncos, Detroit Lions, Green Bay Packers, Houston Texans, Indianapolis Colts, Jacksonville Jaguars, Kansas City Cheifs, Miami Dolphins, Minnesota Vikings, N.Y. Giants, N.Y. Jets, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints, Oakland Raiders, Philadelphia Eagles, Pittsburgh Steelers, San Diego Chargers, San Francisco 49ers, Seattle Seahawks, St. Louis Rams, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tennessee Titans, Washington Redskins, George W. Bush, Barrack Obama, President of the United States, America, Football, NFL, Rugby, Betting, Wager, Wagering. Cover, Spread, Covers.com, Gambling, Relationship, Marriage, Wife, Husband, Daugther, Son, Lady Gaga, Eminem, Pope John Paul, Catholic Church, Religion, Muslims, Christians, NBA, Gangs, LA Lakers, L.A. Clippers, Kobe Bryant, Lebron James, Chicago Bulls, Miami Heat, New York Knicks, Boston Celtics, NHL, MLB, Canada, Hockey, Canadian, Guns, 2nd amendment, 1st amendment, School Bullying, Weight Gain, Fat, Diet, Excercise, Loss Weight, Oscars, Vampire, Vampires, Twilight, Open Source Code	
A couple of questions on alcohol 		Q.1 Im 14, and never had alcohol, good/bad? Q.2 Im going to have some wine, on my birthday (15) and itll be watered down. But whats best to water it down with: lemonade, or water? Q.3 Would I taste the wine/get addicted to it, if its watered down? Thanks!		
Why is it NOT a good idea to misuse or abuse alcohol		I need at least three reasons. Its for a school project. I have an idea on why its not a good idea, but i need more Information. Thanks!		
Is the us the only country that make you wait 7 years more to be mature enough to drink alcohol		Most not yank people i kniw they started drinking at age of 14-16 i even start at that age		
Why people lose consciousness when they drink alcohol				
Why is alcohol a legal drug and nothing else		Alcohol is actually one of the most dangerous drugs out of all of them if you actually do the research. So why is it legal? Or why is everything else illegal? Why cant I do a different drug in my own house if I want to?	Additional Details @ Steve g - yet you cant provide an explanation? @jedi jan - you realize alcohol can be made the same way? Thats a dumb answer. Tobacco can too. The only reason people dont do it is because its easier to go buy it. Nobody wants to try and maintain that and it cost a lot just to be able to get the resources. Edit - I didnt include caffeine and nicotine because mostly when the government refers to drugs they dont consider that. Usually it has to be illegal in order for to them to actually classify them as a drug. But, you are correct stating caffeine, nictotine, etc. are drugs.	
Alcoholic, Chain Smoking Mum		Hi. Im not going to go into the whole story but my mum is just like the title of the question. She has been smoking and drinking all of her life. But it is worse than that. She has a drink in her hand literally every minute of the day and goes back for refills all the time. The same goes for cigarettes. On top of that she mixes energy drinks into the alcohol. She goes to sleep at about six in the morning and wakes up at about four in the afternoon every day. When she is awake, she doesnt do any housework, she just sits down and watches television with a cigarette in one hand and a drink in the other. She is unemployed. She has been since before i was born. Because of this, my dad has to support the family (three kids including myself). We always have barely any money after all of the bills have been paid. I dont really care about the money though. I just want my mum back. Doctors told her 20 years ago that she would be dead in the next ten years if she didnt change her habits. The fact is, the only think keeping her alive is her good genes. Her parents are actually the opposite of her. They have a lot of money, worked hard and have a beautiful house. I really dont want her to die and I have tried talking to her but she just says that I am emotionally blackmailing her and that I should just get over it. What should I do? Im 16 by the way. If that changes anything.		
Alcohol: one of gods greatest blessings, a miracle. Agreed		So Im drunk right now. I think its great. But on the other hand, some ppl drink it, and like, domestically abuse their wives (or husbands because were all equal these days too)? So does it make this bad? I would say not, but what would you say? Good bad or an in between? (As I said, I think literally that it is like the best thing)	Additional Details Vanja, nice name. Super interesting. Um, no. When I have that hangover, Im like, it was worth it. I know Ive got to endure a little pain for this eccilent feeling. Thats fine. The thing is, my life sucks. Im always in the trenches. Its not hard for me to endure that $hit. Hangovers are SOOOO easy for me. So....do you see why I drink becuase that is the reason. Because hangovers are so much nothing to me.	
With the use/abuse of alcohol, the heart is less efficient in the use of nutrients by the heart tissue.				
Why do alcoholics have bad judgement even when theyre sober				
What does alcohol do to your pancreas				
I am an alcoholic and my family hates me for it please help me.		I am an alcoholic and my life is chaotic because of it. I am 22 years old. Everyday I cry because I want to stop drinking so bad and it gets the better of me all the time. I have these cravings that I obsess over and they dont go away until I drink. My mom told me that I am despicable and make her sick and she doesnt understand why I dont just wake up and stop drinking. She says it is really easy and that I must not care or else I would just stop. Today I was crying so hard and just begging her to give me a hug and she wont hug me. My boyfriend of 7 years has just left me and four days ago my father just got arrested and will be getting life in prison. I have tried to explain that I am hurting so much but she just says I should get over it and that I make her sick and that I am being weak and dramatic. Please help me understand what to do. I told her I feel like she is just throwing tomatoes at me with her words and her boyfriend said that I should deserve that and submit and that I deserve whatever people say about me because Im an alcoholic and of all the things i have done while drinking to embarrass myself and lose my dignity. Is this correct? Please help me evaluate this situation I am so hurt.		
Ambien and alcohol!.,			I took a sleep ambien aend drank about a cup of vodka and I feel very sweaty. Should I go to the er. I am addicted to drugs and am 17 and indeed something so I tried this mix and dont know if I should sleep it off or go to the hospital. Im scared. Please dont be mean. Thanks	
Confused about my alcoholic boyfriend		Okay, I will sum up the past 2 years by simply saying that he has put me through HELL - REPEATEDLY. Threatening suicide, drinking himself unconscious, having seizures. I have called ambulances and the police, he has gotten into an accident, had his license taken away because of a DUI, ruined our anniversary, was a completely cruel *** the night my dad passed away...it goes on and on and on. But in the past year, hes been making some HUGE progress. When I met him he drank every weekend and sometimes all week too. Now he never really does anymore, except every 3 months or so, when he will go on a bender for a few days, turn into a totally different person (belligerant, defensive, denying everything, blaming me for everything, calling me a crazy *****, etc). And it always ends the same. He tells me to leave, he doesnt care if he ever sees me again. Then I hear nothing from him for about a week. Then I call him (usually because I cant believe hes actually like that), and we work it out and get back together. But this last time, this past weekend, I said, enough is enough, and I told him Im through. Yet the level of pain and sadness and grief and missing him is unbelievable. He was my best friend, and he knows me better than anyone. We were through so much together, and he was a GREAT person when he was sober...and because hes made so much progress, should I stick around and work it out?? My biggest fear is that he WILL get sober, become the amazing guy I KNOW he can be, and I will be kicking myself for having let him go. Advice please! Thanks!!		
What will happen to me if I keep smoking weed and drinking alcohol to escape reality			I smoke weed regularly and drink alcohol occasionally. I started to do it for fun but now I tell my parents it is to escape reality.I am never really home, I am 21 and only come home to eat and sleep.Everyday I am home I smell a lot like weed and I know I disrespect my home.My family cares about me but as soon as they try to give me advice, I begin to feel angry like fingers are being pointed at me, even when they tell me nicely that I need help or talk about why I need to stop weed & alcohol.I have fallen into a depression, so I abuse drugs and alcohol, I tell my family that it is because I dont want to feel anything that I want to be numb. Both of my parents came to the US for a better life, but even with all their support, I decided to drop out of college, it just wasnt for me and I didnt care what they thought.I have worked at a restaurant for years, I know I am 21 and I can probably get a good job, but Id rather stay stuck in a restaurant so I can continue to smoke weed and drink and party.On my social network, all I ever talk about is about smoking weed.I think its funny when I am stoned and drunk haha.My siblings who are a year younger and the other a year older have tried to help me, they feel sorry for me because bad things just keep happening to me, but with my help because it has all been my fault but I dont care, but I cry too. I do not know why I have changed so much, when I was younger I swore with my sister that I would never do drugs or alcohol, but I DO and I love it.I tell my family that I could stop whenever I want to and that I am not addicted, but I have never tried to.The friends that I have are friends because of the weed and drugs, every time I needed money or help getting my car out during the snow, or a ride home after the crash, no one was there to help me.But I help everyone and get nothing in return from friends.My family works early and wakes up at 4am but there are times that I dont get home, dont call and my family go out and search for me all night without them sleeping. Once they were looking for me and I was busy getting drunk and high and never answered their calls or texts since i had fallen asleep and my guy friends house.They seem to stock me and see if I am in the places I say I am going to be and I Hate it.why do they follow me or look for me in town ( this has happened a lot of times and I am just past out at friends houses).Who cares if I do not go back to my parents house where I eat and sleep for a day, why do they keep calling and searching for me when I dont respond. I get so mad at my family especially at my sister because she is the one that tells me the harm that I do to myself and to my family and that I need to become responsible again and live life is a positive way.Both of my parents are together, we have no problems financially, my siblings and I have all graduated college but why do I smoke weed and drink and feel angry to my family and ignore them to be with my friends, like if my friends gave me my life. I tell my mother I am going to move away from home since I was 18 and that I could do whatever I want but I am now 21 and still living there, I dont clean, I dont help pay for any type of food, I dont help with pets I bring home, I dont wash my own clothes, I take peoples stuff and forget to return it sometimes, I never clean after myself, my shoes are everywhere but I dont care.My sister tells me I am disrespecting my parents home and it gets me mad. What is wrong with me? Why am I depressed and blame it on people who do not have the fault (my family)? Why do I keep hanging around with people who are my buddies for drinking and smoking. Why do I let people use and abuse me when they need me, but (what I call friends) are never REALLY there for me? Why do I say I can stop when I havent tried? Why is all I think about is weed or drinking?Am I ruining my life? How can I be better, I am an emotional wreck, I wake up in the morning and begin to cry even without anybody talking to me.When my family asks what wrong I get mad and ignore them.My sister tells me that as soon as they try to help me I become defensive and feel like fingers are being pointed that I always feel victimized but why do I feel this?What am I doing wrong?What should I do?Or is my family the bad ones? Or my friends? or just me?	
Correlation between Cancer and alcohol		Well I just had my yearly check up and perfectly healthy. HOWEVER, the doctor asked for an ultrasound to check my lymph nodes. Turns out that when I drink alcohol my lymph nodes swell. He ruled out any stds etc... and had a concerned look. So I pondered and asked, he said," we are going to check your red blood count." I am not naive, but could he be checking for lymphoma or hodgins? Hope its not cancer...		
Why was Jesus unable to turn alcoholic people into to sober during the wedding		He turned fresh water into red wine instead of healing people from their alcohol addiction. Why do Christians need alcohol in their wedding ? to fornicate or what? Why do they need alcohol to feel the happiness? Jesus was with them in that wedding, the so called God in flesh was next to them and yet they needed intoxication to feel happy. How about todays Christians? How can we convince them not to drink if they God was drunken according to gospel : Luke 7:34 : (The Son of Man came eating and drinking, and you say, Here is a glutton and a drunkard, a friend of tax collectors and "sinners.") What a shame to share this planet with Christians!	Additional Details "Everyone serves the good wine first, and when people have drunk freely, then the poor wine. But you have kept the good wine until now." Verses 8-10: lollllllllllllllllll	
How does parents drug and alcohol abuse affect their children		Im writting a senior research paper on how parents drug and alcohol abuse affects their children. any books or websites would be helpful thank you		
Alcohol vs marijuana		Witch is the better drug		
How much alcohol should I allow myself when trying to lose weight		I am currently trying to slim down, so how much alcohol should I allow myself to not undo my efforts?		
My husband has a low tolerance for alcohol these past few years and verbal/physically abuses me quite often (e				
Where can I find data on pharmaceutical treatments for alcoholism			Im doing a report for my biology coursework on the most effective pharmaceutical treatment for alcoholism. I need to integrate some images containing diagrams and recorded data. Where can I find scientific journals containing this information?	
Why do you think people (particularly teenagers) abuse alcohol				
Why do Americans seem so straight laced about alcohol when...		they are a nation that deals out prescription drugs like candy, drugs that arent even allowed in Europe and drugs that are killing more and more famous (and unfamous people Im sure) year after year. I only ask this as I have noticed many answers from Americans about alcohol preaching about not drinking it and how bad it is for you, and also when I was on holiday there recently a waitress told my Husband and I that we had drank too much after we consumed a bottle of wine between us over a 3 course meal?! I wonder how many of these people then go upstairs and take some Ambien out of the bathroom cabinet and think nothing of the side effects?!		
Is alcohol really dangerous			I drink quite a lot and often for a long time.. Think Im starting become alcoholism. I dont really care if I become addicted or not.. But is it dangerous? I read about poisoning.. Which can lead to that you cant breath anymore? I have panic disorders too.. So I have no way to know if my symptoms are real or just my mind playing tricks on me. But 1 symption ins not breathing more than 8 times per minute.. and another that you breath irregularly and sometimes dont breath for I forgot how many seconds. But both in movies and irl there is sooooo many alcoholists that drink all their live daily and they live a good life. It would be hard to stop drinking but I might try if its really so dangerous.. but also sucks because its social thing to drink alcohol almost everywhere and I would hate having to say no... both because of temptations and because its not normal to say no to alcohol when everyone else drinks.	Additional Details i dont mean like.. becaue I know its ocourse dangerous.. but i mean like... its like saying flying by airtravel is dangerous because it can crash.. but it dont really happen often especially anylonger.
Suboxone with alcohol		so 3 years ago i had a big accident where i broke parts of my spine and pelvis so i was put on narcotic pain medication and i was on the for almost all of the last 3 years so naturally i got addicted, they now have me on suboxone to try to ween me off the addiction, everything has been fine with it and last week i drank a few beers and a couple shots, and let me tell you i am no light weight i can drink with the best of them and usually i do not get hangovers only if i drink way to much, but since i have been on the suboxone i cut back a lot with the alcohol but not entirely, this was the first time i drank since on them, and i literally had 3 beers and 1 shot and when i woke up the next morning i had the worst hangover i have ever had and it caught me off guard because i never get them and if i do they are basically a mild headache that goes away after a couple hours, so my question is was this horrible hangover due to the suboxone or was it just all the years of luckily avoiding them catching up with me, or just a freak hangover or just a bad migraine or something, because i know another person on the suboxone and he said he has never had a problem drinking while on the		
What are the effects of alcohol				
Addicted help alcohol 		Im in horrible health (only 22 years old) I have very high blood pressure ( 160 over 100) and I always have a rapid pulse 115+. I normally drink 17+ beers a night (yea im a alcoholic :/ I know) . I know I have to quit, but its not until I have drank alot that I think I need to. Y do I want to quit then? And how do I quit? I know alot of people will judge me, but I do need help. Im engaged and I want a real future. I work full time and go to college full time, so its not like im a loser, I just need help. It seems so easy to quit when im drinking, but when im not.it seems Soo hard. Help please.		
Am i an alcoholic O:		hai! so im 18 and im reallly scared! so im a party girl and recently i was wasted nonstop for five days and then ive been sober for three days and now i am craving alcohol sooo bad but im not getting "effects" or wvr... i just like the feeling and taste.. thing is that i also drink when im alone when its night bc i cant sleep and would rather continue being drunkkk o.o AM I AN ALCOHOLIC OR JERSEY SHORE STATUS?? O: i usually continue drinking throughout the day to "cure" my hangover hehehe O: BTW I ALREADY AM ADDICTED TO CUTTING ! IDK IF THAT HELPSS pleeaseee someone ANYONE answer or help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
WHAT CAUSES TEENS TO ABUSE ALCOHOL		I am doing a brochure on teen alcoholism , and i need some information. What causes teens to abuse alcohol? What are some effects of alcohol in teens, short and long? Please i kinda need the information quickly.		
Why are Ciggerettes and alcohol legal		There is no point to smoke or to drink alcohol? They can only make things worse not better.	Additional Details I am not being "Stereotypical". Imagine a world without smokers or alcoholics. Doesnt that sound nice? So pretty much because it generates revenue?	
Do you know of any former alcoholics who drink normally.			The only one I ever heard of is me.	
Opinions am i an alcoholic 			Okay, so like i LOVE DRINKING one time I didnt go to a party for like 3 weeks so I drank on a random wednesday I downed a whole bottle of white wine....... so bottom line is I only drink when i go to parties but when I do drink I drink A LOT I love getting ****** up I just hate the next day effects... and i have drank in school in the past. Also Im always down to drink if they res liquour for free.	
Does Allah really forbid alcohol is it really haram in Islam 			the 3 verses in the quran just ask us to abstain from intoxicants Allah dosent condemn it like pork and declare it haram i know in the hadith prophet Muhammad pbuh stops us from drinking alcohol but does that make alcohol haram? also unlike the holy quran in which Allah promises us that he would guard the qurans authenticity nothing can be said about the hadith ps- i dont actually drink alcohol or do drugs but my non Muslim friends do. and it seems kind of tempting...	
Why isnt alcohol illegal			Just want to know the real reason. If you dont know just say why you think its legal. I think its because people are too addicted to give it up. It has become a drug that people need to survive. The reason this trend continues is because we grow up around people who are addicted and drink (responsibly or not) around youths. Its also not illegal because America (or probably any country that drinks) would go completely insane just like the last action of prohibition.	Additional Details And of course I know about the famous Al Capone during the prohibition years. Pat, I know about the history of prohibition in this country. I just wanted some other opinions on the matter.
How do 13-15 year olds get addicted to drugs and alcohol enough to go to rehab Makes 0 sense to me		Maybe Im naive but that just sounds absolutely beyond me. How does a 13, 14 year old develop such a serious addiction? Thats just terrible! What the heck is wrong with teenagers? When I was 14, all me and my Friends wanted to do was go shopping or hang out, play, run around and hang out with the guys. That was it. Nobody drank, or did drugs - well one girl in our class did, but we truly thought she was a massive loser for doing those things. And than as soon as high school started 90% of people started doing drugs etc. But anyways... What the heck? I hear of celebrities that are so young, going to rehab. Its crazy! How does that even happen..?		
Would it be safe to marry a woman who drinks alcohol		I am a man who does not drink at all. I never have, and I never will. However, when browsing profiles on dating sites, it seems as if there are hardly any women at all who do not drink alcohol. Now, I am a realistic person, and I don?t live under a rock, so I know that most people do drink these days, but I still wouldn?t want to marry someone who drinks, for a variety of reasons: First of all, they are addicted. It may not be a problem addiction, but there is a chemical reaction in their bodies which causes them to desire another drink, according to the drinking pattern that they have developed. If they are away from alcohol too long, or if they try to stop, there will be withdrawal symptoms. Secondly, alcohol affects the mood, and therefore, if it is consumed over a long period of time, would it not also affect the personality? I want someone who is real, who is natural<SEMCOL> someone who accepts their original essence and embraces it- not someone who feels obligated to get high, to create a chemically induced feeling of ?fun.? (I am not a big fan of coffee, either, though that?s less of an issue.) Thirdly, alcohol causes birth defects. I do not want to be trying to have children with someone whose behaviors cause a risk of harming the development of their child. How do we know when she?s going to get pregnant? When we find out, the damage may already be done. Fourthly, what kind of psychological issues will I have to deal with because of the alcohol in her body? I don?t want our relationship to be harmed by an emotional disturbance in her brain. Men and women have a hard enough time getting along already. Fifthly, there is a much greater risk of her being in an automobile accident and getting killed, and possible taking the kids to the grave, as well. Sixthly, we all know that alcohol impairs judgment, and that many men use alcohol to try to persuade a woman to have sex with them (date rape, etc.) If she?s under the influence and some guy proposes an episode of bad behavior, she might not be able to resist, even though she would never do something like that under normal circumstances. Lastly, for the same reason mentioned above, I don?t want our daughters to drink, if we have any. What kind of example would that be setting if they know that their mother has a drink every now and then but they are forbidden to do so? So, here?s what I want to know: If I come across a girl that drinks, should I give her a chance at all? Would she be able to quit? Would I want to date her while she was trying to quit? If the answer to the above questions is no, what is the statistical possibility of me being able to find a nice, normal, mainstream American girl who doesn?t drink? Do they exist? Or should I look into ultra-conservative religious sects, or possibly other cultures? I am asking this in the Mathematics department because you people are supposed to the most logical, and because I am approaching this question from the perspective of statistics and probability. However, I do realize that there may be a chance that I am asking the wrong crowd, considering that mathematicians are the most in touch with reality, and reality sucks, so most of you probably drink because of that. P.S. Happy St. Patricks Day! (He was actually a good man- not just some drunk.)		
What is a meeting at Alcoholics Anonymous like		Honestly, Im frightened as hell to go. Personal experiences? Whats it like? Whats involved? Write me a book!!!		
Boyfriend mad at me cuz I drank alcohol		My boyfriend is a recovered alcoholic sober for 11 years. Last night we went out for st pattys day and I got really drunk on accident. I only had one glass of wine but it got me wasted because it mixed with my prescription antibiotics. Anyway, my boyfriend seemed upset. He just dumped me off at my home at midnight and he went home. Do all recovered alciholics hate when their girlfriends drink ?		
What medical benefit does alcohol have		It is not labeled as a schedule1 narcotic under the Controlled Substances Act. This must mean that it has medical benefits, or it means that the drug war is based on a farce		
Is alcoholism a disease	~Mackinzie~			
In your opinion, what would be the positives of a society that would exist without alcohol				
Alcohol related brain damage		Alcohol related brain damage? I am wondering about brain damage resulting from isolated heavy drinking nights. I have read that if you drink a ridiculous amount and narrowly escape death you may have irreversibly damaged your brain. I cant find anywhere on the internet information about this that could help me figure out whether I have brain damage from alcohol. The other night I drank a fifth of 70 proof liquor in no more than 4 hours, though I cant be certain about how long it took me because I dont remember anything after I had taken the water level in the bottle down about 4 inches. I weigh 165 pounds. I blacked out quickly and the next thing I knew I was in my bed the next day with a little bit of vomit on my pillow and sheets. I was conscious enough to navigate my driver to my home, which was after I finished off the bottle, and I threw up in the car on the way home. And people said that had a good time with me that night so I dont think I was lying down in the corner unconscious. I have a weak stomach and I have always considered that my safety net from alcohol poisoning. I always thought that I would start throwing up long before alcohol poisoning could even become an issue, since throwing up would make me stop drinking that night. But in my reading, I have learned that drinking hard liquor really quickly can actually dangerously slow down your gag reflexes so you arent guaranteed to throw up efficiently. I have never been one to drink very often.... I have never had addiction... but sometimes, with the right type of liquor, I just end up drinking it too fast, maybe because I dont give my body enough time to absorb it before drinking more, and my decision making process is a little messed up when Im drinking liquor, to say the least. The night I just described is an example of one of only a handful of major blackout nights I have had in my life. Im 23 years old. In fact, the night I just described might even be the closest I have ever come to alcohol poisoning, based on how much I drank and how fast. My hangover wasnt terrible since I slept through much of the next day. I didnt throw up at all after I woke up. I usually throw up when Im hungover. My concern is not alcoholism, or the sort of brain damage that results from a long drinking history.... my concern is with the type of brain damage that can occur when you drink too much just one time. I have read that when you have a high enough BAL you dont take enough breaths and starve your brain of oxygen.... I dont know if I have done that. I have always seemed to recover fine from my black out nights... certainly no symptoms of any "brain damage." But then again, what would be symptoms of brain damage? All I can find on the internet about this matter is: "alcohol poisoning can cause irreversible brain damage." Nothing more. How exactly does lack of oxygen damage the brain? what part of the brain does it damage? And what would a person who got brain damage be like afterwards? Would they have a different personality? Would they be slower witted? I just really want to know the likelihood of me having a damged brain, even if its just a little tiny bit of damage. I certainly dont feel like I have a damaged brain, but if you ask me if I have ever had alcohol poisining... I would have to say that yes I probably have.		
My friends dont approve of alcohol		Were all in high school, so yeah, were underage. Ive never had alcohol before, besides the occasional sip or two at family events, and neither have they. I know a lot of people (probably 3 out of 4) who drink all the time. They always talk about going to these parties, or making cool drinks, and I just kinda feel left out. None of them pressure me to drink<SEMCOL> they invite me to the parties but let me know if theres gonna be drinking or not. I just really dont have a problem with alcohol at all. I know Im responsible enough to handle it, and I know that I wouldnt go overboard with it--maybe just one or two drinks in a night. But my best friends (the ones who dont drink) have made it clear over and over again that they dont approve of drinking at all. Once they find out someone they know drinks, they dont respect them as much. Theyll still talk to them and be nice to them, but behind their back they just refer to them as being a bad kid, or irresponsible. Trying to grow up to fast. Caving in to peer pressure... Its just frustrating because while I know alcohol can be dangerous if you abuse it, I feel like Im really missing out on experiences, plus I dont want to show up to college never having had any drinks at all. My family is filled with people in the restaurant and bar business, so theyve all but told me that theyd be okay with me drinking (most of them are actually more surprised than anything that I dont drink). Any advice? Do you think Im really missing out, or should I just wait it out until college? Im a junior by the way.		
Help! Alcoholic ex boyfriend		I recently broke up with my alcoholic boyfriend of 3 years. We live together, share a lease, and a cell phone account. After we broke up, it took me a week to realize that i was in denial over his drinking problem. He would drink heavily, emotionally abuse me, call me names, demand I give him money or take him to the store to get more alcohol. One time he threw me into a night stand. I could go on forever, but now I am starting to feel guilty because I was mean to him towards the end of our relationship. I began to resent him and lost all respect for him. I yelled at him, ignored him, and belittled him for drinking. I had tried for years to make him happy, but then I began to try to manipulate him to get him to stop drinking. I feel bad because this is not the person that I am. I am in grad school, studying to be a therapist. I work with substance abuse patients, I love helping people, and I love animals. But I cant help feeling a little bad for being so mean to him. He was such a good person when he was sober. I feel like I have been caught in this giant whirlwind of lies, manipulation, and mind games. I dont know what is going on. Furthermore he has entirely avoided me, our dogs, and our home together. All of his stuff is still in my (our) house, down to his toothbrush. Hes been gone 2 weeks on a bender. He is supposed to give me money to help pay our bills and rent, but he has consistently flaked on me. He has been drinking heavily since. I dont know what to do about all this. HELP!		
What alcohols were around in the year1577 in Bungay		Need help looking mostly abuse of alcohol sites appear.		
How do I deal with alcoholic parents.		Hey, Im a 13 year old girl and I have alcoholic parents. I live with my mom and my step-dad. I never had any sort of relationship with my rel dad because I only have seen him a few times, he left us when I was 3. Well I mostly grew up with my grandparents while my mom was out in other countries, working hard. She wasnt an alcohol addict back then. But then she met my step-dad and he is an alcoholic. They got married and my mother started drinking quite a lot- but she wasnt quite an alcohol addict. Then about one year later, my mother started having these little get togethers with her friends and every weekend, me and my two brothers would have to sit in our rooms, because according to my step-dad, Its not okay for kids to be in adult get togethers. My mom started leaving my little brother (who was 4 then) and going to night clubs, and at one point she was even cheating on my step-dad. Last summer my mom and my step-dad were in a really bad arguement with my grandparents and seeing as I grew up with them, I love them so much more than my actual parents. I could take no more and without realizing it, I yelled at them that they are no more than two alcoholic bastards who dont even care for their children. My mom of course started crying that my grandmother was supposidly taking me away from her, and telling me to stay away from them- but non of that. So the next day we were due to leave for Span, as for our family holiday- but I refused to leave and my mother wasnt even really bothered with me, she didnt even say good-bye, she just took my two brothers and left me with my grandparents. After they came back, they made up with me and my grandparents, and started acting like that night never happened, but every time they tried being sweet to me, I always had this rock on my heart because I knew that it DID happen, and what I said to them was plain truth. So later on, they both got some kind of treatment and some kind of injections that stops you from wanting alcohol, but it only last for a year or so. So today I come back from school and I walk into my moms room, and I see the lights in the bathroom, I walk in and see her drinking. My heart stopped and I just walked out and went to tell my grandmother, she went over to my mom and started talking to her calmly, but my mother started yelling at her and kicking her- it was scary to watch. I also feel sorry for my smallest brother- because my step-dad is his real dad and now our mom is an alcoholic, and I just feel SO bad and I just feel like crying all the time. I just feel like we have no future with parents like that.		
What is the leading cause of teen alcohol abuse		Please include the source of your statistic.	Additional Details PLEASE USE ACTUALLY STATISTICS AND REAL SOURCES!	
What is an alcoholicSomeone whos addicted to alcohol,someone who abuses alcohol,or someone who just drinks..		all the time?		
What health and social problems can drugs and alcohol cause		for my re homework :/ please help xxxx		
Why dont they make alcohol illigal		I dont understand why alcohol is legall when it causes people to become violent...causes liver damage and is addictive.Not to mention the drunk driving deaths ect.It is also a drug.Can someone explain why it is legall?		
What is a tasty alcohol that is very strong			I am wanting a fruity but verry stromg alcohol what is best?	
Why do people drink alcohol when...		...it causes so much destruction? People get unnessisarily killed in car crashes, families are ruined by the sometimes abusive behaviors a drunken family member exhibits (rape, physical abuse, etc), gradual destruction of the physical body...I could go on and on. Ive never drunken any kind of alcoholic beverage and never plan to. It alters your state of mind. It just isnt worth it to ruin your entire life just to get a "buzz." You only have one life...why ruin it? You only have one body on this earth...why destroy it? **Proverbs 23:29-35** " Who has woe? Who has sorrow? Who has contentions? Who has complaints? Who has wounds without cause? Who has redness of eyes? Those who linger long at the wine, Those who go in search of mixed wine. Do not look on the wine when it is red, When it sparkles in the cup, When it swirls around smoothly<SEMCOL> At the last it bites like a serpent, And stings like a viper. Your eyes will see strange things, And your heart will utter perverse things. Yes, you will be like one who lies down in the midst of the sea, Or like one who lies at the top of the mast, saying: They have struck me, but I was not hurt<SEMCOL> They have beaten me, but I did not feel it. When shall I awake, that I may seek another drink?"		
North Carolina alcohol substance abuse program (ASAP) equivalent		Ok so a friend of mine got a DUI/DWI in Virginia but currently lives in North Carolina, So he has to do ASAP or equivalent in North Carolina. I have tried looking up ASAP programs or equivalent but havent found anything, The only thing i could find was community service. Anybody have any info on what he will have to do or who he will have to contact?		
Is the minimum alcohol price a tax that goes to the government		..or will it go into the pockets of supermarkets. If it was a tax it could at least pay off the debt.		
Is a minimum price useful to reduce alcohol consumption		http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2012/m?		
Alcohol and drugs pressure		Im fifteen years old, about to be 16 this september. I still havent done anything bad. But all the time at school i feel pressured to drink and try drugs. Is this normal? What should i do, because i am a little curious. My mom and dad both drink and the worst thing they do is get a hangover. So it really doesnt seem that bad?? ~opinions?		
Poll: Since 1900, alcohol has been mans drink of sorrow			Even now 110 years later when we feel bad we go out and drink..... Its sad.	Additional Details Its sad because man people die because of that ****. Tens of thousands of people die because of alcohol relates crimes drinking while driving **** man alcohol is bad. Its sad because man people die because of that ****. Tens of thousands of people die because of alcohol relates crimes drinking while driving **** man alcohol is bad.
If someone has 10% liver function due to alcohol abuse how long do they have to live				
Alcohol related hypertension		Long story short.. Ive been drinking a lot lately (the past 2 yrs). On average probably 3-7 drinks a night.. sometimes less then three.. sometimes considerably more than 7. I have high blood pressure and Im certain its my drinking.. Im 24 yrs old and at a good weight for my height (57" at 165lbs) and have been eating healthy diet and working out every once in a while. My question is how long could it take for my heightened blood pressure (currently around 144/89) to be restored to normal ranges if I quit drinking alcohol completely, as well as lower my sodium intake and stop drinking caffeine as well? I already drink tons of water.. as I work in a kitchen with temps steady over 100 degrees fahrenheit. I probably drink about 4-6 liters of water a day (thatd be 8-12 16.9 0z bottles) more or less depending on how busy it is at work.		
How to withdraw from marijuana and alcohol			from two days i withdrew marijuana and alcohol but am feeling drowsiness anybody can help me how to overcome this	
Do u think alcohol can be unhealthier than many illegal drugs				
The liver and alcohol....		Is it true that the liver can regenerate itself? If so, why should I be concerned with the amount of alcohol I drink if my liver will repair itself?...		
Can alcohol flush THC out of your system since THC is alcohol soluble 		since THC is alcohol soluble, cant i drink some vodka and flush it out my urine?		
Why do people who are addicted to alcohol more likely to drop out of school		I keep reading that people who are alcoholics in school are more likely to drop out but I havent really understood why.		
20 with an alcohol issues and parents get mad when i get sick and bipolar		i am bipolar but my parents do not know. My grandfather is i had a pycariry give me meds and i never took them and never went back. I have gotten addicted to alcohol as high alcholism runs in my family. They judge me for my issues but i am very depressed with my life. I have no instrests so i do not wanna go to school. My life sucks i work as a baker for 10 bucks an hour overnight what do i do?	Additional Details sorry my spelling sucks but what i meant to say is my grandfather is bipolar to.	
Annually, how many people die from alcohol overdose		Also, Annually how many people die from alcohole related automobile accidents? I want to know this statistics for a video im making about alcohol abuse. Thank you!		
Arent drugs worse than alcohol 20 POINTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1		I am doing a class project in lanugage for "IF ALCOHOL SHOULD BE ILLIGAL LIKE NON PRECRIPTION DRUGS (SUCH AS COCAINE, CRAK, ECSTASY)" I picked that alcohol shoul still be LEGAL like it is now. I need help finding facts stating why it should!!! TRy to tell compare to illigal drugs!!! PLLEEAAASEE AND THANKSSSSSSSS! :DDD		
DRUGS WORSE THAN ALCOHOL! 10 points!		I am doing a class project in lanugage for "IF ALCOHOL SHOULD BE ILLIGAL LIKE NON PRECRIPTION DRUGS (SUCH AS COCAINE, CRAK, ECSTASY)" I picked that alcohol shoul still be LEGAL like it is now. I need help finding facts stating why it should!!! TRy to tell compare to illigal drugs!!! PLLEEAAASEE AND THANKSSSSSSSS! :DDD	Additional Details Try to explain ur thinking juuusstt a tinsy bit kthnx:)	
Drugs or alcohol which is worse!!!		Your Question Arent drugs worse than alcohol??20 POINTS!!!? I am doing a class project in lanugage for "IF ALCOHOL SHOULD BE ILLIGAL LIKE NON PRECRIPTION DRUGS (SUCH AS COCAINE, CRAK, ECSTASY)" I picked that alcohol shoul still be LEGAL like it is now. I need help finding facts stating why it should!!! TRy to tell compare to illigal drugs!!! PLLEEAAASEE AND THANKSSSSSSSS! :DDD		
Abusive relationship drug and alcohol abuse		okay, so my boyfriend is 17, i am 15 and studying my GCSEs. we have been together for 6 months and recently i have started to think i maybe in an abusive relationship. he always threatens me with minor threats but he has threatened to hit me before. whenever we go out together, we smoke cannabis and/or get drunk. i think out relationship is unhealthy, yet i dont want to leave because he would get so angry and i dont know what he would do. he always pokes me and he knows i dont like it yet he still does it even after i tell him not to.he gets angry easily and takes it out on me, not physically. i feel like there is no way out and he would do something really stupid to himself if i left. i feel like there is nothing to our relationship anymore, all it revolves around is drinking and smoking cannabis! ive met a girl who i really like as well, she likes me but we arent together(i am bisexual, but my boyfriend doesnt know that, not even going to bother telling him). i just have no idea what to do. thanks in advance.		
Shakes n panic attacks from alcohol withdrawal		Im having a smoke but my hand is shaking when i hold it up. like each finger is having its own shakes. Im weening my self off with strong beer i only have 5 left so im drinking as slow as possible. Im worried about tonight cause i think ill be out by then. I feel weak, and like my head is very tight. help?		
What are my chances of being an alcoholic			hey guys so my mom and dad tell me all the time i am garenteed going to be an alcoholic if i drink and they tell me never to drink. My dad was addicted to alcohol, my mom drinks, both of my parents parents were alcoholics, and all their siblings have trouble. Is it true what there saying? Should I never drink? Thanks for ur advise	
Is alcohol addictive		I went to this site and there was written that alcohol provides well being and EUPHORIA. Euphoria, to me, is such a strong word. It is a feeling that i never felt after my childhood, even when i make sex. If i felt euphoria drinking alcohol my addiction would be quite strong. I experienced alcohol and i got really really drunk at the point that i could not stand on my feet, i didnt become happier at all. Alcohol just slowed down my reflexes and decisions. I find it quite weird that some people find alcohol addictive and dangerous, i want to try heavier drugs such as heroin, methadone or cocaine. I want to know if the other drugs deserve this big deal people make out of them.		
Alcoholics brain reacts totally differently to alcohol and the same for people addicted to drug or sex		Quote One thing that is sure, an alcoholics brain reacts totally differently to alcohol than that of a social drinker.Quote What do you mean ? Can some on elaborate on this? Note Some doctors believe the DRD2 gene causes some people to be prone to drugs ,drinking ,partying and sex .Not sure how this ties in with the above .		
Alcohol Tolerance Question		I get called an alcoholic a lot by co-workers due to one thing: When I do binge drink, I can drink half a bottle of 40 proof whiskey, hop in the car and drive as if I was sober. I drink beer mostly Victory Golden Monkey, Shiner Heffeweizen, or domestic beers. I hardly drink liquor. I bought a bottle of whiskey for thanksgiving, a bottle of vodka for christmas which both lasted me over a week. (750ml) I watched my grandmother die on the 12th of this month and before and after her funeral I did binge drink, A 750ml bottle of Jim Beam Black in less than 48 hours. I wasnt stumbling drunk or experiencing slurred speech, just the obvious smell on my breath. On the other hand when I drink beer, I tend to buy a six pack and ration it out over 6 days. I usually get beer on the weekends, but I havent drink since the funeral. If I drink more than 1 beer I go from having a buzz to sober on the second beer. Is it different for everyone, or is something a-miss with my liver? BTW, 24 year old male. 300lbs 62"		
What do alcoholics resort to once they give up drinking		Are there things that help them not to go back to that lifestyle besides meetings and sponsors?		
What must i do nowTwo sons 26 and 21 abusing alcohol and dagga,have got help for them still lying to me and				
Do I have an unhealthy relationship with alcohol	di		Earlier this month I went on holiday and for 4 days straight I drank jager bombs, vodka red bull morning and night - throughout this time my stomach was understandably really sensitive so I hardly ate, I barely ate 1 meal a day. Since I came back, I acknowledged I was on the verge of having a problem as I was craving alcohol throughout the day whilst at work. Due to the good weather I have about 2/3 drinks at lunch time at the local pubs - I try not to do this everyday. This week, I only went out for drinks at lunch 2/3 times. During the evenings, I have drunk 4/5 evenings this week. Yesterday was probably the worst - I had 6 drinks (2 jager bombs and 4 cocktails such as raspberry freezes and malibu woo woos) and 4 apple sour shots. I felt a bit tipsy but not drunk, its quite frustrating how I havent been drunk yet. Is this because Ive built up a tolerance to alcohol? On one of the days I had a vodka lemonade, white wine then red wine which was vile but definitely gave me a kick. I dont drink at all on the weekends - mainly because Im not allowed to drink. Is my relationship with alcohol that concerning that I need to take action? I dont think Im becoming an addict but I do acknowledge that I am drinking a lot more than before...	Additional Details I am also noticing that my memory over the past weeks events is kind of hazy but I should point out that I was not sick at any point and did not black out. I am also noticing that my memory over the past weeks events is kind of hazy but I should point out that I was not sick at any point and did not black out.
How long does alcohol show up in a blood test		My mother is an alcoholic. She claims she has stopped drinking but her suspicious behaviour and slurring of her speech make me believe that as usual she is lying. She has just got better at hiding her drinking. Her husband and mother (my grandmother) swear that she is telling the truth but they always defend her and are the last to accept it when she is drinking. It has always been that way and I understand why they want to believe that but its really frustrating. My mother had a small operation last week, before which she had to be dry and had a blood test. The blood test was clear. I completely expected this as the last time I spoke her her and thought shed been drinking was 3 or 4 days before the op. Im pretty sure she then avoided drink because there were no oportunities to buy it and because she knew she had a blood test coming up. So my grandmother takes the blood test to mean that she hasnt been drinking at all but I swear she has. My grandmother says the test can tell whether she has been drinking in the past few weeks or months. I know it remains in your spinal cord for a year but my GP told me that the blood test would only show alcohol consumed within at most 48 hours. She said they wouldnt have bothered looking for markers of alcohol abuse outside this time since they already know she is an alcoholic. All they care about it that there is no alcohol in her system at the time of the operation. So who is right, my grandmother or my GP? I know it sounds like an obvious question but when you have someone trying to convince you of something every day you start to doubt yourself. I feel like Im going mad!		
Why should alcohol be banned		We are having a debate in class and I am in favour of restricting or banning alcohol. I have found some advantages or pros. Still , from what I have seen here or in other sites most people are against it (prohibition failed in 1920-1930 , etc.) Am I lost in this debate. Is there any way I can win it?		
Chest pains all day the next day after consuming high amounts of alcohol		I need to know whats causing this. The left side of my chest hurts everytime I laugh or cough and my heart has been racing all day..especially when I stand up. I also have a pretty stressful life so i suppose that could be contributing. Ok, so I usually smoke a pack of cigs a day and drink an 18 pack. Sometimes I smoke a little synthetic marijuana. Dont do any other drugs anymore, but used to abuse any benzo or opiate I could get my hands on...and been smoking the synthetic weed for awhile. like a year or 2. Anyway, I dont need anyone educating me on how bad drugs are.		
Long term effects of alcohol and lortab abuse				
How to deal with an alcohol abusing mother		Im 18 and my mom drinks all the time and started before I was born. I hardly see her anymore now that I am at college and live with my boyfriend. She is rarely ever sober now besides a few times a week during the day while she is at work. She calls me looking for a fight and when I dont answer she leaves me nasty voice mails all day long. I realize I cant make her change, she has to want to. I feel like the only thing I can do is confront her when she is sober and open her eyes as to how she acts when she drinks and let her decide from there. Ive been planning on making a CD of all the voice mails she has left me over a period of time (since I havent seen her in person to video record her and Im not sure if recording phone conversations is legal) and giving it to her while she is sober. I realize this might not change anything and if it does it wont be over night. But Im hopeful. Has anybody done something similar (voice/video recording, etc) and shown the person while they were sober? What were the results, good or bad?	Additional Details Chelsea, thats what Ive been thinking. Shes on the verge of losing it all (house, job, me) etc. and Im trying to help her realize that. And Ive tried that in the past (not speaking to her again) but never stuck to it. Did it work for you? I feel so guilty. Because she still did raise me and was a good mother when she was sober. But her drinking is so much more stress on me.	
PLEASE HELP!! How can I give my boyfriend support during his struggle of addiction with marijuana and alcohol		I noticed that ever since he decided to stop, hes been very angry.Its been effecting our relationship. The reason why hes going to stop drinking is because he doesnt know his limit and his family and I are afraid of something obviously happening. How can I be supportive with this? We are obviously young (23) and we use to go out to dinner or a bar and have some drinks (this is effecting our relationship as well) now we cant even do that. I never been addicted to anything, but Im sure its hard. He doesnt want to stop cold turkey with marijuana because there are obviously with drawls. He tried it for a few days but he was having a horrible time sleeping at night and was going through severe depression and anxiety. He only smokes once a day (at night to sleep) as a pose to being high all day. Question is how can I help him fight this battle I love him but this is very hard. Its harder than I thought. Please HELP!		
Can a doctor lose his job if people find out he went into alcohol treatment		My doctor friend admits he has a bad drinking problem but fears he will lose his job if he is found out If he gets treatment or goes to a detox or rehab .. ..i say everyone probably already knows , and now a days treatment is looked upon as making a better employee..I dont know what the rules are here in new york		
Um why do people blow tons of money on drugs and alcohol		My friend told me she spends all her money that she works for on drugs and booze. I shook my head in disbelief. She spends $1000 on booze and drugs every month. Are there actual people like this..? Also, to be honest what is so good about drinking? All my friends do it. Every weekend my Friends drink. I dont go because its so boring. Whats the point?		
Why isnt alcohol and cigarettes illegal when they are unhealthier than weed				
How do people get addicted to alcohol		I can understand smoking, it makes you feel relaxed and makes waiting for people/buses/trains so much less boring. I can understand drugs, they make you feel good and yeah, you crave for that feeling again. But alcohol just burns when you drink it, makes you feel dizzy and makes you slur your words, causes you to vomit at the end of the night. Its absolutely horrible, I dont understand how people can even enjoy being drunk, never mind being addicted to the feeling.		
Why is alcohol legal but pot is not		Ok I have a question that has been bugging me. Ok so alcohol is legal but pot isnt. Both can make you loopy and have hallucinations, but marijuana is less likely to kill you then alcohol is? Have nothing against either one, I think they are both fine as long as you dont abuse either one. But how come something that has been proven to help with medical problems, has no terrible side effects, has been proven pretty safe (its not completely safe or healthy) can be illegal, while something that can cause you to do stupid things, can kill you if you have to much, can kill innocent people, can send you to the hospital is legal?		
Caffeine causes anxiety, should i expect this with alcohol		i get pretty good panic from drinking even half of a 12oz coke. if i were to take a couple shots would i be to expecting the same or id even assume maybe it would REDUCE any anxiety? the only reason i ask is it would suck to have to deal with a night of bad anxiety and not be able to take a pill for it due to the alcohol in my stomach. I know everybody is an individual, and different chemicals, yada yada. input?		
Marijuana Vs alcohol			I was having a discussion with my friend on weed and alcohol. He smokes weed about every 2-3 days, where I will drink alcohol and get drunk about once a fortnight. In my opinion, consuming that amount of alcohol is not as harmful as smoking that much weed (and yes I know that they are both harmful and it is better not having them at all). He says that if you look at the drinking culture, people become aggressive and do stupid things, where people smoking weed become calm and generally happy. I agree with him about the drinking culture but to be honest I dont think the culture of weed is that great either. I dont like the concept of people sitting around like mindless zombies not really doing much other than talking about weird ****. I have done my research on the harmful effects of weed and although some of the facts have not been fully proven, it doesnt sound too great. It also opens the gate way to harder drugs where I have seen many people take that path, and some even become psychotic from smoking a lot of weed. Dont get me wrong, Im not ignorant and have tried weed several times to see what everyone talks about. It really wasnt that great in my opinion. When I try to worry to my friend that smoking that much weed isnt healthy, he always shuts me down and says "well look at what alcohol does to people". He has already tried cocaine and MDMA lately which he says he only wanted to see what it was like. Not saying that he is going to become some full blown drug addict but I agree with that fact that weed can open the gate to harder drugs, He also always defends Marijuana like most people who take any drug do. Basically my question is, what is your opinion on this subject? What harmful effects come from smoking weed that you have experience personally? Thanks :)	Additional Details Like I said, I have done my research on weed - looked up articles that are for and against it. Obviously in many countries weed is illegal. I am fairly sure that if weed was legal society would see many more effects from the drug (whether it would be good or bad) because more people would be taking it therefore seeing these effects would be more frequent. Because alcohol is legal, we see these effects regularly because there is a vast amount of people consuming more alcohol than marijuana. The article that was just posted was interesting - Thank you!
Why isnt alcohol considered a drug like weed			they basically are the same although i noticed from experience & by observing others that alcohol tends to bring out the aggressive side of someone unlike weed which can chill someone or make em really paranoid in my opinion alcohol is worst because of the fact that its legal & advertised, so people think its ok, some kids cant wait til they 21 so they can start buying the stuff legit.... personally i dont smoke or drink anymore i quit a long long time ago & im not going there again i just notice how many people drink, & sometimes i talk to these drinkers & they say that they not drug addicts & isnt it silly how some think they can handle it or "they know how to drink"	
My dad is an alcoholic and wont admitt it 		When he drinks a little bit and runs out Id liquor he yell at me and my mom for the stupidest things how can I get him to stop drinking		
I cant find happiness outside of drugs and alcohol. help		i got a dui awhile back and im on this program where i get rendomly drug and alcohol tested. when i was 16 i started smoking weed socially with friends. then it went a little farther. i started doing coke and ecstact. then i started doin meth. then pills. ive went on a binge with just about everything. and im convinced. im not addicted to A drug. im addicted to anything that bends my mind. i did all that, blew all my money for 5 years straight. im 21 now. and even though im getting randomly drug and alcohol tested, i have been sober for 4 months and all i can think about is how bad i just want to smoke again. or drink. or anything. my life isnt terrible, i have a girlfriend, i am VERY well liked. but.... everybody told my i would be so much happier if i quit drugs. so i did. then they said to replace the "getting high times" with something else so i started writing music, lifting weights, got a girlfriend... but i still want to get high. day by day. i watch my friends get high, talk about getting high. and i want to SO BAD. i dont so much want to get back into the hard drugs, my friend just recently died from an overdose 03/23/12 so im freaked out my opiates and whatnot. but i need help from somebody. anybody. thanks	Additional Details ----im also agoraphobic. mildly. so i dont like going out. and i also really really really dont like people i dont know. its almost a socialphobia... but yes outside of that people seem to like me.	
Woman with alcoholic past and pain pill addiction has toothache		My Girlfriend went to rehab three years ago for addiction to Xanax and Alcohol. She relapsed about a year later and spent the next two years abusing BOTH, including PAIN PILLS when she could get them although her preference was XAX and along with a new one, ADDERALL! She had a tooth break off in her mouth and cause her problems with pain recently. Today she told me that she went to the ER and the Doctor gave her a prescription for a few Percocets. I asked if he knew her history and she says she told him. She also says it was her AA sponsor that gave her a ride to the ER. I told her thats slippery slope back to a relapse and she responded that she was addicted to XAX not opiates. Its splitting hairs to me. So my question is should the doctor have prescribed those to her and SHOULD she take them?		
Why is it when you get in accident with drugs the cops go after the supplier, but not with alcohol		Drugs are illegal, but beer/alcohol is allowed, WTF? Prohibition would work today, cause back then they did not have the technology that they now have to monitor the problem.		
How do I know if someone has an alcohol/drug problem		I have a friend that used to have some problems with substance abuse years ago, and he?s also told me before that still when he?s stressed he goes home and drinks by himself. Then ever since he had a rough breakup about 6 months ago, he?s been acting like this: *He doesn?t usually seem like the same person anymore. He feels like a stranger. But there are sometimes that I see him that he does act like his old self, so I never know what to expect from him anymore. *He doesn?t always make sense now. Like when we just walked into my house from outside and he said, ?It?s really raining now.? I looked out the window and it wasn?t raining at all. Then he said, ?Oh yeah, well it was raining this morning.? *The other day he forgot to give me the papers he was supposed to give me, and the next day he didn?t even realize he hadn?t given them to me (totally uncharacteristic of him). When I told him, he said, ?Oh, well I was really out of it last night.? *Not only does he not act like himself most of time, but he doesn?t write like himself either. He used to write very neatly, but now his writing is sloppy. *He used to always pay close attention to everything, but a lot of times lately he doesn?t pay any attention to what?s going on around him. *He used to be really talkative with people but now he?s usually quiet. And when he does talk to people now he?s usually ranting, like, ?I got stuck behind a stupid school bus. It?s like, holy ****, why can?t they just make the kids walk?! ?? He never used to be like that. *He always used to care how I felt, but now he doesn?t even seem to notice how I feel. *He used to have such a great memory but now he doesn?t. Thoughts? Because Im honestly not quite sure what to think about how hes been acting in recent months!	Additional Details He used to be the most stable, kind, caring, logical person I knew. But I don?t even recognize him anymore, the way he?s been acting lately. He used to be the most stable, kind, caring, logical person I knew. But I don?t even recognize him anymore, the way he?s been acting lately.	
Am I an alcoholic for drinking 12 beers a night			Now I never saw a problem with my drinking until I told one of my friends that I drank at least a 12 pack a night and that I dont really get that drunk. He said that I might be an alcoholic because if he drinks 6 beers he starts to get drunk. My friend use to be a drug addict, so it worries me when he says this. Bear in mind, I have a steady job and only drink after I get off work. On the days I have off, I wait till about 4pm to start drinking. And of course I dont drive when I have been drinking. Oh and I am 22.	
Marijuana, cigarrette, and alcohol debate, long but just tell me if this makes some sense		A lot of people argue about whether or not marijuana should be legal. I dont smoke but my reasons dont matter. When I try to be as non-biased as possible I end up with an odd conclusion that doesnt support what I personally believe. Okay so this is my logic, marijuana contains 3 times the number of carcinogens as cigarettes but the only reason weed doesnt tend to cause cancer from these carcinogens is because typically people dont use as much weed as tobacco smokers use tobacco. So if weed is this harmful it would make sense that it is illegal. But then people would say Im a hypocrit because Im not against tobacco and alcohol. These two are actually more addicting than weed. Tobacco causes so many deaths and from its general method of use is annoying when people use it around you. So tobacco should also be illegal because tobacco products kill so many people. However the tobacco product manufacturers have so much money and support they would never allow a politician to get elected if he or she threatened to completely illegalize tobacco products. I would also say that under the same logic that alcohol should be illegalized since it is addictive and kills. But smoke gets blown into peoples faces and permanently trashes rooms and cars and can cause fires. As long as you dont drink alcohol to excess youll be fine and wont disturb those around you. So my logical conclusion is to criminalize tobacco and not legalize weed. However, i would not feel comfortable giving this much power to the government, John Lockes social contract theory, in exchange for what they so for me. So instead I think that a suitable arrangement would be to decriminalize marijuana but fine people for possession as well as possession of tobacco. Then fines could be used to pave roads and build schools. If people really wanted to smoke they could they just had to risk a fine. However repeat offenders could have problems with healthcare coverage since it could cause greater risk of cancer		
Are the effects of alcoholism easily reversed or permanent				
Does he have an alcohol/drug problem		I have a friend that used to have some problems with substance abuse years ago, and he?s also told me before that still when he?s stressed he goes home and drinks by himself. Then ever since he had a rough breakup about 6 months ago, he?s been acting like this: *He doesn?t usually seem like the same person anymore. He feels like a stranger. But there are sometimes that I see him that he does act like his old self, so I never know what to expect from him anymore. *He doesn?t always make sense now. Like when we just walked into my house from outside and he said, ?It?s really raining now.? I looked out the window and it wasn?t raining at all. Then he said, ?Oh yeah, well it was raining this morning.? *The other day he forgot to give me the papers he was supposed to give me, and the next day he didn?t even realize he hadn?t given them to me (totally uncharacteristic of him). When I told him, he said, ?Oh, well I was really out of it last night.? *Not only does he not act like himself most of time, but he doesn?t write like himself either. He used to write very neatly, but now his writing is sloppy. *He used to always pay close attention to everything, but a lot of times lately he doesn?t pay any attention to what?s going on around him. *He used to be really talkative with people but now he?s usually quiet. And when he does talk to people now he?s usually ranting, like, ?I got stuck behind a stupid school bus. It?s like, holy ****, why can?t they just make the kids walk?! ?? He never used to be like that. He used to be the most stable, kind, caring, logical person I knew. *He always used to care how I felt, but now he doesn?t even seem to notice how I feel. *He used to have such a great memory but now he doesn?t. Thoughts? Because Im honestly not quite sure what to think about how hes been acting in recent months!		
How long do you have to abuse alcohol to develop heart problems/liver problems		okay im 19 years old, i just turned 19 on october 25th, ive recently developed a drinking problem for over a year now. I started drinking originally when i was 12 but back then i wasnt hooked on it, i only drank at christmas parties that my family threw once a year and i barely finished a 12 ounce can when i was age 12-16. Then in december 2009 it was the most drunk i got at the christmas parties since ive been going,back then i was able to go up to 11 months without drinking again. December 2010 is when i began to fly off the handle with drinking alcohol. My father god rest his soul, was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer on october 28th 2010, and on january 12th 2011 he died, he was only 66 years old and i was only 18. I watched him deteriorate and cough up blood and even now im still shocked that hes gone. After experimenting with 4 lokos in december 2010, i went on binges from january to august 2011. yes sometimes i could last 14 or 15 days without a drink but id slip up again. I still had problems with the drinking this year as well. I had binges in september, october, november, and december of 2011. I found that its much easier to stop but the cravings are still there. My greving process has gotten better since the end of february 2012, and ive been plugging away without depression and ive been loving life, life has been good lately i cant complain. But I discovered that even on good days when im not greiving or having a bad day, i still wanna drink. Im addicted to the buzzed feeling that alcohol gives you, that "high" feeling so to speak. That brings me to my question: is there a name of a medication that helps stop alcohol cravings? my therapist wants me to see a psychiatrist so he can prescribe something to help me stop drinking. and also how long does it take to damage your body from alcohol use, ive abused it for over a year in large quantities is my heart damaged? can i get diabetes? is my liver badly damaged? or do i have to drink for years and years to cause that? i heard drinking excessively can cause A-FIB and heart problems do i have to worry about that at my age? P.S: I just have to say that i have come a long way, after an entire year of taking care of my father, then watching him die i was depressed for months. Then in september and october of 2011 i was still depressed, i was so despondant i didnt want to leave the house or hang out with friends, i just couldnt bare the thought of living without him. Then the greiving got better and my life has turned around for the better, if i can only get my drinking under control. To all of you out there that lost a loved one IT IS POSSIBLE TO FEEL GOOD AGAIN AND ENJOY LIFE, cause i thought i would be depressed forever and i made it.		
Why am i not allowed to drink alcohol at home for 12 months		so I got a DUI , my first one. This may seem like a dumb question but one of my many punishments is no alcohol for 12 months with random screening and tests. Why?I mean, I am not allowed to drive for three months so why cant I have a glass of wine at home at the end of the day. and what happens if the test comes back positive? Please help.	Additional Details i am not underage at all....mid 30s. i dont understand. I didnt want to ask my lawyer or judge or cops cause I dont want them to think I am planning on drinking but I dont see why this is necessary	
Can rubbing alcohol make you pass out		I was getting a air brush tattoo today and the person who was doing it messed it up a few times and they use alcolohol to clean it once they make a mistake after smelling it and passed out for 30 seconds and woke up being carried to a hospital? Is this common?		
My dad is an alcoholic; help stop him				
Would 49 milligrams of Xanax mixed with alcohol kill you			Please dont give me an answer like "it is very dangerous" I just want to know yes or no if this will most likely kill you. Just say if you took 49 milligrams and a few shots of bourbon?	
How much is a safe amount of Xanax to mix with alcohol		Im asking because I know friends who mix this drug with alcohol and I heard these 2 are a very bad combination. Would 20 milligrams of Xanax mixed with like quarter of a bottle of bourbon kill you most likely?		
Why do people drink alcohol or/and smoke when they know that they can get cancer or heart problems from it				
Does drinking alcohol lengthen the time of xanax withdrawl				
Does having Liver Failure from alcoholism cause hepatitis c				
Can drinking alcohol in excess cause heart palpitations or a-fib		Many of you who have read my questions in the past know I have a problem with alcohol, I abuse alcohol from time to time, why I do it is irrelavent, the good news is: THIS TIME I ACTUALLY DECIDED TO STOP, for real this time. But I heard that alcohol abuse can cause "Holiday Heart" a condition that weakens the heart. Im scared because Ive been at it for over a year now, doing binges with beer, hard liquor, and 4 lokos, january 2011 is when I started abusing alcohol and yesterday I when I decided to stop, I get heart palpitations due to my caffeine allergy, and I had caffeine today, but Im scared that I caused long-term damage to my heart because of drinking. Right now it feels like my heart is beating too fast, just please tell me that a year and 4 months of on and off binges isnt enough to damage the heart, I just hope that Im stopping in time before damaging my organs, this is a serious question guys Im a hypochondriac and Im afraid I have A-fib or a weak heart. I feel so bad about what I did to my body and Im afraid I permanately damaged it. I cant stop worrying about it		
How safe is it to take Rosuvastatin (Crestor) 40 mg and drink alcohol		I am 39, had a NSTEMI heart attack in RCA with mininal damage last year which revealed serious and widespread athersclerosis, apparently due to familial hypercholesterol. I used to smoke cannabis regularly. Now I drink 2-3 units per day, sometimes more, and my liver values were a little elevated the last time I checked. I was recommended to abstain completely from alcohol although I am not willing to suffer too much, I am being asked to abstain from too many things to the point of not enjoying life....		
Need help with paracetamol and alcohol abuse			I really hate hospitals and I really do not want to go, but I feel like I am dying right now so please tell me if you think I should DEFIANTLY go to the hospital for this. I took around 10 paracetamol and drank a whole bottle of alcohol. But now I have stomach pain, like stabbing in the bottom of my stomach which is making me curl up in a ball it kills. I have been to the toilet and my poop was runny and horrible and I feel very sick but I havent yet been sick. So what do you think? Shall I just wait it out and stop being such a baby?	
Can I drink alcohol while in treatment with Ritalin (ADHD medication)		If I take the medication in the morning and I go to a party at night, can I drink? And Ritalin alongside with Roacutan? Ive been diagnosed by a psychologist with ADHD, shes gonna refer me to a psychiatrist and she said I will probably take Ritalin. I live in Brazil where Ritalin is legal.		
My friend has to confront her alcoholic mother		I have a friend from work thats mom has recently been put into a mandatory AA rehab type program. She has to write a letter about how her moms alcoholism is affecting her and her family, and read it to her in front of a big group. She has to read it tomorrow and I would like to text her something before she does it. We are mainly work friends but usually stick together at work parties and text a little but I had to write a similar letter to my dad and weve talked about that a bit because I can tell shes putting up a front about how its no big deal but Im not stupid lol She does open up to me about it because I think she feels comfortable knowing Im not some outsider ya know. Anyway what should I say if anything?		
My supposedly alcoholism help a real question and looking for real answer			ive been on an off drinking for probably my entire teen hood, and today i just need clearance. ive just been so addicted to being drunk, at the same time i hate it but gotten so used to it buy just being able to have access to alco. my parents never cared for alco so there was always access to it. now whilst writing this i feel stupid admitting i think im an alcoholic. i cannot physically function without alcohol. i thought alcoholism was just some made up cause but i see it isnt now. im sick of abuse and mistrust and theres no other way i know how to cure it. ive tried counseling in the past, but alcohol has always been the only thing there for me. this is stupid and sounds attention seeking but i wanna stop alco, but dont know how. can some people who know how to help please answer, i really need the help	Additional Details thanks those two first answers. ive thought of it. im in australia and theres hardly any help. i never knew drinking was so addictive. i just want help so much its bad cause im drunk now.shhit i wish i wasnt dependant on something. thank you to the ones that have given causely advice,i am serious about this and just want to have help for alcholol, i always though it was just an excuse i never thought i was one, thank you to the ones who have tried to help
Do alcoholics get donars		Im 14 and i was just wondering if alcoholics get donars(organs) because if i did plan in the future to donate then I wouldnt want an alcoholic or drug addict to waste it .		
Drinking alcohol is so stupid!		Okay...Im 17 y/o and I told my mom to buy wine (it was part of a recipe)... Yesterday, I decided that Ill drink some. I just wanted to get drunk and try to escape reality so I wont be so depressed. Worse mistake I ever made... When I was drinking it, it tasted so awful and it burned my throat. After awhile, I started feeling weak. When I went to sleep and woke up to go to school, I felt so terrible. It feels like it actually made me sick. That was not my first time drinking btw, Ive drunk many kinds of alcohol before and got the same feeling every time. Now I wonder, what the hell is up with people?! Why the hell will anyone find it addicting?! Ive never drunk alcohol and became addicted to it. I didnt even get "drunk" even if I drink a lot of it. I never even experienced being drunk in my life. Alcohol just seems like a big waste of time. If you drink alcohol, why do you drink it?! Do you do it to look "cool"?! It taste awful and have no special feeling to it. It didnt even slow my reaction time, and I still felt depressed, what the hell?! If someone is addicted to alcohol, that is a big fail on their part. I dont know how anyone can be addicted to something that taste so awful and doesnt even make you experience pleasure.		
Do you believe that substance abuse ( alcohol / drugs) is a disease or lack of will power 		As Gov. of MA during the height of the heroin/ OxyContin epidemic you closed half of the states treatment centers and was in danger of losing Fed money because the state was not putting up the minimum.		
Difference of alcohol abuse than say alcoholism		What is the difference of alcohol abuse than alcoholism. Is alcoholism where you feel sick when you not drinking and alcohol abuse is you drink 3 to 4 times a week.But you do not feel sick the other 3 or 4 days in week you not drinking.		
I have a problem with drinking alcohol. Please help		Okay, Im not addicted or anything. But its happened a few times now, where I would drink and then black out. It feels embarrassing waking up to texts like "Hey, are you still alive? LOL". How do I control myself? I find myself drink a lot, and then when I feel a buzz I keep drinking and then reach my limit and then pass out. PLEASE HELP! How should I fix this habit?		
Alcohol consumption/abuse demograhpics		Im having a hard time finding data for alcohol consumption and/or abuse by gender, age, race, marital status, employment status, and other characteristics such as these. Does anyone know where I can find data on this?		
Which is worse, being a pot addict or an alcoholic		Just asking, am curious as to what people think on this topic. A little more information is that the pot has been taken in normal doses about twice a week during the weekends and is always taken in a safe environment. The drinking is done in clubs really. Anyways, just curious.		
Alcohol and the liver. 1 bottle of wine a night, how long before liver failure		The only answers i want to hear are from medical professionals or people who actually know the answer. If a person drinks a bottle of wine every night how long will it be before their liver fails or they die from something else. If the person is about 50 years old		
If i drink 3-4 glasses of wine everyday does that make me an alcoholic				
If you had to choose to be addicted to Alcohol or Marijuana		Which substance would you rather be or have someone else be addicted to? Marijuana or Alcohol? Alcohol addiction = killing sprees, murdering families, horrible stomach aches, kidney stones, mad diahrea Marijuana addiction = complacent, gets rid of violence, watch too much movies, laugh a lot	Additional Details If there was only marijuana (no alcohol) i would drink a lot of water, juice, maybe some soda if there was only alcohol (ie beer) = lot of buffalo wings, and binge drinking a lot of liquor DUI accidents about the same rate 1 or 2 idiots will commit suicide for fun while high on marijuana	
What happens if an alcoholic gets pregnant		Will the baby automatically be damaged? Will it be born deformed or addicted to alcohol? Or will it be okay if she stops drinking? Please only respond if you actually know the answer! Through medical knowledge or experience. Dont just speculate "drinking is bad" etc etc,		
What is the job where you help alcoholics recover		i dont want to help people with drugs for personal reasons but i would like to help people that would like to recover from being an alcoholic. also if anyone could give me some info on the job and where i could go to look into it. thankyou:)		
Is this considered being an alcoholic		My bf is 22 years old and he drinks anywhere from 1-3 beers a day during the weekdays when he has school and then maybe like 4-6 beers on weekends. Is this considered being an alcoholic or is it just a young guy thing? He is obsessed with beer and beer brewing and really wants his career to have to do with something in that industry. But is his drinking amount considered a problem or normal?	Additional Details Yeah he gets drunk on weekends, not drunk on weekdays. I dont know, I assume its normal because all of our friends drink and get drunk every weekend too. Im just more concerned about him in particular. Yeah he gets drunk on weekends, not drunk on weekdays. I dont know, I assume its normal because all of our friends drink and get drunk every weekend too. Im just more concerned about him in particular.	
Im scared Im losing my cousin to drugs and alcohol. How can I help him		My cousin and I grew up together and he means the world to me. He lost his dad a few years ago and ever since then, he hasnt been the same. He lives in another state, but I tried to be there and tell him I was always here for him every time Id see him. He quickly got into music and found an outlet with that. It wasnt long after he began partying. Now all he does is drink and although Im sure he has done other drugs, he has become very heavy into marijuana. Is there anything I can do to help my cousin at this point? Im so scared for him. He is very talented and intelligent, but is going down the wrong path. I wish him all the success in the world with his music, but I just dont think his mind is in the right place and Im worried for him. Does anyone have any advice for me?		
On The Young and the Restless how did Nikki become and alcoholic years ago		Im trying to remember was it the lost of a child or was it and accident?		
Alcohol withdrawal help.........		Ive been getting drunk every day for months and recently tried to take myself off of alcohol and my hands were shaking uncontrollably to the point I could barely write my name on a piece of paper. I felt horribly anxious and had this horrible "needing something" feeling in my body and I drank a few beers and that feeling went away and I have to say that was a strong alcohol craving. I used alcohol to cope with some things that Im not gonna say but I dont wanna be addicted to it anymore so I can control myself... I cant stand something (alcohol) controlling me. Is there any way I can quit cold turkey and not have the horrible anxious "needing something" feeling that makes me wanna come out of my seat? And the shakes?	Additional Details I want cold turkey because I tried to taper off by only drinking 2 or 3 drinks but once I started drinking, I couldnt stop...	
Does alcoholism cause this		Emotional abuse, saying mean things and not remembering they said it and trying to hurt me to "**** with" my mind What causes it? I know alcohol is a depressant But what causes the emotional suppression that is compensation for "not being able to handle" them?		
Can you help me with this alcohol question			years ago there was a alcoholic drink that everyone was addicted to... it was make from<SEMCOL> <SEMCOL> bones <SEMCOL> urine <SEMCOL> bone meal? <SEMCOL> suphuric acid. but i dont know the name of it... could you tell me?	
How long doe it take to get a PHYSICAL addiction to alcohol as in going through a DT situation		Ive been drinking for about 24 years...Started in college (never in High School as I am Catholic...) and Ive noticed that if I drink (Im a liquor drinker) between 3-5 days straight...Which means like morning drinking and drinking throughout the day constantly...When I try to stop its a PHYSICAL problem...Please let me know about your experiences or knowledge... Thank you very much		
Can you die from alcohol poisioning even if your not drunk		My buddy was up for 3 days smoking meow-meow (basically synthetic meth that is legal) and the whole time he was drinking R & R (whiskey) straight and drank over three forties of it. He said though, the whole time he wasnt drunk, even though that is an unhuman amount of alcohol. Could he just have died at any moment or was he good to go because he wasnt drunk? Hes 20, 5 feet 5 inches and weighs 140. Hes always been an alcoholic (getting stomach ulcers at 17 from alcohol) but this is ridiculous. Is he gonna die soon or what?		
What if your count is low, your red cells are large, youre not low on iron or b12 and yo dont abuse alcohol				
How to deal with my alcoholic abusive father 		my father is a downright jerk and a A**HOLE , he constantly drinks and he cannot handle the liquor , he would come home and quarrel with me and my mom and abuse us , he would curse the neighbors badly and , i am totally fed up of him and i wish i could either get out of the country move out or get rid of him which is hard , o did i mention im only (16) ? . well yes i am , still going to school has no job my mom salary isnt good , and i am really stressed out right now , just feeling to jump off a cliff :( , please give me some suggestions , how to cope or deal with this situation!!!		
Marijuana better for you than tobacco/alcohol		Having a bit of a debate with my friend. Why does the government legalize tobacco and alcohol, but keeps cannabis illegal? This is just what i have been told. But apparently cannabis helps to slow down the growth of tumors. There has been no direct links of cannabis and death. There has been no proof whatsoever that cannabis causes cancer. And cannabis is only really bad for you when your brain is still developing (under 24y/os) Is this true? Just want some more peoples opinions. Ive recently given up smoking tobacco, i only smoked for around a year having about 2 a day. How much damage has this done to me? Im 15 nearly 16.. and yes i was trying to be one of the cool kids trying to get popular at school by smoking. Now ive realised that it was a stupid idea. To start with i didnt even like it but i started liking it more and more. Ive gone 2 months now without inhaling ANYTHING but i miss it SO much. I have done cannabis a few times now. Whats the least harmful out of:- Cannabis Tobacco Alcohol? Basically i want do cannabis occasionally to have a good time when i go out (e.g. my 16th birthday party in a months time) BUT my friends saying that alcohol is less harmful.. personally i believe cannabis isnt harmful.. which one is least harmful? One thing i know for sure is i am not doing tobacco anymore because ive got this far so am not doing any more because it will trigger me off to start smoking cigs again. Thanks if youve read all of this,any advice / experience / knowledge accepted :)		
Why is Alcohol treated differently from other drugs			An overdose on alcohol is known as "Alcohol Poisoning" - a term that seems less serious than "Drug Overdose". Addicts to this drug are not considered "Drug addicts", they are considered "Alcoholics". This is a very light and seemingly harmless term to describe an addict to a dangerous and potentially life-threatening drug.	
Is my roommate an alcoholic			Something is really off with my roommate, a 50-year-old woman I rent a room from. She keeps making really stupid comments to me about how I live and nags me on the stupidest, pettiest things that are none of her business. I bought a book from Amazon and when she saw the package she proceeded to comment on how much I spend online, even though I never had anything delivered before. She also has 4 cats and a dog and I hate all of them. She lets them wreck her entire condo with their sharp claws and never trains them to behave. Theyre also very unsanitary so I cant even use the kitchen. They own the entire condo and tear up anything rippable, and poop on everything else. Recently, she has been getting a lot worse. She stores a lot of cheap, disgusting liquor in the fridge. She has this cheap wine in a sealed bag and she drinks 2-3 glasses of it each night. I avoid her so I dont know if she drinks more than that. She came up to me in a drunken rage a few days ago accusing me of gypping her on rent. I gave her the spreadsheet showing the costs I deducted and she still insisted I was gypping her. I left the condo when I realized she was drunk. Shes become increasingly hostile. My Mom came to visit and she was abhorred by the state of the condo, and told me my roommate is "not dealing a full deck" and I need to move out ASAP as soon as my work contract is renewed. Is my roommate an alcoholic? Or is she just crazy?	
Why do Teenage kids 14-18 think its big to drink alcohol		Mostly pointed towards girls, The slutish ones who like to act like theyre boss, Why do you think its big to drink alcohol, Mostly Vodka and boast about it? Also why do you feel the need to post a picture of your 2 bottles of Vodka, your Malibu and a 29 pence bottle of Coca cola from Tesco on Facebook with a description of "This will be fun" or "Tonight were gonna get smashed" Are you just immature, needing attention, think its attractive or just mentally retarded? Thank you!	Additional Details Im 17, And I drink but in moderate amounts, few beers every other night to make me feel good:) Theres no point in getting smashed, Reasons why, 1. You cant remember anything the next day, So how is it fun? 2. You feel light headed and sick the night you drink? fun? no..... 3. The next morning you feel like youve been beaten up.	
I have been taking lorezapam for 4 day for alcohol detox am I addicted. Do I just stop				
I fear my boyfriend has a problem with alcohol abuse. Need advice.		I refrain from using the word "alcoholic" because I dont feel like he is dependent on alcohol, however when he does drink (3 or 4 times a month) he drinks to the point of slurring his speech, becomes argumentative, or just gets loud and obnoxious. He works hard all week and is in grad school, so his reasoning is that when he gets a chance to be with his friends at a Friday happy hour or on the weekend, "it just happens". Thats exactly my concern... I dont believe that he can control how much he drinks. After the first two, its all down hill. Usually by the time I meet up with he and his friends, his demeanor has completely changed. Hes slurring and smacking his lips and asking me the same question multiple times (after Ive already answered it) and gets defensive when I remind him that we "already had that conversation". I dont drink often<SEMCOL> at most Ill drink a glass of wine or have a beer 4 or 5 times a year. And my boyfriend and I have only been together for 10 months. So, perhaps this is just different from the way that Ive ever conducted myself or different from what Im used to, but I dont know how much longer I can put up with it. Hes been in situations where he has driven home when he definitely shouldnt have when I wasnt with him, or couldnt remember the previous night. Its gotten to the point where I know exactly when these episodes are about to happen and I make an excuse to not be around. Weve had serious heart-to-heart talks about it, and have also had arguments. Ive offered to help and be supportive, and Ive threatened to leave him, which seems to get his attention for a while but then the behavior eventually resumes. I love him and care about him, so I would never want anything to happen to him. This is how I justify staying with him. I.e., what kind if person would I be if I left him high and dry when he was in need of help? Would I just be running away? However, I cant ensure hes truly willing to change. I dont know... Perhaps he doesnt need to change and Im being too judgmental. My true feeling is that when he was in high school, he was always the crazy drunk kid who developed a reputation of being funny and doing stupid things that made him popular in his circle of friends. Now that hes 30 and gets to see his friends less often, he subconsciously strives to be that same person and achieve that same "popular" feeling from them. He obviously enjoys drinking as well. This past week I did not see him at all just because our schedules didnt allow it. Last night I was supposed to meet up with him (for dinner or quiet night in) after a bridal shower I had to attend. As I was getting ready to leave the party, I texted him to see what he wanted to do, where he wanted to meet, etc. What I got back was a cryptic text that clearly showed his was drunk at 7pm<SEMCOL> who knows where he was... I decided to let it go and just go home to avoid a fight. It doesnt sound like much, but its just another incident to add to the long list. I cant be his mom anymore. No idea what to do...		
Is god against alcohol		Im a Baptist(Christian) and I bought a shiner tshirt (beer) and I was having a feeling that God may not want me to wear it because Im a Christian and all..?		
Is getting drunk once a week lead to possible alcohol abuse Or be considered drinking too often			Additional Details And somewhat use drinking as a way to cope with feeling down	
I am a 19-year old alcoholic, how do I overcome this		its bad. i need at least 10 beers be4 i get drunk or in some cases even feeling it. please help me. how can i quit? (I hear if you quit just like that, you can die from it.) thank-you. I am drunk right now. (what else is new :/)		
I think i have alcohol addiction , what will happen if i tell my doctor		i think i have alcohol addiction , what will happen if i tell my doctor i want help?		
Will lorazepam w/alcohol cause permanent dementia		I have a family member who, within a month, has become increasingly confused. For example, she will think she is somewhere other than her own home. She was recently placed in an extended health care facility. Images of her brain do not show changes that would be responsible for dementia, and some are saying that the current "dementia" is b/c of mixing lorazepam w/alcohol. If this is true, would the dementia be permanent or is it possible that w/detox she will regain her independence? Please help! :/		
What does alcohol do to the blood/liver		Lets say you drink the amount of red wine that professionals say is ok for the day/week/month in order to gain some health benefits. With little alcohol consumption, what is the immediate effect to the blood? For ex.. Does it thin it out and allow the blood to flow better? Change its pH? send nutrients away or to the cells? Also, what are the immediate effects to the liver? Lets say we had less than half a glass of wine for the day. What is going on in the body at this point?		
Ive been called one, and im curious. Is alcoholism real			Hi, i drink yeah, and ive drunk quite a lot before writing this, but i always here alcoholism is just a made up problem. Whenever i have a little alcohol i need to drink pretty much til i pass out, and i actually crave it, i didnt know craving alcohol was even possible but i do crave it. i can last maybe 2 days without drinking but then i just cannot mentally or physically function without it, i believe its real but feel like im a weakling saying the reason i drink is cause of an "addiction". So what are your thoughts?	Additional Details thanks, yeah i just dont know, cause it is one of those addictions that gets called a "false addiction". what should i do? "im right your wrong" thank you! and actually thank you to everyone who replied, youve all been helpful, i just dont know how to define what i supposedly have, but in fact youve all commented me with helpful advice :) im going to look into this thanks chimom. im so happy that the people commenting actually are real commenters an not trolls. ive probably dissapointed you all by drinking heaps more whilst youve replied. dammit i feel stupid
Cola is addicting than alcohol..yes or no....			I wonder if Im the only one addicted to cola.	
Alcohol and drug problems.		My friends Mother was taken into hospital about two weeks ago she is an alcoholic and has been taking valium and painkillers she had a fall and was found unconscious by her daughter.She is in her sixties i know she shouldnt be doing what she is doing,she has come round but she isnt the same she is very confused its as if she has dementia,this has happened before but after a few days she was fine.I thought at first it was just withdrawals but its lasting too long also she is no longer receiving any medication from the hospital so it isnt that.Can anyone tell me what is causing this.Ive known her since i was born and she just isnt the same woman.		
Is abusing alcohol bad		Everytime i go out to a party or club i promise myself i wont drink past my limit and everytime i fail. I wake up the next morning with a horrible hangover as well as a massive headache, i feel as if doing this constantly when i go out isnt the best thing. I blackout every single time i drink, literally!. Anyone know the damages to your body when drinking past your limit can cause? It will be much appreciated thanks.		
How do you calculate alcohol content in blood		How does it work..?		
Whihc organ may enlarge due to excessive alcohol		im not too sure but is it the liver?		
Do I have MS. Or are my symptoms a result of alcohol abuse		For about a year I have been getting pins and nedles and numbness. I have heard that alcohol abuse (I dont drink anymore) can cause nerve damage , is this wot i have or do i have MS.		
Can I sue the Catholic Church for getting me addicted to alcohol at a very young age			Can I sue them for giving me "the blood of Christ" to drink when I was a little kid? And for molesting me?	
Oxycodone acetaminophen 5-325 and alcohol		my friends dad took 11 of those in a 10 hour period while drinking. Im not sure how many ill assume 12 beers minimum. what can this do to him. Im just curious as to how stupid he is...btw the medicine is for gout in his toe and he is suppose to be taking 1 every 6hours		
What one do you think is worse for people to be addicted to marijuana or alcohol		I think alcohol because when people smoke marijuana usually they are all chilled out and got the munchies or go to sleep But so many alcoholics become violent. Alcohol is a big cause of domestic violence I have never known some to become violent after smoking a few cones	Additional Details I have never known some ONE to become violent after smoking a few cones	
Whats the Islamic cure to drinking alcohol			How can I stop drinking alcohol? The AA(christian) approach has doen nothing for me except convince me of how crazy christianity is. While alcoholism and binge drinking and alcohol abuse are celebrated in christian countries it seems Islamic countries have conquered the problem of alcohol. WHat are your recommendations for cutting back or eliminating my drinking of alcohol on a personal level? It obviously works for most of you so how do you do it?	Additional Details " Buy your foods at your local farmers markets. We obey God, and follow the messenger. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeYzqAWaw?
Why isnt alcohol taking over her life	#ME		My sister was at a party and there was beer and alcohol and she said her and some friends were playing beer pong and of course she drank some. im not complaining but why isnt she a drinker because ive heard drinking makes you addicted. enless she lied. 0______o just wondering	
Can alcohol abuse cause nerve damage eg numbness and pins and needlesor		is it signs of MS		
Why such a black cloud over drugs compared to alcohol		I havent had many drug experiences but am kinda keen to experiment (dont judge!) but I am wary of its darkness surrounding it. Obviously there are many terrible horror stories and medical facts that suggest this is a stupid idea, but I cant help feeling that if, say alcohol, was illegal, then there would be the same scare factor about it. a lot of my friends are users of mdma, coke etc. but are all very lovely, level headed, non addicted people who just like to have a good time, and they drink and take drugs at festivals and parties etc. i feel the odd one out not having had similar experiences and am genuinely wanting to try. im going to a few festivals this year with them so am guessing there will be a fair amount floating around - i really want to try some, but also drink too as i have done enough of that to know i can handle it and keep my mind when im on it.. I know there is a reason drugs are illegal and alcohol isnt, but from the stories anyone whos ever taken them, and seeing them on just alcohol aswell, i cant help feeling that maybe there is a bit of an over reaction towards drugs... at least i hope so!		
Alcohol abuse, how long does it take to become addicted			Ok, Im 20 years old. Ive been getting drunk 5 out of 7 days a week and this has been going on for about 3 months now. Everyday, I feel like I need to take a couple shots or have at least 4 to 5 beers and a glass of wine just to get through the day. Is this bad? Should I probably talk to someone about this?	
Christians, why does Mitt Romney avoid caffeine and alcohol but is a prolific liar				
Suffering from sex addiction when you are under the influence of alcohol or drugs		Is it common to see people become sex addicts when they use alcohol/drugs?		
Alcoholism and autoimmune disease (SLE), is this possible		My mothers biological father has been an alcoholic her entire life including before she was even born. Today she suffers from SLE (Lupus) and Im wondering if her fathers heavy alcohol abuse could have caused me defective gene that was transmitted to her that caused this disease later on in her life?	Additional Details Oops, typo! could have caused some* defective gene that was transmitted to her that caused this disease later on in her life	
Is alcohol or weed worse for you		Ive always wondered if one is worse than the other for your health and if so why?		
Why is alcohol advertised on tv		when it causes so many deaths.		
How an economist would approach the problem of alcohol abuse. Provide two (2) possible solutions to this probl		how would an economist approach the problem of alcohol abuse? Need two solution to this problem?		
How to write a thesis on alcohol and drug		i need to write a essay on alcohol ad drugs		
Should I drink this (alcohol)		Ive had a Mikes Harder Cranberry Lemonade sitting in my closet for at least a month. Today I decided to put it in the refridgerator for a little (so my family wouldnt see it). Im considered young and Im not the type to drink or do drugs unless Im extremely bored or motivated. I want to drink the Mikes but I just feel its pointless for it wont benefit me in any way. At the same time, I dont want to waste it or leave it until it spoils or something. Your thoughts?		
POLL have u met people who have had their whole Life RUINED BY ALCOHOL		becasue they were raised by alcoholic parent(s) ?		
Whats a good legal drug that I can abuse over the counter except for alcohol because that gets old				
Would you rather be addicted to smoking or alcohol		Just a curious thought		
How much alcohol do you ahve to drink until it makes you addicted				
Do people experience withdrawal symptoms after abusing alcohol for 11months		I have never considered myself an alcoholic due to the fact that Im pretty successful in most parts of my life. But the amount of alcohol I am able to consume and still have a life have led me to the conclusion that I am a highly functional alcoholic. The longest time I have gone without a drink in the past 11 months is 3 days. I am on day 3, I have not had any major symptoms beside sweating but is going cold turkey safe? Is me wanting a drink just a force of habit or a symptom of withdrawal?		
I drink 4 beers a day. Sometimes I can go for several day. Am I an alcoholic		I can go several days without beers. Sometimes I do not feel like drinking at all. My friends go to clubs and I might drink one. Sometimes I do not. Am I an alcoholic.		
What can I do about my husbands shocking alcohol abuse related constipation		He cant pass a pub.		
Would 30 milligrams of Xanax mixed with alcohol kill me (Not suicidal just want to be safe)		Im planning on getting really drunk tonight. If I drank a lot of bourbon like enough to get me pretty wasted and then took 30 milligrams of xanax which are 15 bars would this kill me and stop my breathing? I just want to be safe than sorry so I thought id ask here. Or would it just black me out for a few days? I am only 118 pounds also. How do you know this what is your source?		
I have 3 shots of 192 proof alcohol per day (96% pure alcohol). When will I die LOL!			Well Im kind of kidding about when will I die. I take 2 powerful antioxidants everyday that specifically help to combat possible liver damage (C and ALA) plus i take LIV 52. On top of that I take a top of the line Multivitamin, Vitamin C and Zinc. Also drink plenty of Gatorade to rehydrate myself. Is my regime safe enough or is there anything else I can add. Too much stress in my life right now and as we all know stress can be a more direct killer then what I am doing right now, IMO. Im hoping my current life problems end soon so I can get off the drinking. Thank you for any input.	
How can i ask my parents to get me some alcohol		im 15, i drink basically every weekend and my parents seem fine with it, theyve never really told me off, i think im pretty responsible but im not sure if my parents would go in the shop for me, how could i ask them to? & if they say no how could i persuade them too? thanks	Additional Details my dads going to get me some :D thanksss x	
Can you get in trouble for talking about drugs and alcohol Even though you dont drink nor do drugs		Me and a friend of mine were talking about the song we are young by Fun then started nameing all kinds of alcoholic drinks and drugs, our bus driver threaten to tell the resource officer , can we get in real trouble for this?	Additional Details We were doing this for 4 days straight. And plan to do it monday as well.	
My 13 year old friend is seriously turning into an alcoholic		my friend is 13 and every day she gets drunk. i mean, shell throw back 6 of 7 beers at once and get completely hammered. she drinks when shes sad cause it makes her feel better even if she doesnt like the taste of the alcohol. what the heck do i do?		
Should there be a drug and alcohol abuse category on this site		title says it all		
Should there be a drug and alcohol abuse category on this site		Ive already asked but im bored and looking for more opinions		
How do you define alcoholism				
I took 3 tylenols with alcohol		i drank 3/4 of a 750ml of jack and took 3 tylenol, will i be okay?? :s		
What can happen if u completely stop drinking alcohol				
Why dont they simply drink alcohol instead of syrup		okay so we all know about the syrup which people take to get high. Why dont they simply have alcohol? how different are they?		
Why do we abuse drugs and alcohol				
Will Society Fall Apart if the Prohibition of Drugs were Ended If Treated Like Alcohol What Would Happen				
Adding a depressant drug to alcohol can cause what		For my health homework, I need to know what adding a depressant to alcohol can do.		
What should I do My mom is an alcoholic and I can not take this		I will keep this short. I am 17 and my mom is an alcoholic. She has been since I was like 7 or 8. I have dealt with this for too long, and I NEED to move away from her for her and my own sake. She gets drunk in the morning and continues to drink through out the whole day. She verbally abuses me and my sisters and father who does not have enough money to divorce her. She steals all my money that I make for alcohol when I am trying to save up! I can not take this anymore. I am going to college soon, but my parents want me to stay at home while I go to school. Is this the only way? Since it will be cheap? : ( I am getting scholarships and grants but is there a way I can move out. What if I work two jobs? Would I be able to have my own place AND go to school? : ( What about a transfer program-- like I go over to the UK and live there for school like an exchange student? Would that cost a ton of money? Please any suggestions on what I should do? : ( Thanks in advance! I can not stay home.		
Help! I need to come up with a thesis on how alcohol affects familes		I cant think of a thesis can someone help me		
Can thinking about drinking and getting drunk constantly mean your addicted to alcohol		i have asked other questions on here if i have a problem with alcohol which i think i do lol just look at them, my birth mom is an alcoholic and drank heavily when pregnant with me but anyways i also have obsessive compulsive disorder and aspergers syndrome (maybe because of her drinking before i was born) lol i also think i have an addictive personality, i am 22 and a white male, and have been drinking for four years but even consumed some alcohol before that lol and sniffed white out and other inhalants to try to get high as a kid lol anyways since i really started drinking i would think about it lots and think of drunk people constantly and alcohol, especially the last three years lol but the twist is that i dont have any real friends but that never stopped me from getting drunk alone, which i mostly do! :) and i drink alone mostly and hate being sober or acting sober, even as a little kid lol, i also used to as a kid have these random thoughts of people getting stoned but i never got into drugs, just inhaling things and alcohol lol what does that mean? addictive personality? i was also on prozac for most of my teen years which did nothing and i was still on it when i began drinking and thought i was going to pass out a few times lol i also blackout EVERY TIME i get drunk even three years ago lol so do i sound like im addicted? my other questions people have said to me im an alcoholic, which wouldnt surprise me lol	Additional Details i also have noticed over the last few years i would Dream, even nightmares about alcohol on nights i was drinking and not drinking lol and i had my first sip and mouthful of alcohol at about age 4 lol and got really tipsy/buzzed at 15 lol maybe i would Dream of alcohol before i started drinking, i also read i was in drug withdrawal at birth, my mom did drugs as well i guess alcoholism can run in families lol i have been told that many times! i am on my fourth beer and alone! :) i also hide lots of my drinking and have went through almost three 30 packs of beer and some 8 packs in a month all to me lol ive drank lots like that before tho hahaha so it is nothing new even when i went through almost my whole bottle of bacardi 151 in feb-march 2010 when i was still 19 but my dad poured the rest of it down my drain! i was so pissed but he gave me 10 dollars that day and i had an extra ten dollars to get drunk at the bar! and he said for me not to spend it on alcohol hahaha but i did! :) my dad is seriously retarded then he thinks i can control my drinking no problem but he is ******* wrong! he is pissing me off! i have been addicted then for over two years! i remember in january 2010 when i was 19 still lol i thought about alcohol and being drunk a lot! and the words went through my mind "because hes drunk!" hahahahaha lol mia then why does he think i am not at all addicted to alcohol then, when he talks to me about in concern? lol and when i say my dad he is actually my birth moms dad lol lol mister do you blackout a lot and get drunk alone mostly like me or is it social more with you? lol and no im only legally drunk, not hammered lol but i want to be! nicole i appreciate your answer but yes my hands shake sometimes after not drinking and i have had the runs, sweating arm pits and sweating for head and mood swings and all that stuff lol that sounds tough with your son because if he starts drinking which he prolly will, like me and you with our family history he will be in a risky place, even drugs or inhalants, lets hope not he sounds like a good kid as well! one thing i did as a teen was some self cutting and scratching lol and thought of killing myself more times than anyone really knows as a teenager lol lol if this means anything i am fair skinned with blue/green eyes and brown haired and a red nose and cheeks lol	
Signs of liver failure because your an alcoholic		I am extremly concerned about someone I truly care about , who is gaining loads of weight and swelling, because they drink to much alcohol and they piss in the bed. What are signs of liver failure?	Additional Details Thank you to everyone for YOUR answers and to the asshole with the smart *** response about the You and Your, get a life and kick rocks with glass, with open toes sandals on!!!!!!!!	
Why are alcohol and tobacco not listed as schedule 1		Real answers. Marijuana is a scheule 1 and abused less than alcohol and tobacky. Weed has also never killed anyone. is there any logic behind this?		
Primrose everdeen is an alcoholic		haha sorry i just wanted to see this on google :)		
Can you become addicted to alcohol		Just curious. I had a raging headache that I blamed on sinuses.. Then I get home and crack open a beer and it magically disappears. Im kinda worried because I wouldnt consider myself an alcoholic, so am I addicted or was it a coincidence or can you even be addicted to alcohol at all like you can with cigarettes?		
If I were to try one, which one would have less effects. Weed or alcohol		I know both are really bad for you and have long and short term effects. But if someone was going to try one of them, which one would be less bad for them? this does NOT mean Im going to actually try them, but I was just wondering because Ive heard mixed answers. If you can, try to back up your opinion. You dont have to though.		
Double standard for alcohol and substance abuse. What is your opinion		My grandmother knows I am struggling with substance abuse and trying to stay clean. My cousin is an over achiever and starlet of our family is living the university life of parties and binge drinking. She has just as big a problem as me. She doesnt know how much Im struggling right now. So said she was having a "get together" with some people and getting drunk and going out dancing (which she does constantly). but I was thinking how similar we were there. I have small get togethers with my friends where we get high, watch philosophical movies and bake goodies. But why does nobody frown upon her when what she is doing is just as bad as what I am doing? Is it because alcohol is legal? It hardly seems fair. The other problem is my substance abuse has never done anything to put me in trouble but I still understand I need to stop. My cousin has never been in trouble either but she cant see that she needs to stop because no one is slapping her on the wrist. I would think alcohol abuse is just as bad if not worse than all of the stuff Ive done, but I think there is a double standing. Does anybody agree or have their own idea about it?		
Do you think 20 years of alcohol and cocaine abuse affected George W. Bushs intelligence.				
What does alcohol do to your body		just a simple explanation about how alcohol affects your health for my science homework, please:)		
How come i constantly think of alcohol and getting/being drunk when im sober/not drinking		seriously i think about it too much! it has been like this for almost three years! i hate being sober! look at my older questions, to me this sounds like an addiction/craving? i also have obsessive compulsive disorder and aspergers syndrome! i drink and get drunk any chance i get! love being drunk! which is mostly when im alone! :) i havent went 7 days alcohol free for over two years lol! i have been drinking for four years i am a 22 year old male but i had some alcohol before 4 years ago to lol my birth mom is an alcoholic, i also have talked about alcohol at work on the back of my co-workers necks for over two years lol i also blackout almost every time i get drunk! and recently my hands shake a little when not drinking and i get loose bowel movements sometimes to, my dad said he figures i have been abusing alcohol for four years which i would agree with, as i have mostly been drunk alone and drink alone hahahaha! i think i am going down a bad path tbh, i even dream of alcohol and getting drunk lol	Additional Details so yes i have a drinking problem but do i sound like an alcoholic? also i have an addictive personality and before i really got into drinking i tried to get high by sniffing white out and other chemicals lol i have always liked acting not sober hahahaha!	
Alcohol and Caffeine Addiction		Im 16 and i think im addicted to alcohol and caffience. Firstly with alcohol - i find myself thinking about it nearly everday, and when i do go out to parties and that, i find myself drinking way too much when i know ive had enough, i regret it the day after but i do it again and again! and when there is alcohol in the house, i wait for my parents to go out so i can drink it, when they have found out before, when they came home and i was drunk they were so pissed off, and i felt like i let them down - but i still take alcohol! As for caffiene i find myself putting about 7 - 8 teaspoons of the stuff in a cup morning and night, it gives me anxiety which i hate but i still have it, it makes me feel ill and on edge all the time at school but i still drink it! im afraid to tell anyone as i feel like im letting everyone i know down - and my grades at school have been slipping too! i dont know what to do! someone please help me!	Additional Details im just worried as im 16 - can i be addicted at this age?	
Most Jews dont drink alcohol, or not much		Does the Jewish religion prohibit drinking? Or permit drinking only in moderation? Because it seems that Jewish people dont drink much... right? So why is that? Is it just a genetic inability to process much alcohol? (I think I have that!) (I think its a good thing, by the way)		
I am an Alcoholic. Why is it So hard for me to Fall Asleep at Nighht		why is it so hard for me to go to sleep without hallucinating n what not? anyone know the mechanics behind it? I would like to avoid becoming addicted to sleep aids.......		
Senior Citizens: What will the fall out be from the changes in alcohol charges in Scotland			Whisky stills?	
Why dont i get physically addicted to drugs or alcohol			i have abused drugs and alcohol for 35 years. my brother is an alcoholic and my mother was too (dead now) both go through withdrawel. i never have. i have gone through mental withdrawel but not physical. why? when things get disfunktional i just stop the insanity. sorry cant spell very well	
Marijuana vs alcohol , why do we portrait drinking as fun and LEGAL but the exact opposite of marijuana			why do people believe alcohol is so much better then marijuana ha ha ? i dont understand cause even statisics show thats false , alcohol kills way more people then marijuana yet its socially acceptable to drink but not smoke can someone help me understand this logic?	Additional Details i know i spelled portray wrong haha
Do you see any of the sex, drugs, and alcohol abuse among teens- come to an end anytime soon		teens these days do drugs , alcohol, and have sex all the time, in huge amounts. do u guys see this coming to an end anytime soon? is it only getting better and better, or is it only getting worse and worse?		
Where can i get help with alcohol issues		I have had an on and off problem with alcohol for 7 yrs. In that time I have also had 3 children. I never drank while pregnant with them but within 3-6 mths after giving birth I would start abusing alcohol. It was a slow progress. Took some time to develop into a problem. Not until after I have birth to my 2nd child in 2007 did I really exhibit true alcoholic symptoms.Again, I try to stress it has been on and off. I would stop drinking for 6 weeks or less and again it would be the same situation. My 3rd was born last year and I vowed I would stop. I kept a journal for 2 yrs leading up to her birth and still I am back where I began. I am so tired of the path I am leading. My children love me and and I do everything for them but when I get that chance to drink I just do it. It is just horrible. I want to end this!		
Mixing Xanax, Hydrocodone, Alcohol			I took a 1mg Xanax, 1/2 a pill that is Acetaminophen and 5mg Hydrocodone (so 2.5mg), and Im sipping a 40 oz of beer. Only had about 1/4 of the 40... Should I worry? Real answers, please? I understand this is considered drug abuse and I should get professional help, blah blah blah.	
What does underage alcohol drinking damage the most the heart or liver		im obsessed about my heart health and i heard rumours about alcohol abuse leading to strokes and a-fib and heart disease, and i just need someone to tell me if its true or not. can alcohol abuse destroy the hearts tissue or electrical system? and if so, can over a year of alcohol abuse cause that or not, how long do u have to drink to cause heart problems? if its true	Additional Details apparently LONGTERM damage from alcohol abuse damages the electrical system of the heart permanently, causes arythmias and irregular heartbeat apparently LONGTERM damage from alcohol abuse damages the electrical system of the heart permanently, causes arythmias and irregular heartbeat	
If saying that drinking is a sin is not being anti-alcohol..		Then does that mean saying that homosexuality is a sin means you are not anti-homosexual?		
What`s the top reasons why people where you live abuse drugs and alcohol		Why is it that our population in North America heavily abusing drugs and alcohol? How do you think people can make a positive difference? What do you say on how they can quit this destructive lifestyle? Yup, please answer after giving it some thought, thank you :)		
Why do I find alcoholics annoynomous creepy			Dont get me worng, for a lot of people it makes them quit drinking (not most) But i do think its creepy how much they love going to meetings ten years later. I have never been to a meeting, But i had some come speak at my detox center while i was withdrawling from alcohol, i have been in detox three times. The one person sail "I just wanted to keep going, And I did everyday" Then how about one guy said he did not beleive in god before but now he does. Another guy was still counting his days of sobreity over 1000 days later. That sounds so depressing counting every day. It seems they are addicted to alcohol, but then get atticted to this crazy cult group Id rather stick with the bottle and not be brain washed	Additional Details One persion said, "once i stoped going to meetings, I hit the bottle again" Ummm where the hells the middle ground? They talk as if you have to be in their group for the rest of your life, and they dont get no money from you, which i think makes it even more creepy, like this cult that is just there for the sake of being a cult
Could i have liver damage ( alcohol & drug abuse )		I dont live a very healthy lifestyle, im almost 16 & im a female. Im a bit underweight, and i dont eat alot. Last spring, i began drinking alot, i was 14, almost 15. It went on for 3 or 4 months, id drink until i passed out every night. Usually vodka, or something strong. When i couldnt get any alcohol, id chug nyquil. I realized i was addicted, and around this time last year i stopped drinking completely and it was one of the hardest things ivd ever had to do on my own. The withdrawals were hell, but i was clean for 5 months and barely drink now. I take medicines alot, pain relievers like tylenol. For cramps or headaches but i really do take them too much. I took vyvanse, a perscription drug for ADD. I started off with 60 mg which was a mistake. The side effects were super strong, but they helped me do good in school. I took a 60 mg one day, and an allergy pill. I didnt know youre not supposed to mix them, but damn did i learn my lesson. I had a terrible drug reaction, i had a 4 hr panic attack followed by anxiety for the next week. I already have a double heartbeat and my heart skips beats too. My pulse was 140 something, and id never thrown up so much in my entire life. I felt lile i was slipping into a coma, i couldnt walk, i was slurring and mixing up my words, i was so afraid that i wasnt gonna wake up the next day. I shouldvd been taken to the hospital, but i could never explain to my parents why there are so many drugs in my system. After a week i was healthy enough to go to school, my heart was beating fine and i could walk without falling. The vyvanse is not prescribed to me, ive been taking a max. Of 3 every week for the last 4 months. I smoke pot, i used to smoke everyday for a while but now im down to a few times a week. Is it possible that i have liver damage ?	Additional Details Some symptoms are fatigue, weakness vague abdominal pain, and loss of appetite. yellowing of the skin (jaundice) due to the accumulation of bilirubin in the blood, itching, and easy bruising due to decreased production of blood clotting factors by the diseased liver fluid accumulation in the legs (edema) and abdomen (ascites), mental confusion or coma, kidney failure, vulnerability to bacterial infections, and gastrointestinal bleeding. I have : fatigue, weakness, my skin turns pale and yellowish a bit often, i get sick easily, viruses, colds, the flu, i bruise easily and the bruises stay a long time, loss of appetite ( to the point where im underwieght & skipping periods )	
Are people with Neptune in Scorpio more prone to drug and alcohol (ab)use		When it comes to Neptune, I suppose its also very important to know which house is it in. However, Ive seen lots of actors/musicians with Neptune in Scorpio who are/were drug addicts and/or alcoholics. So, I was examining my dads chart, hes Scorpio Sun with Neptune in Scorpio and he drinks a lot. Although, hes not an aggressive alcoholic. I actually like him a lot more after hes had a few drinks. When hes sober, hes very hard to talk to, Im not sure if hes shy or what. It would help if Id know his time of birth, but it doesnt say on his birth certificate, and he doesnt know. I suppose he has a hard time coping with life, because he says hes got nothing to look forward to anyway. :/	Additional Details He has Sun, Mercury, Venus and Neptune in Scorpio. And Moon in Taurus.	
How to make my alcohol addiction presentation interesting	kittylover		I have to do a presentation on a topic that affected me in my life. My dad was an addict but now he doesnt drink anymore and hopefully he wont anymore. I have to present on monday for 7 minutes! Two girls presented today and it was really good and very interesting. Their topics were narcotics control and Child abuse. Of course those topics are interesting and easy to find things to talk about. I think my presetation will be boring. How can I make alcohol addition presentation interesting? Any facts, clues, tips?	
Do people CHOOSE to be addicted to nicotine and alcohol				
What to do with an alcoholic that doesnt believe in God		My boyfriend and I have been best friends for nearly 6 years. We have been together for a little over a year now. He has a drinking problem. Since the start, he has come a long way. He doesnt drink every night any more. And can go a couple weeks without it. But now he has stooped to hiding it from me and lying to me about it. He knows he has a problem and he knows how much it is effecting his life. He does want to quit. He went to one AA meeting. But the first step is giving in to a higher power. My boyfriend is intently agnostic and has no want to change that fact. I am a christian and have accepted this about him, but I dont know how to help him or how he can help himself when the ONLY well know treatment for alcoholism is devoted to God. He has started going to counseling. But, it doesnt seem to be helping. In fact, I think its made things worse. He has never lied to me before this week. He knew when he would slip up, and confront it and take responsibility. But this week he lied directly to my face about it in fear of disappointing me, when it was so obvious that it was a lie. I am just looking for any information that would help him. He is not so addicted that I think he needs full inpatient rehab or anything. But he does need help. AA cant help him because he cant get passed the first step. Are there no other treatment measures????	Additional Details I just wanted it said, that he does want to quit. And he has made tremendous improvement. He went from drinking every night til he passed out to cold turkey for 3 months straight. Its only been in the passed couple weeks right before he started counseling that he has really been slipping up. I try not to be the one to hold him accountable because I feel like its unhealthy for our relationship for me to be keeping tabs on him. He went to AA and he started himself in counseling. The biggest problem with God for him is that he believes its possible for any kind of God... but he believes its just as possible that were alone in the universe. Its not that he has an issue with the thought of God. That is not what is holding him back from AA. He has issues with faith in anything and making the decision that he believes in ANY particular reality. He leaves himself open to any possibility. I am just trying to find resources for him to help himself.	
Taking sertraline and seroquel with abusing alcohol				
How many years can it take your body to fully recover from drugs and alcohol		ive been drinking and doing drugs weed, coke, and some times pills for 7years. my head and body feels a mess will i ever go back to normal and i get depressed all the time, but cant take antidepressants they make me feel so ill (sertraline)		
Alcoholism a disease		why is alcoholism called a disease?		
Impact of alcohol abuse			Physical,psycological,emotional,spirirtu?	
Why am I an alcoholic and why do I return to drinking		I am an alcoholic. I hate it. I hate alcohol so much and I hate how sick my withdrawal makes me. I began drinking about 10 years ago. I started with beer, socially. I could drink 12 one night and none the next. And then I switched to rum. Of that, when I began I would drink approximately 8 shots worth. Then, before I knew it, by Christmas of 2009 I was drinking a fifth of rum per day. I did not realize then that I had a problem. After a while, rum began to cause me to gag and I switched to vodka. Once I had made the transition to vodka, I was drinking well more than a fifth per day. By Christmas 2010 I started to finally realize I had a problem. So I followed the british model which essentially is to wean yourself off of the sauce. So I began doing that. I went from drinking around 34 shots per day to 12, and then months later to 6. I did so very well at reducing my intake, which was to combat my withdrawal. My withdrawal started out horribly. I would wake up shaking so hard that my bedsheets would all but disappear. I began to sweat often and a physical feeling of paralysis ran through my brain and body. At the time I mistook these events as panic attacks. But then I made the correlation and realized it was alcohol withdrawal. This happened because I did not believe I was addicted and so never thought withdrawal would be the cause of my symptoms. Until around last July I continued to have withdrawal symptoms despite the fact I had greatly reduced the amount I drank. Eventually, around the beginning of November 2011, it vanished. I was down to 3 drinks per day and no longer experiencing withdrawal. But then I suppose I took my new health for granted and began to drink more again. And so finally around 3 weeks ago I was again down to 3 drinks or less with no withdrawal. Until yesterday. I have no idea why though I assume my tolerance lowered but I became drunk off of only 6 shots. And then tonight, I have had at least 12 shots. For some reason my memory eluded me and I became convinced that I had not had as much to drink as I actually had consumed. My question is simple: Why? Why do I have to live with this? Why do I have to have alcohol. Why? I hate it so much. So very much. Every time I get my drinking to a point of pleasure versus necessity, I relapse to binge drinking.		
How does alcohol acts as a depressant in the body				
I need help with finding moving/funny/dramatic moments with alcohol on a tv show.			I need to make this top 3 of the best moments involving alcohol on a tv show. I already found a couple of funny moments, but I would like to include at least one dramatic, scary or moving moment and Im drawing a blank. Help please!	
Is Vodka the Worst Alcohol for the Liver		Okay, Im 33-years-old. Went for my yearly physical for my job last Tuesday. Had it ALL done...blood tests, X-Rays, ect. Saw my Dr. this morning & he tells me that my Liver is the size of a football, liver enzyme count is very high & that my kidney function isnt looking good! Oh well, I really dont care to be honest. He then asked me how much and what I drink and I told him mainly Vodka and I go through at least four fifths a week plus maybe a 12 pack of beer, He then told me that ANY Clear Alcohol Spirit is extremely toxic to the Liver, especially Vodka because its distilled much differently than darker alcohols. Has anyone else heard of this? I tried looking it up on Google and cant find anything on Vodka being extemely bad for your liver? Oh yeah, he did say Vodka, made in this country is Ethanol based and thats like injecting a syringe of pure alcohol into the Liver after a while of drinking Vodka.		
23 year old alcoholic with uni exams soon Need some advice		Im pretty bad at uni. I started in 2007 but with dropping out, retaking and failing, Im just coming up to finish my 2nd year. I drink and smoke weed every day, on my own. Im a nice guy who could make friends but I just dont give a **** about my future and spend every day on my own, in a bed sit that I thought would give me time on my own but is basically somewhere where I can drink uninterruopted. I saved up for a trip round Europe two years ago by working with adults with disabilities, with a part time job of a barman. But the trip (obviously alone) was just an excuse to get pissed. I slept with a prostitute in Vienna, passed out in Budapest and got robbed/burned on my face and neck (dont know how/why) and arrested for urinating in a fountain. When I type this stuff, it just seems the complete opposite of me. But I cant seem to stop reacting on impulse, what happens now seems so much more important than tomorrow, so I feel no guilt in getting hammered if Ive got a deadline/exams the next day. I dont know if thats a results of drinking or drinking is a result of it. But yeah, if thats too long, I tried hard this year but things just slipped at the end<SEMCOL> I would do well for this year if I did exams sober but Im ******* drunk all the time. I cant tell my parents because they think Ive sorted myself out. I dont want to get help because its been useless in the past and I have no none to talk to things about. So for me, my options are get through the exams somehow drinking and getting stoned, or go cold turkey like I did last term, which means little sleep and shaking. What do you think? Thanks in advance. EDIT: Suggested category was Primary and Secondary Education...		
PREGNT AND ADDICTED TO RUBBING ALCOHOL		rubbing alcohol is making my mouth water! its like a cure for anxiety for me! but i know its bad, so i chew this dentine black ice gum to satisfy this craving i can go through a pack of 80 in 2 days i also rub vicks in my nose and chew sonic ice to intensify the mint its just really strong smells like alcohol,vicks, nail polish remover house hold cleaners NOT BLEACH but does anyone know why i"m having this problem? is it going to go way after the baby?? HELP	Additional Details it started once i got pregnant but its not like i want to drink it just smell it	
How long does alcohol stay in your system		It is 8:00 here, and my brother would like to drink with me. I would be drinking half a bottle of 9% alcohol. I have a meeting tomorrow at a substance abuse center at 5, good chance they wont drug test me but if they do, they test for alcohol. Will it be out of my system by tomorrow? Please dont waste your time lecturing, thanks.	Additional Details its a urine test. I still havent got the answer im looking for. 10 points for a accurate numerical answer	
Why does alcohol abuse tend to make the person slower in their brain and thinking		I have met many people who abuse or have abused alcohol and they tend not to think as fast or talk as fast as others. I have never drunk much alcohol at all so I cant understand why anyone would want to be this way. Also they tend to have acne scars more.		
What does this verse have to do with why people seek out excessive alcohol, eating and other addicitons		John 4:4 - 4:20 " He had to pass through Samaria." So he came toa town of Samaria called Sychar, near the plot of land that jacob had given to his son Joseph. Jacobs well was there. Jesus, tired from his journey, sat down there at the well. It was about noon. A woman of Samaria came to draw water, Jesus said to her, "Give me a drink". His disciples had gone had gone into the town to buy food. The Samaritan woman said to him, "How can you, a Jew, ask me, a Samaritan woman, for a drink?" (For Jews use nothing in common with Samaritans.) Jesus answered and said to her, "If you knew the gift of God and who is saying to you, "Give me a drink," you would have asked him and he would have given you living water." [The woman] said to him, Sir, you do not even have a bucket and the cistern is deep<SEMCOL> where then can you get this living water? Are you greater than our father Jacob, who gave us this cistern and drank from it himself with his children and his flocks?" Jesus answered and and said to her, "Everyone who drinks this water willl be thirst again<SEMCOL> but whoever drinks the water I shall give them will never thirst<SEMCOL> the water I shall give will become in him a spring of water welling up to eternal life." The woman said to him, "Sir give me the water, so that I may not be thirsty or have to keep comming here to draw water."		
I am struggling with alcohol abuse what Can i do				
How to help a friend out because he has alcohol addiction!!		My friend has been drinking beer for nearly two months and he admitted that he has become so addicted that he drank at least one nearly everyday. HE knows he has to stop it but he just cant . SO , any help? THis is too desperate. Additional details: Hes only 15.	Additional Details additional Details: HE is addicted for sure. HE only takes one a day because we are all still going to highschool and its the other friends who are not ADDICTED that bring him those beers. Yea, right. :/	
Strange question, but why do many recovering alcoholics drink lots of diet soda		Ive always wondered this. I have a few friends and family members who are sober (anywhere from 2 years to 13 years) and all of them are practically addicted to diet sodas. Im not talking one can of Diet Coke a day, I mean they all drink at least 8 diet sodas every day if not more. I also listen to a podcast about addiction and the host has been sober for 12 years and he interviews anonymous people in various stages of sobriety about their struggles and temptations and so many of them talk about their diet soda addictions as well. Obviously not everyone who is sober will drink diet sodas, but its strange that not only people I am close to but also many random people on a podcast all mention the same thing - drinking lots of diet soda every day. I cant imagine its just the caffeine that gives a buzz as you could get the same buzz from coffee, tea or other caffeinated drinks. And if it was just the bubbles you could have sparkling water or regular soda instead of diet soda. Is there something in diet drinks that is addictive? Something that mimics the effects of alcohol on the body?		
Ideas for clubs for helping students with addiction such as drugs, alcohols,etc		I am currently in high school and seeing fellow students having hard times or curiosity or denial or prejudice for addiction have bothered me so much. Thus, after talking to some of my good friends, we have decided to create a club in order to help all the students. Our school (middle school and high school) try their best to educate the students but always end up failing. Also I, as a teenager myself do not blame them. However, some of my teachers have told me that in order to create a club, I should have more solid theme and process of what I should be doing. First, I do not have any means to attract students and I do not know how to help them. It is such a large yet sensitive issue that I have been struggling with it for a while now. Also I would like to include for those of you who may disagree with my idea that I am doing this to help others, not to offend anyone. Thank you. Please, I would appreciate any ideas since I am not an addict myself, so I do not know much.		
Is Logan Carter from Dead Island a drug addict/alcohol user				
Why do people with depression and/or anxiety abuse alcohol and other substances		My older brother (he is 18) went into a downward spiral with drinking and using pot. He was still doing well in school, but didnt really go out with his friends. He was then sent to a psychologist and it was then found out that he had depression and generalized anxiety disorder. So my question is, why do people with depression use substances? Is it just to get them out of their own mind so they dont feel the depression or anxiety?		
He does drugs and is an alcoholic, will I be like him if I date him.		This guy I really like him more than a friend and I told him that. We are both in the same class, he likes me back but is very shy so hasnt told me his feelings but signs like staring, blushing checking me out, helpful friendly. The guy smokes weed and he is an alcoholic started drinking age 16 and he has deep unresolved anger as his dad beat him up and tried to kill him when his dad was high on cocaine drugs. His mum he says he loves her to bits but she can be difficult sometimes. When hes angry he knows his anger upsets me so when he gets angry he walks away and controls his anger in class or he leaves when he is too angry and I know hes depressed as sometimes when hes angry I hear sadness in his voice. My mum beat me, my nan scratched, slapped me, my dad threw heavy objects like books lamps at me and I was bullied for being myself and being fat and nan died of cancer so Ive been through more than him so Ive become very strong. Ive never had a boyfriend before age 18 he is 20... Hes the only person Ive met and like who Ive felt safe around Waht do you think, do u think hell abuse me or something?		
Was i a problem drinker/alcoholic at age 19 in december 2009-april 2010		hahaha i am still drinking and blacking out now lol and getting drunk alone mostly lol this is some of my earlier days of drinking, actually almost two years of drinking by then, really got into drinking in 2008 but also had some before 2008, anyways back in january or february-april 2010 when i was still only 19, i was drinking lots and blacking out and getting drunk alone like now, but on valentines Day 2010 i bought my own bottle of bacardi 151 because i dont date i have aspergers lol NOW in may, 2012 i am a 22 year old male but was 19 still in december 2009-april 2010 at the time, my dad didnt like the idea i did that but im in Canada so it was legal, anyways long story short i would pound back beers alone back then and got drunk and did bacardi 151 shots alone as well after pounding back some beers,i had no problem with it i ENJOYED and still enjoy getting drunk alone (since i started drinking) as much as i do now, my parents of course showed me theyre concerns as alcoholism apparently runs in my genetics i believe that in some ways, now i definitely have a drinking problem if you look at my other questions but i think even in late 2009-early 2010 i did as well, so in april 2010 i think it was april 6 or 7 about a month before my 20th birthday i worked fairly early and had some other liquor and some 151 and the next morning i couldnt see it i was getting a little mad but went to work and when i got home from work that day my dad gave me a lecture about that stuff and pours the rest (not even a quarter left of it down the ******* drain in front of me! man was i pissed let me tell you! (he gave me 10 dollars) and said do not spend this on alcohol but what do i do? go to the bar and get wasted that night 10 dollars more to drink! :) i have not touched that stuff since then almost two years but get the craving to sometimes, i might of gotten drunker back then i like it just as much as i do now and i blacked out as much as i do now and had a hard time stopping once i started like i do now! i also had a shot of 151 at boston pizza on st Patricks day 2010 and the bartender gave me a ride home again i blacked out but i had another shot or two of my own 151 alone at home and went to work a little drunk and hungover the next day lol so just like now, back then i hated being sober and loved being drunk alone ETC, and drank to get drunk like i do now whether alone or at the bar! and in january 2010 my dad found one of my secret bottles of rye under my bed that i was also doing shots of alone same with a crown royal bottle that i went through in less than two months drinking alone lol january-april 2010 was some of the BEST times of my life! also i was going through some personal stuff and was depressed quite a bit so i would drink alone and get drunk alone when depressed just like i would now and also when i did that 151 shot at boston pizza (before i did one of my own at home after) i did it with a 21 year old at the time and he had more experience with drinking but he was covering his mouth and coughing, but not me lol i closed my eyes a little but was NOT doing anything he was lol and like i said i was still 19 at the time i turned 20 on may 5 2010 lol and just like now i hated being sober then, even four years ago when i started drinking in 2008 but even consumed some alcohol before 2008 lol my dad said to me i have been abusing it basically since i started drinking lol		
Alcohol consumption test		Can your history of alcohol consumption show in any sort of drug test when youre sober?		
I think im getting an alcohol addiction		Im a 14 year old girl and i had my first beer a few nights ago and i was fine then the next night i had 2 and then the next 3 (found out 3 is my limit). i just think it tastes good its not all i think about doing but its becoming a natural part of my nightly routine. i have alcoholics on both sides of my family so how do i keep from becoming one of them? my parents would be devastated if they found out so i really do need to quit.		
Alcoholic parent causes depression		my mom is an alcoholic that gets extremely defensive when i say anything about it. she is like a little kid that blames everyone else for her problems and yells and whines when anything is said. i am getting very depressed beacuse i got evicted from my first apartment and am staying with her while i save money to get my own. im 20 years old. i am trying to stay positive and figure it out but she is an abusive drunk!! she says very evil and hurtful things, then doesnt remember it and even says i make it up. she never takes responsibility for her actions when she DRINKS!!! she will get angry and competitive out of nowhere. when she has an episode (almost every other night) i cry and beg her to stop. i have to beg an adult to be logical. im in a town ehere i dont have many friends and really dont have anywhere else to go. a lot of times i will run out of the house crying, walking around alone until the sun comes up and try to sleep. the things she says are like: go kill yourself, you think your tough, you cant fool me, your a loser nobody cares about you. she continues with the verbal abuse as i cry!! then the next day swears she would never say that and doesnt remember it.the people in her life secretely think she cant handle her liquor but dont say anything. its very embarassing. i know that its drunk talk and i shouldnt listen but its very hurtful!!!!! i shouldnt have to beg an adult to be logical and defend myself agaisnt this kind of abuse. since i am in a different town with her, i feel even more alone everyday and know i really have no one in this world. i dont want to feel that way and really shouldnt. i have 3 moew weeks of saving money for my own apartment again and car. please give advice on how to deal with an unhappy alcoholic who is verbally abusive. i feel like im giving up hope everyday		
What Happens To Senior Citizens Who Have Alcohol & Substance Abuse Problems If They Need To GoTo A NursingHome				
Vicodin and alcohol 		I drank 3 shots of vodka and had a few beers, smoked pot and popped a Vicodin. I felt fine and I wanna do it again but I.heard it can be fatal.		
Some people handle cigarettes and alcohol much better		I mean long-term wise, for example my friend smokes and smokes(weed sometimes but usually ciggy) and he started when 13 or something. And he drinks way too often as well. Hes now like 26 but yet so awesome with no liver or lung problem. pretty successful as well. I can name quite a number of people who are they same where decades of this have no real effect and theyre like 50 and 60 with no signs of cancer or whatnot. they look good as well still.		
How to (please) stop my fathers addiction to alcohol		He was drinking since a really young age. Alcohol is the main cause of the biggest problems in his life. His friends refuse to talk to him, he got married twice, divorced both of them (the first was my mother), he has 3 kids that dont talk to him (including me) and now lives with a girlfriend who he loves and they are both alcoholic. She doesnt help him at all. They drink together instead and she promised she will help but she is lying to me straight in my face. Im his favorite son and I love him very much, Ive never let him down before and I believe Im the only who has accepted him so much but I have stopped talking to him because I find the situation hopeless. Ive done almost everything. From countless conversations to broken glasses of whiskey on the floor for a couple of years now. Im starting to be very afraid for his own health. I keep thinking the worst are to come and there is absolutely no way out. I have to act immediately. He is extremely addicted. I even start to think that he needs it more than he needs us, his own sons. He is a very good man though. He might even be the nicest person you have ever met and when he loves someone he makes sure there is a smile on that persons face. I think he knows very well that he is in an extremely bad condition but he just cant help it on his own. Please people help me you can literally save a life here.		
I am addicted to alcohol need help...				
When does alcohol use cross the line to abuse		Several famous people have notoriety associated to them by alcohol consumption. Churchill comes to mind ... its said he drank a bottle of cognac a day. So whats the deal? If you have made noteworthy contributions to society your alcohol consumption is part of the personality but if youre unknown the same amount of alcohol means your alcoholic?	Additional Details patti- I think youre missing the point. If somebody functions well enough w/ whatever amount of alcohol they consume theyre not going to rehab ... especially if they are being lionized by their contributions. Who would distract their success by addressing a problem they dont think they have? Folks- Some successful people could consider their alcohol consumption as a contribution to their success. Maybe they think it adjusts their personality to a level that puts them over the top. Who are "WE" to tell "THEM" their formula for success is incorrect? folklore- Oh, ok, so that means as long as the quality of life doesnt diminish the amount of alcohol consumption is irrelevant? So, then that would hold true other drugs that are illegal?	
If Alcoholics are addicted to Alcohol and Chocoholics are addicted to Chocolate		Are Catholics addicted to Cats?????		
Check my ALCOHOL Facts Please!			so i have to right this paper on alcohol use. Im not entirely sure if alllllll my facts are 100% accurate, could someone check them PLEASE. After looking up some statistics, I found that about half of all 8th graders admitted to trying alcohol in the past year. A fourth of them have been drunk. This actually scares me because with more and more teens trying to ?fit in? and look ?cool? , more teens have turned to alcohol. Many depressed teenagers around America use alcohol as a way to escape life. This is never a good reason to drink because being drunk is only temporary. When the alcohol wears off, that person is more than likely to continue to get drunk again. This will eventually lead to a dependence on alcohol, and even becoming addicted. Teenagers whose parents are alcoholics, are also more likely to start drinking at a younger age. This is because they can watch their mom or dad get drunk almost every night, and still be fine. Although alcohol in large quantities is not good for anyone, it is more effective on teenagers whose bodies are not even matured completely.	
The issue of drug and alcohol use among young people in Australia. Examine the problem and the extent to which		i need help!!!!!! please help me by answering this as an introduction to an essay!!!!!!!!!		
Are there any FREE alcohol treatment centers in Phoenix, Arizona			My 41 year old brother has been drinking for 20+ years. He is really at a point where there are no options for him with the family. We cant keep taking him in. He does work some but his situation, both physicall and mentally, has become unmanageable for even him. He has agreed to go into treatment. We do not have money for this and he is not covered by any insurance. Arizona will not qualify him for State insurance either. Any suggestions. He does not want salvation army.	
My son is living with his mum and she is a full blown alcoholic and has been selling drugs from her house		I want to fight for custody to get him out of that house as since her partner has gone to jail for burglaring her next door he has been out late at night and getting into trouble in his area and not doing so well in school. where do i stand and what are my rights? He has told me he is not happy there and wants to live with his nan or myself. He says he wants a normal life and he wants his mum to stop drinking so much but she has been doing this for years now and has made no attempt to stop or slow it down. My son is 8	Additional Details I have an appointment at the solicitors soon but until then I want to know what my chances are or what to expect. The social services are involved but she says i dont care as they only help the police arrested her at the time of the buglary but she was released without charge. I only found out about her from her neighbour she messaged me on facebook to tell me she had been burgled by my exs new partner. the woman said she thought even tho the guy who burglered her was a thug and a scum bag that he was a good father figure for my son, but since hes in jail she has lost her marbles and things are tough, i spoke to my son but he said eveything is fine, he always does. then i mentioned the buglary and the drugs and he opened up and said he didnt want to go back, but then the next day when we was going to have it out with her he begged to go home to look after her so of course we let him go home but now are seeking legal advice, id hate to step up and say ur not going home and then it backfires in my face, i just hope i can get this sorted a.s.a.p!!! like i said i didnt know anything as he keeps it bottled in and i have my mum collect him from her house so i dont have to speak to her so i didnt realise the seriousness! I only found out about her from her neighbour she messaged me on facebook to tell me she had been burgled by my exs new partner. the woman said she thought even tho the guy who burglered her was a thug and a scum bag that he was a good father figure for my son, but since hes in jail she has lost her marbles and things are tough, i spoke to my son but he said eveything is fine, he always does. then i mentioned the buglary and the drugs and he opened up and said he didnt want to go back, but then the next day when we was going to have it out with her he begged to go home to look after her so of course we let him go home but now are seeking legal advice, id hate to step up and say ur not going home and then it backfires in my face, i just hope i can get this sorted a.s.a.p!!! like i said i didnt know anything as he keeps it bottled in and i have my mum collect him from her house so i dont have to speak to her so i didnt realise the seriousness!	
Im becoming a alcoholic how to stop			Please help i spend around 60 bucks every weekend. Like 160 ish every month. I started with only 1 Noe Im Basicly addicted. Can anyone help me? When I drink just one I want another one and then and end up drinking a while 12 pack. Im still a teen and that is why I want to stop (if ur wondering why I drink its because I love a girl I cant have)	
When is enough is enough for your son/husband/friend going through drug/alcoholic addiction Please help....		Where do you stop trying to support him/her? When do you stop taking that person to meetings if he/she is still drinking? When do you cut that person off financially? When do you stop helping this person? When do you cut off ALL TIES with this person? Please help.		
Why is Weed Illegal when Alcohol is 100 times worse and thats LEGAL			Additional Details *To the Negative anti-weed Fa**ots, I think youll find my question is different to all the others asking "the same question" My question is asking what makes alcohol so special that it does so much more damage, yet it stays legal...	
Liver Damage from Alcohol		So a little over a week ago my dad and i took my mom into the emergency room because she had been falling, and feeling confused with her speech. She has always been a heavy wine drinker and we had just suspected that the falling was due to her drunkedness. She had also lost a noticeably amount of weight and was not eating much. To our suprise we found out there was damage to her liver and she was taken to the ICU where she had an IV for nutrient and Fresh Frozen Plasma, after 3 days she was taken down to the first floor and was monitered by nurse but was not really given much care, now she is in a nursing home and recieving medications and doing physical therapy. My family is left in the dark, and none of the doctors have given us any information, they mentioned Cirrhosis of the liver but that is all. Why is it that they arent doing much if it could be that severe. Please help, she is fairly confused (rambling sentaces) and we are left in the dark. Is there a possibility that it is only in the first stage and she will recover? and if not do we as her children have to mention the idea of a liver transplant or is will a doctor eventually clue us in? Thank you	Additional Details Both my sister and I are older than 18 and are on the list of informants for my mother. We also are all the same blood type and are willing to be living donors.	
Can you abuse alcohol for 30-40 years every day and not get cerrosis of the liver		My mom drinks 4-5 glasses of wine EVERYDAY since the early 1980s until today. Does she have cerrosis.		
How much is too much regarding her alcohol consumption		My girlfriend considers herself to be a social drinker. She tells me that she does not drink during the week, only on weekends. If she goes out with friends during the week, she doesnt drink coffee. That includes lunch out with friends too. On weekends, she works at a sports park and will often go in early to meet coworkers for lunch- and drinks. I am concerned about her drinking, especially at lunch time during the week when she returns to work Under The Influence, or drinks right before starting work in the weekends. Companies are really cracking down on workers, not only drunk, but also under the influence of alcohol during work time. She claims to have a high tolerance, so if she is caught at work and asked to submit to a breathalyzer, chances are highly likely that will be a measure for more than on drink. She claims that she does not have any problem with abusing alcohol nor does she believe that she is addicted to alcohol. When we have discussed stories of alcohol abuse by other people, for the most part, she considers alcohol abuse, drunkenness, to be humorous rather than a concern. I dont mean to sound like her father, but I am really starting to get concerned about Drinking during the day Going to work immediately after consuming alcohol A habit of consuming more than one drink, during the day, and either before work or at lunchtime She has been to a nutrition specialist who is helping her with her diet regarding what she eats When I asked her "did you tell her about how often you drink?" I didnt get an answer for that. She likes to drink beer, which in most cases, far outweighs any junk food in terms of fatty content in her diet. One of her concerns in divorcing her ex-husband was that he was monitoring her behavior all the time. He would ask her how many drinks she had that night, and make a note of how late she had come home after a night out with friends without him. It has been said that a person can only change so much and change cannot come from another person such as her ex-husband or me. She really needs to make the change. At one point I had made a remark about drunkenness being "drug abuse." She replied "drunkenness is not drug abuse." So I am dealing with a drinker who has reduced alcohol abuse to the level of overeating. Alcohol is a drug, just like heroin or crack. It is addicting, it is harmful to the person abusing the drug as well as any person who is affected by such drug abuse, including the victims of drunk driving. But in the United States, drunk driving is not as severe a penalty as drug abuse that involves drug induced fatalities. If a person was strung out on heroin, high on cocaine or crack, and killed someone on the road, they would face far worse penalties. As far as the number of drinks, its pretty high for a woman. I have seen her put away 4 to 6 beers in the course of two hours at a party. She also mixes drinks starting with beer before dinner, wine at dinner, and mixing cocktails and beer and wine for the rest of the evening, finishing off with an unspecified number of beers at bedtime. Usually after 6 drinks I lose count. She gets giggly, and starts to swagger in her walk and flirting with every guy within sight.		
Which is worse Alcohol or cigarettes				
My step dad is an alcoholic and I dont get why he does not stop drinking		He lost his family because hes been a drinker . He was given many chances but would not stop. When he tried to stop drinking he would hallucinate like seeing faces on the walls. He said that it is a nightmare,but yet he does not stop. Anyone similar experiences?	Additional Details I had to live with him for years and I do know how serious it is,trust me. Hes been to clinics several times,but after two weeks he started drinking again. It is not that he is drunk everyday. He can go without alcohol for weeks,but all of a sudden hed start drinking for a whole week without a break . I do not see him as much any more,I only know that he still drinks at times. But I have seen how he suffered but also terrorised me and my mum and little sister. Funny thing is,when he is really down he knows that hes an alcoholic,but usually denies it .	
Alcohol (substance) induced behavior		Does anyone recognize this symptoms of a particular mental illness? I have identified these particular behavior of a friend but it is hard to tell what it is and if it can be cured or treated somehow. This behavior happens frequently depending of many factors but they dont happen together or in a particular order. Constant craving for alcoholic beverages (daily). Denial of any psychological or mental problems while under the influence. Finds excuses for drinking. Tendency to drink more than one type of liquor. Heavy smoking during alcohol-induced behavior. Constant neglect, abuse or damage of private property such as furniture, clothes, household items, etc Speaks in a low, mysterious tone of voice, as if plotting some kind of action or game. Able to rationalize some concepts from his "normal self". Very likely use of other substances such as weed or CK. Restlessness, hyperactivity. Unable to stay focused on a movie or in a single train of thought. Once back to normal, unable to remember most of own behavior or circumstances. After one or two drinks behavior tends to increase into semi-aggressive. Tends to believe in conspiracies while induced. Social behavior tends to increase with the consumption of alcohol. Friendliness, seeking drinking partners Makes up sudden choices without deep thought. Changes plans constantly. Tends to play music loud. Remembers actions or circumstances of ?normal self?. Mood can change from quiet to hyper very quickly. Spontaneously throws objects such as bottles, drinking cups, or anything within reach. Able to stay quiet for a short period of time when told but continues soon after. Stays up all night with no signs of fatigue. I believe this is alcoholism but there seems to be more than that and I want to know what it is so I can do what I can to help him with this issue. It has become almost a daily routine.		
Will I get discharged from the military if I drink alcohol underaged				
Could I be becoming an alcoholic		Im currently a junior in college and have a group of friends who really like to party. I usually go out 3 or 4 times a week. If I go out on weekdays I normally drink like 5 or 6 drinks and on the weekends its normally like 10 to 12 drinks. Sometimes I have the feeling like I want to drink at night even if im not going out. There are even times when a couple beers sound good even if Ive suffering a hangover earlier in the day. Im a pretty quiet person so I enjoy drinking for the social aspect but I also legitimately like the taste of it. I even found myself being mad when I went home last weekend for memorial day because my family doesnt party like a lot of my friends familys do on holiday weekends when they get together. Everyone always says "oh youre not an alcoholic until you graduate", but do I have a high chance of being an alcoholic when I do graduate? Also, alcoholism doesnt really run in my family as far as I know.	Additional Details Its not that I dont think it can start before graduation, its just that I know many other people my age who have the same drinking patterns as I do. I also dont drink nearly as much when im home for breaks	
My step-brother is 20 and is already an ALCOHOLIC and addicted to STEROIDS. What should I do		it started in high school...he started drinking every chance he got. after high school i noticed he was spending all his money on alcohol and he has even gotten in trouble for drinking and driving. a couple weeks ago he told me he was taking steroids. Ive also noticed his personality and moods have changed....hes very selfish and careless and always angry and aggitated. he doesnt seem to think he does anything wrong.... i dont know what to do....he doesnt listen to anything i say. >____>		
What is your thoughts on drugs, alcohol, tobacco and why is your opinion like that		What is your thoughts on drugs, alcohol, tobacco and why is your opinion like that?		
Why do i still feel so much anger and resentment after beating up my abusive alcoholic father			well when i was a little boy my dad would always try to hit me and threaten me for every litle thing i did and he was always drunk and i put up with this for 14 years but tahn i said i needed to put a stop there was so much anger inside me so i started working out now im 17 and 62 qnd he is 54 so i decided to kick his as s so he could leave my mother alone now is he scared ans intimidated by me he doesnt even look at me in the face	
I am 18 and cant stop thinking about alcohol		I just want to get as much alcohol (manly vodka) as possible. Why cant I stop thinking about vodka?		
Why is there a push to ban every new recreational drug that hits the market in the U.S., but never alcohol		Please do not answer this with, "because alcohol was once prohibited and it didnt work." Thats a tired argument that makes no sense. Yes, prohibition didnt work then, and it doesnt work now with other drugs. Almost 50,000 deaths since 2006 in Mexico as a direct result of the War on Drugs. And you know who funded those killings? American consumers of illegal drugs. Prohibition now is having far worse consequences than alcohol prohibition ever did. Every drug thats made illegal is another one that puts money into the hands of the cartels and their black market distribution businesses. I ask this question because, statistically, alcohol is the most dangerous drug on the face of the planet, which includes the U.S. There is not a single drug, legal or illegal, out on the market that can even begin to compare with alcohol when it comes to use and abuse. The name of the game here seems to be to base policies upon beliefs and ideology rather than statistics and hard evidence. Otherwise alcohol would be the first to go. So whats going on here? I know many cops who drink, and it doesnt bother them that they are being hypocrites. It bothers me how corrupt and rotten when it comes to drug policy and law enforcement.	Additional Details Okay, old screen names, how about the tried and tested ones like LSD, marijuana, mushrooms... and remember Im talking about numbers here. You can give me a story about how someone you know had a bad experience, but for every one of those stories I can give you ten about people I know who have had a bad experience with alcohol. Please keep it real here. Also, when it comes to chemicals, its pretty easy to establish the chemical reactions that take place in the human body. All it takes is a little research and lab work. Remember, many of us actually moved into the 21st century when the year 2000 came along. Not everyone, I know, but many of us. What you are hearing from me will only get louder in the years to come as more voices join in. Also, you DO NOT know what the effects of alcohol are going to be on someone who is not a seasoned user, and this goes for all recreational drugs. If its a persons first time using alcohol, that person may become violent, depressed, friendly, promiscuous, suicidal, quiet, that person may only drink a little, or may be unable to stop drinking. Individuals vary.	
How to tell if someones an alcoholic		i think a member of my family is dealing with an alcohol abuse problem. as soon as they come home from work, everyday, the first thing they do is open a beer, then another, then another etc. they get quite frustrated with everyone else and tend to yell a lot - putting down peoples opinions, yelling. im only 17 but they seem to think i am a terrible student (mostly because they dont see me doing homework, which is usually done before they get home) and i average a B+ at least. i dont understand how i can get them help, any time i try to suggest help they just throw it back in my face and make a silly call about my school work.	Additional Details were australian. they have about 3/4 in the middle of the day, then another 6-8 when they get home of an evening.	
What is it like to be an addict, specifically an alcoholic How can I get my parent to stop		I am curious because my father is an alcoholic and he always says I will never understand. I am curious as to what I am missing because he can honestly not live without it. My mother has threatened to divorce him during a rare moment of him being sober and he told her he didnt care and after 30 years of marriage they are about to divorce because shes at her end. Ive tried so hard to get him to stop, taking away his wallet, stealing all his money, not to mention fighting physically with him, which has led to abuse of me. He cannot stop it seems and Im wondering what Im missing? I know he knows deep down hes an addict but hell never admit it. Is there anything I can make him do to stop? Ive given him AA numbers and meeting dates and he throws them out and threatened to call the police because not only does he hit me but also drives drunk daily on 5 liters of alcohol on the highway. I really dont want them to divorce, Im already in college and I cannot describe in words how devastating a divorce would be on me now. If I could ask you specific questions it would be these: How can someone be so selfish as to put no only their own life in danger, but everyone elses on the road? I mean how could someone just throw away lives without a care? This baffles me, what goes through and addicts head? He was blessed with such a healthy body and where I work I see so many sickly people, how can one be so attached to something so insignificant like alcohol to throw away their life and their familys happiness? I cant say Ive ever felt true happiness because of living with him, his addiction is omnipresent.		
Do you think teens are discriminated for abusing alcohol and drugs		I am doing a seminar tomorrow for my final on discrimination, and I chose youth. Does anyone have any articles, videos, or even experiences they want to share? I need more information to make a flyer.		
Christians: Is it all right for a Christian to drink alcoholic drinks		If not, why then did Jesus change water into wine in His first miracle at a wedding in Cana? +++ John 2 From Water to Wine 1-3 Three days later there was a wedding in the village of Cana in Galilee. Jesus mother was there. Jesus and his disciples were guests also. When they started running low on wine at the wedding banquet, Jesus mother told him, "Theyre just about out of wine." 4Jesus said, "Is that any of our business, Mother?yours or mine? This isnt my time. Dont push me." 5She went ahead anyway, telling the servants, "Whatever he tells you, do it." 6-7Six stoneware water pots were there, used by the Jews for ritual washings. Each held twenty to thirty gallons. Jesus ordered the servants, "Fill the pots with water." And they filled them to the brim. 8"Now fill your pitchers and take them to the host," Jesus said, and they did. 9-10When the host tasted the water that had become wine (he didnt know what had just happened but the servants, of course, knew), he called out to the bridegroom, "Everybody I know begins with their finest wines and after the guests have had their fill brings in the cheap stuff. But youve saved the best till now!" 11This act in Cana of Galilee was the first sign Jesus gave, the first glimpse of his glory. And his disciples believed in him. 12After this he went down to Capernaum along with his mother, brothers, and disciples, and stayed several days.		
Which is better to take with alcoholTylneol or Motrin		I know your not supposed to take either of them with alcohol, but if I had to take something, which one would be the better one to take?		
Can alcohol perminantly damage your vocal chords		Me and a few buddies were drinking at the bar I had Thai food before we began started to take shots . I got a ride home and I fell asleep , I woke up and started throwing up , ever since then I cant scream , every time I attempt to sing I cant control my range and my voice cracks.		
Does age change the way alcohol affects a person (college essay)		What are your experiences with the way alcohol has affected you over time? Were you once a happy drunk, but find yourself becoming angry when drinking as you get older? Are you able to drink more? Positive/negative impacts on life? Ive given out a survey to people in my classes but Id like some more information. Thanks in advance for any input!		
Is alcohol really a "poison" as some say			why how it is considered by some a poison? what is a poison? what do they do? how comparable to alcohol?	Additional Details how compared to other "Drugs"..such as opium etc?
Alcohol related illnesses		I need the name of some alcohol related, non fatal, illnesses that alcohol causes please?? Can anyone help?	Additional Details Sorry maybe I should explain more about why I need it. Ive had an alcohol problem for years and years, and Ive made many many attempts to stop. Continuously been lying to people saying im stopping, which at certain points was true, but I keep starting again. I have to stop because its wrecked all my relationships. So, I need an illness that I can say I have, due to drinking, although I havent got an illness yet. I need to trap myself by telling people I have an alcohol related illness and which in turn will stop me drinking, because im not that stupid to tell people something like that and carry on drinking. Ill kick the habit if my lifes at risk and so i need to tell people I have an illness due to it. Cancer and pancreatic diseases wont work, is there anything else?	
Why are people so hesitant to make reference to alcohol as a drug Its a legal drug, so whats the big deal		Is it possibly because acknowledging that alcohol is a drug (outside of health class) highlights the fact that it isnt necessarily better than other drugs, just different? If the argument is that its easier to just say "alcohol", then why do people make a point of saying, "Drugs AND alcohol"?		
Why is weed illegal if tobacco and alcohol is ok		Why is it worse to have calmed down happy people on the street rather than angry violent drunks? Am I missing something here that makes weed more harmful and bad than tobacco and alcohol (to smokers themselves, and how their actions affect others)?		
What is a early pathological finding associated with alcohol abuse				
My dad has an alcohol problem		Im 22, and my dad has always drank to excess every day pretty much my entire life. He has gotten 3 DWIs and my mom has threatened divorce. I live at school 30 miles away, but come home on the weekends to see my mom and my pets and because my school pretty much just shuts down on the weekends and everyone leaves. I used to have a support system, my sister, but she lives in another state now, and shes married so I feel like I dont have anyone. I dont expect him to quit because hes addicted, but I dont want to feel so upset about it all the time like I do, even when Im at school, it affects my life. He calls me worthless and stupid on a daily basis, when I am going to school to be a dentist and have a near perfect GPA, and also have a degree and work two jobs, but I still feel worthless and stupid, that Ill never be good enough. I need to know what to do and how to deal with this without a support system? I thought about writing my dad a letter, but I dont feel like its possible to have any kind of relationship with my dad. Help please? No rude comments please, just advice.	Additional Details Hes extremely religious already and I am agnostic, so please no church. I have friends, but they dont understand. I have a boyfriend too, and weve been dating a while and he still hasnt met my parents because of what my dad does to me. I dont tell my mom anything because she has enough to deal with.	
What moral authority does a government that allows alcohol or tobacco to be lega have in telling people what		The drug war is a grave waste of money, and more importantly, lives.	Additional Details You are missing the point, just because they are Legal doesnt mean people are gonna start doing them all of the sudden, would you start taking heroin simply because they Legalized.	
Please help me! Alcohol Im only in 8th grade and im addicted!		I have been going through a lot of **** at school... and so i was with my frined last week and she was like "Dude I think you need a few shots.. my arpet cant soak up all of your tears" And ever since then I have been drinking my problenms away. Im scared, please help.		
How can you be sure its alcohol dragging you down and not something else		ive never felt that alcohol has worsened my mental issues, i mean ive never felt worse mentally directly after drinking or in a reasonable time frame thereafter (such as a few days, or maybe a week). but how would you know? i dont drink often, and when i do im usually around others and dont drink to no end, or drink to get absolutely wasted. im usually pretty stable, but in the past i have struggled with depression, anxiety, out of control emotions (seem quite rare, usually when i get exhausted and lonely) manic spells, mood swings, and cutting, and i always seem to feel better when i can drink a little every now and then, whereas ive always seemed to feel the worst at seemingly random times, or when i couldnt drink a bit in a while. i havent drank in a while, but i would like to every now and then. how would you know if its alcohol dragging you down?		
My brother is totally addicted to alcohol, he is unable to come out of it. what is the best and safest way to			Give the best ways	
Question about Inpatient Alcohol/Drug Rehab Places:		I was at one for a month last year... and it did me a WORLD of good! Even though I did not like the constant groups which I found boring, I DID appreciate the constant medical care and meds monitoring I got there, and the care actually helped to (miraculously for me!) END my nearly 20 year batle w/ the bottle<SEMCOL> (HALLELUJAH!) My question is : Was the rehab unit or freestanding a locked setting? Mine was, but I wonder if it was just the one I went to or are they all or most of them "closed settings"? And even though I was relatively well treated by the staff and all the others signed in voluntarily, so whats w/ the locks as if if it were a psych unit or jail?		
Why do people say drug (and alcohol) addiction is a "disease" (and not a crime) when...		Because you cant get a disease if you never partake in the first place. I cant become an alcoholic or a drug addict if I refuse to partake in them, even if I am predisposed to addiction. So why, then, do so many people say addiction to these things is a "disease"??		
Sociological Solutions for lowering Alcohol consumption in College students		Hi. Im Writing a report on Alcohol abuse in College students. I would like to see ideas from other people About Solutions on how students can Lower, or even stop binge drinking. This will help me a lot in seeing other ideas on this subject. :D		
I am 24yrs old and worried I may be an alcoholic.			I am worried that I may be turning into an alcoholic. When I was 12 I had my first taste of alcohol....I didnt know the affects of alcohol but me and a friend decided to buy a litre bottle of vodka and a 2litre coke, I stupidly poured about a litre of coke out and poured the vodka in and long story short ended up in the hospital. Since then I have always loved the taste of alcohol and would go out drinking about 2 or 3 days a week till I was 20. When I reached about 20 I stopped drinking for a year or so totally sober and no intrest in drinkin. I now find myself drinking 12 beers every 4-5 nights (alone) and when Im on a night out I dont know my limit and drink till I cant remember. Its not that I crave alcohol each day but, but I suffer from a severe anxiety disorder and alcohol is the only thing that relaxes me from the horrible feelings or makes me sleep at nights. Im worried that now im drinking on a regular basis that I might be getting addicted to alcohol. Does this mean Im turning into an alcoholic?	
If alcoholics r addicted 2 alcohol + chocoholics r addicted 2 chocolate, what are Catholics addicted to				
Are health insurance companies required to provide alcohol or drug rehabilitation benefits in NH		Im a grad student looking for this info to compare to some treatments not mandated by law and Im having difficulty finding the answer.		
Do you think God cares about alcohol abuse and your liver, brain and family damage	TRUTH IS 		frank warnings: ?Do not be getting drunk with wine, in which there is debauchery.? (Ephesians 5:18) ?Drunkards . . . will never inherit the kingdom of God.? (1 Corinthians 6:9-11, Jerusalem Bible) God?s Word condemns ?getting drunk, wild parties, and things similar to these.??Galatians 5:19-21, Byington. CHRISTIAN LIFE/ALCOHOL ABUSE	
Why does our society respect people who overcome drug and alcohol addictions		We are basically told from Kindergarten that we should not use drugs or alcohol. They tell us why it is bad for us and what kinds of problems it will cause for us. When people become addicted, everything that they were told would happen, does happen. From a logical standpoint, anyone who becomes addicted to drugs or alcohol is a complete idiot. They were told their throughout their entire life not to do it or bad things would happen. They did it and bad things happened. It deeply bothers me how people who make such directly atrocious decisions are respected and admired basically because they decided to stop acting stupid being a shitty person. I refuse to look up to someone or automatically respect a person who "battled an addiction". Its their fault they became addicted.		
How much alcohol do you have to drink to damage your body			I enjoy drinking, but I wonder if my drinking could be putting me in danger at this point? I drink anywhere from 1-4 nights a week, but I usually only make 1-2 drinks a night. When I do make them, they are pretty strong though. Id say 2-4 shots in each. I drink whiskey and vodka, but not really rum, beer or liquers.	Additional Details This sounds cliche, but Im definitely not addicted to alcohol. I just enjoy having a nice drink after work or getting a nice buzz on.
Psychology of alcohol		Hey.....you know theres this neighbor of mine and whenever we have a couple of beers together, he develops a lisp when he speaks after the first beer. Whats that all about? He seems straight to me.		
Is smelling rubbing alcohol bad for you			I looove the smell of rubbing alcohol. I wash my face with it daily, and even sit in bed with the bottle, squeeze it, and smell the fumes. I know its not healthy, but will it actually cause problems?	
What happens if i drink a little bit of alcohol		What happens if i drink like a small cup of alcohol if ive never tried it before? will i get addicted immidiately and want more or can i control it?		
Was i a problem drinker/alcoholic at age 19 in december 2009/early 2010		hahaha i have been drinking like this since then and am still drinking and blacking out now lol and getting drunk alone mostly lol this is some of my earlier days of drinking, actually almost two years of drinking by then, really got into drinking in 2008 but also had some before 2008, anyways back in january or february-april 2010 when i was still only 19, i was drinking lots and blacking out and getting drunk alone like now, but on valentines Day 2010 i bought my own bottle of bacardi 151 because i dont date i have aspergers lol NOW in June, 2012 i am a 22 year old male but was 19 still in december 2009-april 2010 at the time, my dad didnt like the idea i did that but im in Canada so it was legal, anyways long story short i would pound back beers alone back then and got drunk and did bacardi 151 shots alone as well after pounding back some beers,i had no problem with it i ENJOYED and still enjoy getting drunk alone (since i started drinking) as much as i do now, my parents of course showed me theyre concerns as alcoholism apparently runs in my genetics i believe that in some ways, now i definitely have a drinking problem if you look at my other questions but i think even in late 2009-early 2010 i did as well, so in april 2010 i think it was april 6 or 7 about a month before my 20th birthday i worked fairly early and had some other liquor and some 151 and the next morning i couldnt see it i was getting a little mad but went to work and when i got home from work that day my dad gave me a lecture about that stuff and pours the rest (not even a quarter left of it down the ******* drain in front of me! man was i pissed let me tell you! (he gave me 10 dollars) and said do not spend this on alcohol but what do i do? go to the bar and get wasted that night 10 dollars more to drink! :) i have not touched that stuff since then almost two years but get the craving to sometimes, i might of gotten drunker back then i like it just as much as i do now and i blacked out as much as i do now and had a hard time stopping once i started like i do now! i also had a shot of 151 at boston pizza on st Patricks day 2010 and the bartender gave me a ride home again i blacked out but i had another shot or two of my own 151 alone at home and went to work a little drunk and hungover the next day lol so just like now, back then i hated being sober and loved being drunk alone ETC, and drank to get drunk like i do now whether alone or at the bar! and in january 2010 my dad found one of my secret bottles of rye under my bed that i was also doing shots of alone same with a crown royal bottle that i went through in less than two months drinking alone lol january-april 2010 was some of the BEST times of my life! also i was going through some personal stuff and was depressed quite a bit so i would drink alone and get drunk alone when depressed just like i would now and also when i did that 151 shot at boston pizza (before i did one of my own at home after) i did it with a 21 year old at the time and he had more experience with drinking but he was covering his mouth and coughing, but not me lol i closed my eyes a little but was NOT doing anything he was lol and like i said i was still 19 at the time i turned 20 on may 5 2010 lol and just like now i hated being sober then, even four years ago when i started drinking in 2008 but even consumed some alcohol before 2008 lol my dad said to me i have been abusing it basically since i started drinking lol		
Physical/mental abusive alcoholic spouse		Weve been together for about 6 years we have a daughter together and a son and he has been an alcoholic since day one though he has been on and off in recovery. We finally made a few life changes for the better career wise etc and moved. Now for the past yet his drinking has been worse (which from reading materials its common for the disease to progress) however the way in which it has progressed is verbal and physical abuse. It started with him putting holes in walls and breaking expensive things. My things as well and him calling me names. Lazy. Stupid. *****. Slut. Whore. Fat. Pathetic. Dumb woman etc and him grabbing my Face arms and legs . Holding me down or against a wall screaming at me to now threatening suicide. Killing me. Breaking my nose etc and just recently in two cases (one case) I had scratches and Im talking large open cuts that later scanned over all over my arms....like I got into a fight with a blender and a large scratch mark down my neck from him choking me. He has spit and Im talking puddles of spit In my face and (2nd) incident he repeatedly hit me in the face after holding me down and choking me and I hit him to get me off....so he hit me repeatedly because of that which the result is a huge knot on my eyebrow. As Im writting this Im thinking to myself ...leave....dont be a statistic. Get out. What I would tell any other woman. Which I did and he swore hed try to stop drinking which he did however he keeps relapsing after a few days of not drinking. When hE is sober hes heaven , loving.....level headed but when he drinks hes someone completely different and he accuses me of cheating(I HAVE NEVR GIVEN HIM A REASON TO THINK SO ) he accuses me of thinking Im better or smarter than.him and Im soured leaching off of him and dont do anything however he makes enough money Im able to stay home with the kids and not work. My question is and please I would love to hear from as or alanon related individuals what to do. How to approach this and what meetings or counseling would be needed. Please dont say leave him and so forget so on. Im fully aware of the severity of this and I will NOT be in this situation. He has one last chance to prove himself and that includes counseling. Aa and by other means. If this cant improve by those means ......Im leaving. Period. Ive had enough Im done and dont think Im so.e woman who deserves to be hit ...who allows him too or who is dumb enough to be in this cycle. Im highly educated and he put his hands on me....oh boy I did not just let him and I have left and I am at the end of this tight rope.	Additional Details Thank you for your responses. I know its not OK for any form of abuse and I can not allow myself as I would not allow a loved one to be abused. And yes he does want to be sober however the struggle with addiction....he falls off the wagon and as much as he wants too its difficult . He knows what he does is wrong after hes slept it off. Dont bother talking to him drunk. He wishes he never ever picked up a drink as the thoughts of drinking will always be with him. He will have to detox from home if were to do this as he cant take off from work and I want to thank yall very much and I will look into getting him the pill that makes him sick if he drinks. Hopefully with that and seeing a doctor hell get through it and we can move on. As I said I wont allow my children to stay in a home where this continues or for my own safety but Im very certain that if he wasnt not drinking...this would not continue. He has like most addicts a troubled past that enables th Im certain with sobreity the insanity will stop. Thank you and I feel so much better getting this off my chest and hearing from people with experience in addiction. It really takes a weight off my shoulders to not feel alone.	
What should I do about my dad...., alcoholic, severely depressed, he cant function			For starters, my dad is an alcoholic. Hes had a problem with alcohol since before I was born (Im 19 now). This might sound hard to believe, but a .14 is normal for my dad. He spends about 70% of his life at a .14 or drunker. He can operate normally at a .14, I know because yesterday he blew on his breathalyzer that he keeps in the house, & thats what it said, & I was like holy hell, I didnt even know he was drunk. =/ He has other problems too. I think he might be autistic because he only has 1 outfit, he just has 10 pairs of the same exact outfit. All blue shirts & all black pants, all identical to each other. & He goes to work at 3am so he can be home by noon so he doesnt have to interact with people because he has severe social anxiety. He also has OCD. He gets VERY obsessed with certain topics, like computers, science, the law, etc. & then he just researches it for days & days, & it is all he will talk about for days. He is very hard to deal with. He has no friends, & my brother & I dont like him much... He has no hobbies & no life whatsoever. All he does is work, drink, watch tv, & research his weird topics & then rant about them for days... My mom is all he has, & she left 2 days ago for a 2 month trip to her home country. My dad is freaking out. He is crying all of the time & talking to himself. I dont know what to do... He has tried rehab, going to AA, detox treatments, etc. But nothing has worked. Weve had to call the ambulance a few times because wed find him laying face down in the carpet from drinking too much. I dont know what to do... Any help? =(	Additional Details Also, right now hes down stairs crying & talking to himself... I want to just leave & go stay at my boyfriends house but we have 2 dogs who I cant bring with me & I need to take care of... =(
Would you support Legalizing Marijuana and taxing it like cigarettes and alcohol		Honestly the war on marijuana is just a big waste of tax payers dollars. here are some of the facts ANNUAL AMERICAN DEATHS CAUSED BY DRUGS --------------------------------------? TOBACCO ???????? 400,000 ALCOHOL ???????? 100,000 ALL LEGAL DRUGS ????.20,000 ALL ILLEGAL DRUGS ???.15,000 CAFFEINE ????????.2,000 ASPIRIN ?????????500 MARIJUA ???????. 0 Marijuana can cause short-term memory loss, but only while under the influence. Marijuana does not impair long-term memory. Marijuana does not lead to harder drugs. Marijuana does not cause brain damage, genetic damage, or damage the immune system. Unlike alcohol, marijuana does not kill brain cells or induce violent behaviour. Marijuana does not cause serious health problems like those caused by tobacco or alcohol (e.g., strong addiction, cancer, heart problems, birth defects, emphysema, liver damage, etc.). Death from a marijuana overdose is impossible. In all of world history, there has never been a single human death attributed to a health problem caused by marijuana. The war on Marijuana Cost you all 7.7 billion dollars a year! Legalizing marijuana will earn the government 36 billion a year! also it has over 200 medical benefits including aids and cancer. Well that one guy arrested for having a joint in his pocket is in jail the pedophile is still on the street. Our prisons are the 2nd most packed in the world the 1st being Russia. think of this legalize it and tax it. tax = money for government money= gas prices go down marijuana fields and stores = more jobs overall it makes the encomy better so what do you say would you support legalizing marijuana in America?	Additional Details Just looked up the story and you have it all wrong the cop shot the dad dead for no reason and the son was taking by child protective services	
I need to stop drinking... advice on becoming a teetotaler Not an alcoholic, just really stupid when drunk.		Please help. I need to stop drinking. No, Im not an alcoholic. I can drink a beer or two and be just fine, and I dont crave alcohol. I just act like a complete idiot when I drink. Ive had a DUI before, a PI, Ill do things with the same sex that I wouldnt ever do sober, Ill act immature at the bar, yell at people, become overly emotional, etc, and I have no problem WHATSOEVER driving, no matter how intoxicated I am, even sometimes with a beer... while driving. Ill go out with the best intentions and plan to not drink and drive, but when Im drunk, it all goes out the window. Dont tell me to go to /AA, Ive tried it, and its just not my thing. I dont like the environment, and Im not an addict/alcoholic. Just a f***ing dumba** when I drink. So I want to be a teetotaler. Ive tried it before, and its not too hard. Its just... after a few weeks, I get bored, then think its okay to just have a beer. Once I allow myself a beer, I allow myself a shot if a cute girl buys me one, then Ill end up making myself look like a fool again. It doesnt always happen like this, I can go to a bar and have a few beers and thats it, but by allowing myself to drink just beer, Im allowing myself to drink harder drinks. Ive tried just sticking to beer as well, and that doesnt work, because when Im around friends and have a few beers in me, Im open for anything. "Shots, yeah!" I know I might kill someone one day, if not myself, or just go to prison if I keep this up. Im not a terrible person, or an alcoholic. I just have some sort of alcohol allergy, or maybe Im just immature and cant handle it. Not sure. Regardless... how do I accomplish being a teetotaler? In a few weeks from now, when I really want a nice cold one after work, how can I remind myself of the endeavor to never drink that I now have?		
How to become a teetotaler before I kill myself/someone And no, not an alcoholic, just a dummy when drunk...		Please help. I need to stop drinking. No, Im not an alcoholic. I can drink a beer or two and be just fine, and I dont crave alcohol. I just act like a complete idiot when I drink. Ive had a DUI before, a PI, Ill do things with the same sex that I wouldnt ever do sober, Ill act immature at the bar, yell at people, become overly emotional, etc, and I have no problem WHATSOEVER driving, no matter how intoxicated I am, even sometimes with a beer... while driving. Ill go out with the best intentions and plan to not drink and drive, but when Im drunk, it all goes out the window. Dont tell me to go to /AA, Ive tried it, and its just not my thing. I dont like the environment, and Im not an addict/alcoholic. Just a f***ing dumba** when I drink. So I want to be a teetotaler. Ive tried it before, and its not too hard. Its just... after a few weeks, I get bored, then think its okay to just have a beer. Once I allow myself a beer, I allow myself a shot if a cute girl buys me one, then Ill end up making myself look like a fool again. It doesnt always happen like this, I can go to a bar and have a few beers and thats it, but by allowing myself to drink just beer, Im allowing myself to drink harder drinks. Ive tried just sticking to beer as well, and that doesnt work, because when Im around friends and have a few beers in me, Im open for anything. "Shots, yeah!" I know I might kill someone one day, if not myself, or just go to prison if I keep this up. Im not a terrible person, or an alcoholic. I just have some sort of alcohol allergy, or maybe Im just immature and cant handle it. Not sure. Regardless... how do I accomplish being a teetotaler? In a few weeks from now, when I really want a nice cold one after work, how can I remind myself of the endeavor to never drink that I now have?		
Are you addicted to alcohol 		Some people say yes. Some people say no. To me if u cant say this is your last drink forever than your addicted. Do people just assume addiction to be bad? Or is it? I dont drink. I do smoke. Drinking may not be as frequent, but its the same whether it be one day or one month between drinks. Is it when u cant say no? Or cant say its the last one? Similar ehhh...		
Drug and alcohol test answers		3 The rods and cones in the eye transmit light and __________. Motions Reflections Images Color 4 _____________ who share the road with an impaired driver are at risk. All pedestrians All speeders All kinds of people All drivers 5 ______________ tends to make you take more risks at a time when you are the least able to cope with the risk involved. Alcohol Driving after sunset Sobriety Driving into the sun 6 Do not park more than _______ away from the curb. One foot Six feet Ten feet Six inches 7 In the state of Florida, passing a stopped school bus with flashing lights will result in a minimum civil penalty of ___________. $250 $50 $100 $200 8 Motorcycles have two or three wheels, a seat for the rider and at least a ____ horse-powered engine. 5 20 15 10 9 If you observe an impaired driver, a safe behavior for you would be ____________. To increase the amount of space between you and the other vehicle and allow the impaired driver to proceed in front of you To follow the vehicle To pass that car as quickly as possible to get away from it To pull beside the impaired driver and motion for him to pull over so you can offer to help him 10 True or False: The ability to process information and multi-task continues to diminish with every drink. True False 11 You are not allowed to park within _____ feet of any flashing signal, stop sign, or traffic signal. 15 20 10 30 12 What is the difference in meaning between a crash and an accident? Accidents happen when a driver is not paying close attention to traffic Crashes cause vehicle insurance rates to go up. Accident damages dont. An accident is something that is unavoidable. Crashes caused by poor driving are avoidable. There is no difference. It is just a technical term. 13 True or False: In Florida, the number of alcohol-related traffic deaths increased in 2008 compared to 2007. True False 14 Passing involves the use of your signals, ____________, and physically turning your head to check your blind spots. Passengers Horn Brakes Mirrors 15 True or False: Driving a motor vehicle after taking substances which alter the central nervous system can have side effects which include impaired attention, reaction time, and vision. True False 16 Unless otherwise posted, in Florida the speed limit in school zones is: 15 mph 25 mph 20 mph 10 mph 17 Use __________ to prevent friends who have been drinking from driving. Manipulation Positive peer pressure Persuasion Bribery 18 True or False: You should not move any victim unless they are in immediate danger of sustaining life threatening injury. True False 19 The higher the percentage of the active ingredient in a drug, _______________. The more expensive it is The quicker it will be able to be detected by the authorities The more quickly it will reach the bloodstream The more likely it was inhaled 20 __________ is defined as a state of periodic or chronic impairment detrimental to the individual and society. Abuse Addiction Use A hangover 21 True or False: In 2008, 502 motorcyclists died in Florida - an increase from the number killed in 2004. True False 22 Roundabouts move in__________ direction. A counterclockwise Any direction A slow patterned A clockwise 23 What prohibits you from increasing your speed until the vehicle that is passing you has completed the passing maneuver? Florida law Common courtesy Nothing Right-of-way laws 24 True or False: Florida law prohibits you from increasing your speed until the vehicle that is passing you has completed the passing maneuver. True False 25 If you see a diamond-shaped sign, it will be what type of sign? Warning Regulatory School Information 26 The key to safe skid recovery is: No traffic Good brakes Early detection Wide tires 27 The same amount of alcohol will be more diluted in a larger individual because _____________. A larger person has more practice drinking A larger person has more blood and other fluids A larger person drinks more slowly A larger person usually drinks from a smaller glass 28 Careful driving requires appropriate reaction time, both simple and complex. Braking, and then shifting gears, followed by signaling, and then hitting the horn are examples of ______________ reaction time and are usually required in most driving situations. Simple and complex Complex All of these answers are correct Simple 29 Boots or shoes should be high and sturdy enough to cover your ______ and give them support. Ankl	Additional Details Ive been trying to pass for such a long time but I cant if your really going to tell me to study dont answer please its for Florida	
Which substance, when abused, is responsible for more deaths: pot or alcohol				Additional Details Or a third option would be nicotine (thanks Christian Democrat) and the fourth is tobacco
Can we get addicted to 0.5 alcohol	Mimi 		Im drinking wine but its only 0.5 alcohol so can I still get addicted to it?	
Should I give my alcoholic abusive husband a THIRD chance		When my husband and I met I always knew he had a problem with alcohol as he would wet the bed after a night of drinking. But he assured me that it had nothing to do with alcohol it was just an issue that he had. When we got married, he became very jealous. If a man was even looking at me he would accuse me of cheating. Two months ago he got very drunk and broke down the bedroom door, screamed at me, called me names, etc. He assured me it would never happen again, however, last week he got very drunk again and told me to **** everyone at this party we were at. He then broke down two more doors, jumped on my car when I tried to leave, and called me every name in the book. And in the middle was a dumb fight we got into when he was drunk, he tried to drive, called me more names, etc, not worth the time to type it was so stupid. My problem is, were both signed into a lease & he cant afford it on his own. If I just leave he wont pay the rent and Ill end up screwed. My question is, is it worth a THIRD chance? He assures me he will never drink again. He says he doesnt need professional help, all he needs is me..	Additional Details Of course I love him.. But the more time that goes on, the more I realize he makes me feel like a horrible, worthless person. Guess I knew the answer the whole time!	
Worried about my alcohol abuse but no symptoms of problems		So let me start off by saying that for about the past 6 years (Im a 24 year old male) I have binge drank on and off. Ive also smoked cigarettes and marijuana. Id say that for the past year or so Ive been drinking a lot more. I would sometimes drink up to a 750mL bottle in a night. In probably the past couple months (maybe more) Ive drank almost every day. Normally I always wake up the next day extremely hung over, and it also triggers my anxiety really bad. I start to freak out that Im going to die from liver failure or I dont know what. I havent really had any symptoms that Ive read up on, but Im still very anxious. Id say the only things Im really worried about is that Ive been getting a beer belly, and I have pain in the left side of my chest. I can understand the beer belly, and I remember going to the ER a while back because of the chest problems, but they said it was probably just chest wall inflammation. Im just really anxious today because I drank last night. I feel like somethings going to fail or something, even though Im not really showing signs of anything severe, that I can think of. I know this may not be the best place to ask, and should see a doctor. But with my anxiety I sometimes feel like I need a quick answer, and maybe someone on here could be of some help. I really want to quit drinking and smoking. I know its made my life a mess, and I dont want to die from it. Anyways, thanks for anyones help.		
Am 53 years old man and have ulcers if i stop drinking alcohol will the ulcers go away for good and all the pr		if i stop drinking alcohol today 06 19 12 will my ulcers go away and other problems cirrhosis of the liver,damages brain cells,heart problems,and kidneys problems?		
Why do some people drink more alcohol than other things		A lot of my friends are alcoholics and I dont drink. It seems a little unsafe to me. Why dont people think about safety when theyre drinking, besides theyre having fun? I thought you were supposed to be responsible and fun.		
How do I help an alcoholic 			I am in a very distressing situation I have been seeing my girlfriend on and off now for two years I love her so much with all my heart but she suffers badly with depression and is addicted to Valium and has a major alcohol problem she has good days and when she is with me she is mainly happy and I know she loves me too the things is when she starts to drink she tells me things like she loves me more as a best friend than anything else we have broken up a couple of times due to her drinking and she admits and knows she has an alcohol problem last year she moved in with me and didnt drink for about four moths everything was perfect then she started having a few drinks at the weekends and slowly things started to get worse it was close to her birthday and she decided to move back home to her mums just for the week before going out for her birthday within two weeks we where finished coz she became distant and doubted our relationship but yet we get on so well we know each other so well its unreal we stayed apart for seven months and she was seeing some other guy then we got back in contacted and she came to me and told me she had been drinking everyday since we broke up apparently this guy she was seeing was a drinker too where as I am not we started to see each other again and she stopped drinking it lasted four weeks and during that time she told me she loved me and was sorry for how she treated me and told me when she came to me and told me she was drinking so much it was because she knew I would help but now the last two weeks she is back drinking has backed away from me telling me she only loves me as a friend and gets really annoyed when I try to tell her its the drink making her feel the way she feels she craves a normal life and cant because of her depression she also suffers with social anxiety which means without drink and or Valium she cant bring herself to do anything outside the house currently she has been on a four day and counting drinking binge and is totally ignoring my texts and phone calls I cant just turn my back on this girl I have tried but I love her too much so its really not an option even though she is pushing me away I refuse to leave for her sake and for mine she has admitted she has a problem and wants to stop but just cant seem to actually help herself what can I do Im really at my withs end and my heart is breaking please help.	
What is worse, a world full of alcoholics or a world full of potheads				
How is Alcohol legal and Cannabis illigal		They should both be legal, and if not, switched. Cannabis has barley any people addicted to it yet I know many alcoholics. Cannabis doesnt kill anyone, but with alcohol people become so violent and so many people fight and kill each other under its influence. And what amazes me is why cigarettes are still legal. And Cannabis isnt. This world and the people in it stun me sometimes.		
Alcohol sales in Supermarkets 		What is the point of raising the price of alcohol in supermarkets when they sell their own brands at low prices and do cheap deals during the European Cup period. ?? I am against the price rise. Enforced by Cameron but it just goes to show when the money powerful want to they can charge what they like ?? What do you think ?		
Is there any difference between being and alcoholic....			and being addicted to alcohol? My girlfriend says I am not an alcoholic and I am just addicted to alcohol but I am not sure that makes sense..?	
PLEASE HELP ME WITH MY DRUG AND ALCOHOL QUIZ !! please		1. If you make a false statement or commit a forgery about your motor vehicle insurance you can be guilty of a ________ degree misdemeanor. Fourth Second First Third 2. Which of the following is a 6-point driving infraction in the state of Florida? Caught with an open container of alcohol as an operator Conviction for unlawful speeding that results in a collision Failing to obey a traffic control signal/sign/device Driving at an unlawful speed 3. In Florida, after three months, a driver with a learners permit may drive until _____. 8 p.m. 9 p.m. 10 p.m. 11 p.m. 4. If you are a driver under 21 with a breath or blood alcohol level of .05 or higher you will be required to: Pay a fine of $2,500 Spend 20 days in jail. Perform six weeks of community service Attend a substance abuse course 5. If your driving privilege is suspended or revoked, you may be eligible to apply for a _____________ license or reinstatement. Hardship Exemption Emergency Out of state 6. True or False: If you are in crash where you are at fault and injuries have occurred, the Financial Responsibility Law requires you to have bodily injury insurance. True False 7. The two motor vehicle insurance laws in Florida are the Financial Responsibility Law and the ________________________. Safety Law Good Driver Law Insurance Law No-Fault Law 8. Your license can be suspended for 30 days if you accumulate ________ points within a 12-month period. 12 5 20 3 9. True or False: The State of Florida can suspend your license if you make a fraudulent driver license application. True False 10. True or False: Those using a learners permit have restrictions on when they may drive because alcohol-related crashes are most likely to occur during school hours on a weekday. True False		
Quitting Alcohol "Cold Turkey"		Alright Im stuck it seems, I dont want to drink anymore I have my mind set to it so thats a step, and I know I have a problem with it, I let myself go and went down the wrong road, Im not sure what to do, either wait 4-5 days and end up in the hospital Im 21 in case you are wondering, been drinking since 17, alcoholics on both sides of my family, I was doomed to be one but I didnt think I would get this bad..Anyways does anyone have any suggestions, something to slow down the process, so maybe I dont end up in DT in the hospital, pffff, I might not have provided enough info but if anyone has any advice that would be great, thank you.		
I am obsessed with sex & alcohol HELP		even when im not im thinking about them it has completly taken over my thoughts so how do i get my thought patterns & lifestyle to sway		
I love him but he has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed..help		He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about me behind his back." Hes a fantastic liar but extremely open and honest with me & I know when someone lies and hes only lied to me once to protect me as he said hes leaving cause hes half drunk but really it was because he was angry and was going to have an outburst but knows I dont like it. He put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother which grew to love and over time Ive found out all this as hes very honest and open with me but what would a relationship be like with this guy? I thought of moving on but cried so much my eyes swelled for the first time and didnt go down for days so I really dont want to give up but maybe advice on how to handle him.	Additional Details Hes a really nice guy	
He gets angry far too quickly, He put weed/booze infront of his ex, He has a problem with alcohol abuse, help!		He put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. (^ found out that online, he doesnt know I know) He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... (^ found out that as he told me except the insecure part I can see that myself) In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about him behind his back." We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother when he got to know me he became extremely shy (nervous/blushing/breathless),overtime I think he grew to love me (people tell me by what things he does like staring at smiling all day til i catch him then he looks away) and over time Ive found out all this as hes very honest and open with me. Hes only shy around me, when he got to know me he stopped talking altogether and he would be breathless blushing etc, its taken a year for him to be himself. But what would a relationship be like with this guy?		
He abuses alcohol/drugs but I love him, desperate for answer sorry its long but please help me		He put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. (^ found out that online, he doesnt know I know) He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... (^ found out that as he told me except the insecure part I can see that myself) We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother when he got to know me he became extremely shy (nervous/blushing/breathless),overtime I think he grew to love me (people tell me by what things he does) Anyway hes very honest and open with me. Hes only shy around me, when he got to know me he got very shy/breathless and its taken a year for him to finally be himself. In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about him behind his back." What would a relationship be like with this guy? I cried so much at the thought of loosing my first love so I dont want to move on, Ive never had a boyfriend plus Im very strong as Ive dealt with my mum beating me, my dad throwing heavy objects at me, nan slapping/scratching me then dying of cancer, an angry dad who blames me for anything and everything and a mum who rejected me age 10 and depression most of my life and I went to a councoller and i didnt like it so now I talk with my bestfriend about it all.		
Why did i not experience any alcohol withdrawal after drinking so heavily for years Please advise		When i say heavy, i mean a ridiculous amount of alcohol on a nightly basis over about 8 years. I decided to quite cold turkey and after 7 days of abstaining i can honestly say that the worst i have experienced is some slight stomach upset and nausea. (As for my liver, well i do not know the state of this until i have had blood tests) Because everything i have ever read suggests that almost all heavy drinkers will experience some nasty withdrawal, my question is, does anybody understand why i did not? Any info much appreciated. Thank you.		
He abuses alcohol/drugs but hes my first love, sorry its long please help.		We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother when he got to know me he became extremely shy overtime I think he grew to love me (people tell me by he does) & Hes very honest and open with me. Hes shy around only me, when he got to know me he got very shy/breathless and its taken a year for him to finally be himself. In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about him behind his back." He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... (^ found out that as he told me except the insecure part I can see that myself) He started drinking too much and put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. (year ago, found out that online, he doesnt know I know) He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. But he knows I dont like it so he controls it and walks way when hes angry and he NEVER points his anger at me when hes angry. I cried so much at the thought of loosing my first love so I dont want to move on, Ive never had a boyfriend plus Im very strong so I can handle it. I dont have his number and we leave class tommorow forever and hes too shy to make a move himself since he got to know me well...so I dont know what to do :(		
My 1st LOVE. I want 2 be there for the alcoholic/drug abuser, sorry its long please help		We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother when he got to know me he became extremely shy overtime I think he grew to love me (people tell me by he does) & Hes very honest and open with me. Hes shy around only me, when he got to know me he got very shy/breathless and its taken a year for him to finally be himself. In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about him behind his back." He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... (^ found out that as he told me except the insecure part I can see that myself) He started drinking too much and put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. (year ago, found out that online, he doesnt know I know) He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. But he knows I dont like it so he controls it and walks way when hes angry and he NEVER points his anger at me when hes angry. I cried so much at the thought of loosing my first love so I dont want to move on, Ive never had a boyfriend plus Im very strong so I can handle it. I dont have his number and we leave class tommorow forever and hes too shy to make a move himself since he got to know me well...so I dont know what to do :(		
I dont know what to do :( My 1st LOVE is an alcoholic/drug abuser, HELP		We have known eachother for a year and liked eachother when he got to know me he became extremely shy overtime I think he grew to love me (people tell me by he does) & Hes very honest and open with me. Hes shy around only me, when he got to know me he got very shy/breathless and its taken a year for him to finally be himself. In 2009 He said online "I used to be a bastard to girls and now karma is getting me back for it." "He finds it very difficult to place my trust in anyone, he always think people are talking about him behind his back." He has a problem with alcohol abuse and smokes weed. And hes extremely insecure/paranoid... (^ found out that as he told me except the insecure part I can see that myself) He started drinking too much and put weed/booze infront of his ex, thats why she dumped him. (year ago, found out that online, he doesnt know I know) He gets angry far too quickly as he has a lot of repressed anger inside him. But he knows I dont like it so he controls it and walks way when hes angry and he NEVER points his anger at me when hes angry. I cried so much at the thought of loosing my first love so I dont want to move on, Ive never had a boyfriend plus Im very strong so I can handle it. I dont have his number and we leave class tommorow forever and hes too shy to make a move himself since he got to know me well...so I dont know what to do :( whats my options?		
Advice for at home opiate and alcohol detox		I have been friends with (my now ex boyfriend) for over a year. In the last year three times I have seen and stood beside him while he has battled with and attempted to quit his opiate addiction. He always tries to take care of it himself though. The most recent time was the most severe. In the beginning of May he left town and chose to detox alone, however he replaced with alcohol and came home worse than he had been before. He went to his family Dr and was prescribed anti depressant/anti anxiety which over time helped with his suicidal tendancies but not really much help for the anxiety which was the purpose for his drug and alcohol abuse. He is EXTREMELY uncomfortable around people when sober, has been since he was a kid, even his own family. It was after his most recent attempt to quit that we started dating. Long story short he relapsed last week and we didn?t work out. He continues to come back to me asking for my help and saying he wants to quit and I know that it is only a matter of time before he does this again. Next time however I want to have a plan in place to say look, you cant do it alone, do it right or don?t come back. My idea is to take him out of town and help him through a complete ?at home? detox in a hotel somewhere he cant be disturbed, then bring him home and send him straight to the counseling center to continue and seek professional help. Inpatient rehab is not an option as his insurance does not cover this because they consider his substance abuse a ?preexisting condition?. My questions is does any one have advice or suggestions for how to do this at home detox and treating withdrawl symptoms? I was thinking of having him go straight to the Dr either before or after any suggestions for questions to ask and things to take care of at that point? Also if anyone is able to discuss this further with me all information is greatly appreciated.	Additional Details He is not a ragining alcoholic. I had hear of the suboxone before, actually before his most recent relapse had him talked in to and made an appointment for him to get more information on it. At this point there is no talking or rationalizing with him as he is so high he does not know which way is up. However, history repeats itself and I know that he will come back again. This time I want to be prepared to do it right.	
What kind of alcohol beverage is abused the most		Alcohol abuse is highly known and is a really big problem. I controversial suggestion was made to make alcohol illegal but not all types of alcohol is abused. Im here to ask of all the types of alcoholic beverages (wine, gin, beer, vodka, whiskey, etc.) in the world, which alcohol is the most highly abused? Please show source(s) also.		
Why is quitting alcohol so darn hard		Well first off Im a loser. All I do is lose lose lose. When I was I think like 17? 17 or 18 I became addicted to opiates after I had a staph infection and then I tried heroin (dont bother wondering why because I really dont know). I kinda became addicted for like 6 months maybe but I was able to quit cold turkey. Yes it was agonizing to quit but after the first severe withdrawls I was able to stop doing it. But then I started drinking more and after a while I became an alcoholic... it was enjoyable sorta because I figured its safer than heroin and easier to quit but oh god. Its safe to say my life is the zenith of pathetic. Its gotten to where Im stealing bikes from kids and stealing whatever I can, Im not an evil person or anything I dont like to steal but I cant hold a job worth a ****. I dont believe in god so that 12 step nonsense means 0 to me. I can drink a fourth a bottle of vodka and really not feel anything, just the other day I didnt have any booze I figured if I can cold turkey smack this hsould be a cake walk but it was just as painful but unlike heroin the withdrawals were nothing shy of terrifying like to where I felt like my brain was going to crap out. I felt feverish and began just going psycho like there was a person living in my brain idk how to describe it.. needless to say every1 I know has given up on me and I dont blame them when I was having my alcohol withdrawal I cut some weird design in my hand with a steak knife. Idk why alcohol is so addictive I thought it would be helpful for getting my mind off smack but I never knew it was THIS bad. Are there any drugs to help u quit alcohol cuz its not enjoyable anymore I want to be a clean person but idk		
Is it alcohol withdrawal		My boyfriend of 2 years has been drinking at least 7 beers a day for the passed year and a half or so. I dont know if thats considered an addict but a week ago I asked him to stop drinking or to cut down and he agreed to it. Hes been trying stop but lately he isnt being himself, hes been very serious, looks depressed, hes confused and hes pushing me away. He asked me for space but I feel that I have to be there for him. I think hes going though an alcohol withdrawal but Im not sure. Im afraid that it will get worse. I love him dearly and Im worried about him, but what can I do to help him?		
What alcohol helps overcome shyness and how much of it would you need		JUST WONDERING because theres so much alcohol abuse due to social anxiety.		
Alcohol makes me feel better about myself		Im 18 and I graduated high school but im not happy and when i drink I feel better like my confidence is increased and I actually like myself. I hate myself because I dont have many friends that care about me and no gf. I had horrible times in middle school and high school because I have aspergers syndrome, add, and anxiety disorders (with all of that I was akward) and I never got invited to a high school party. All the gfs i had were eithe heart breaks or we were not bonding well. Im mostly friends with my older bro (23 years old) and his friends I started drinking during new years with my bro and his friends. I drank last night with my bro and couple of his friends and when I was drunk I felt so much better about myself and i had no anxiety and I was proud that i was alive. what do yall think cause to me this is messed up because I feel beer makes me so much better I was about to drink some of my dads beer but I was afraid he would notice if one of his beers was missing		
HELP, Drug & Alcohol Test.... I cant afford to re-take test again. Please help.		1. Drugs such as Codeine and Morphine are _____ A. depressants. B. hallucinogens. C. narcotics. 2. White or Red signs______ A. indicate. B. regulate. C. direct. 3. ______ keep people from doing things they know are dangerous A. Inhibitions B. Individual personalities C. Neither of the above 4. When people become addicted to alcohol or drugs, there is a cost in __________ A. loss of trust among family members. B. loss of friendships. C. Both A and B 5. Which of the following statements is false? Your driving record __________ A. can be checked by your insurance company. B. cannot be accessed by anyone except the an official public agency. C. keeps track of all your tickets and crashes. 6. The maximum speed limit for a school zone in Florida is _____ A. 15 m.p.h. unless otherwise marked. B. usually 10 m.p.h. but never higher than 25 m.p.h. C. usually 20 m.p.h. but never higher than 25 m.p.h. 7. The brain plays no role in addiction. A. TRUE B. FALSE 8. Which of the following is NOT a big concern when driving on country roads? A. Slow-moving farm equipment B. Livestock C. High Occupancy Lanes 9. Most addicts started using their drug of choice with the intention of becoming a drug addict. A. True B. False 10. ___________ happens when people cross that line and drink or use drugs at a level that causes problems in one or more areas of their lives. A. Alcoholism B. Complications C. Abuse 11. Girls who drink are more susceptible to sexual assault. A. True B. False 12. The third thing alcohol affects is _____ A. reaction time. B. vision. C. judgment. 13. At 55 mph it will take you approximately _____ feet to stop the car. A. 5 feet B. 100 feet C. 228 feet 14. As long as narcotics are prescribed by a doctor, their use will not lead to addiction. A. True B. False 15. White lines are always solid, never broken. A. TRUE B. FALSE 16. 458. There is the same amount of alcohol in a glass of wine, can of beer and a shot of liquor. A. TRUE B. FALSE 17. The ability to obtain a drivers license and drive a car is a _______ A. right. B. privilege. C. Neither of the above. 18. Your total stopping distance includes ______ A. the distance traveled in feet before your foot hits the brake. B. the total distance required to bring your car to a full stop. C. Both A and B 19. Those addicted to drugs and alcohol should be able to easily quit their drug use if they just make a decision to quit. A. True B. False 20. Many blind pedestrians are hit from behind as they cross the street by_______when the driver just wasnt paying close enough attention to the road. A. drivers who are speeding B. cars that are turning a corner C. drivers who were adjusting their radio 21. To be safe, you should ______ A. always reduce your speed at an intersection. B. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a flashing yellow light, C. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a traffic light. 22. Although the "perception" is that everyone is using alcohol and drugs, the statistics show they are not. A. True B. False 23. Gateway drugs are normally not addictive. A. True B. False 24. Most collisions are caused by ____ A. drivers falling asleep at the wheel. B. road Rage. C. drivers attitude. 25. About 32% of fatalities on the road are related to alcohol. A. TRUE B. FALSE 26. While their rational of a drug users mind knows that they shouldnt use it again, another part of the brain overrides such warnings. A. True B. False 27. The cost to society for underage alcohol use is more than $ _____ per year for every man, woman and child in the United States. A. 50 B. 100 C. 200 28. _____ are the leading cause of death for 15- to 20-year-olds A. Suicides B. Motor vehicle crashes C. Gunshot wounds 29. If a persons body becomes so accustomed to a particular drug that it can only function normally if the drug is present, that person is ______ the drug. A. dependent on B. tolerant of C. reliant on 30. Even one drink can make you an unsafe driver. A. TRUE B. FALSE 31. A driver can be charged with DUI for driving while under the influence of an over-the-counter cold medication. A. True B. False 32. You can get a DUI from ___ A. aspirin. B. vitamins. C. cough medicine. 33. If you are involved in a skid, what should you NEVER do? A. Ease your foot off the gas pedal. B. Try to maintain control of the vehicle. C. Slam on the brakes. 34. A disadvantage of driving a motorcycle is that ____ A. you cannot stop as quickly as a car. B. you have less protection in a collision. C. either A or B 35. You can counteract the depressant effects of alcohol by taking a stimulant. A. True B. False 36. LSD can make a person __ A. have illusions and hallucinations. B. sleep better. C. feel more perceptive. 37. The chance of be		
Please Help, Drug & Alcohol test. Ive already Failed, i cant afford to re-take it again i really need help.		1. Drugs such as Codeine and Morphine are _____ A. depressants. B. hallucinogens. C. narcotics. 2. White or Red signs______ A. indicate. B. regulate. C. direct. 3. ______ keep people from doing things they know are dangerous A. Inhibitions B. Individual personalities C. Neither of the above 4. When people become addicted to alcohol or drugs, there is a cost in __________ A. loss of trust among family members. B. loss of friendships. C. Both A and B 5. Which of the following statements is false? Your driving record __________ A. can be checked by your insurance company. B. cannot be accessed by anyone except the an official public agency. C. keeps track of all your tickets and crashes. 6. The maximum speed limit for a school zone in Florida is _____ A. 15 m.p.h. unless otherwise marked. B. usually 10 m.p.h. but never higher than 25 m.p.h. C. usually 20 m.p.h. but never higher than 25 m.p.h. 7. The brain plays no role in addiction. A. TRUE B. FALSE 8. Which of the following is NOT a big concern when driving on country roads? A. Slow-moving farm equipment B. Livestock C. High Occupancy Lanes 9. Most addicts started using their drug of choice with the intention of becoming a drug addict. A. True B. False 10. ___________ happens when people cross that line and drink or use drugs at a level that causes problems in one or more areas of their lives. A. Alcoholism B. Complications C. Abuse 11. Girls who drink are more susceptible to sexual assault. A. True B. False 12. The third thing alcohol affects is _____ A. reaction time. B. vision. C. judgment. 13. At 55 mph it will take you approximately _____ feet to stop the car. A. 5 feet B. 100 feet C. 228 feet 14. As long as narcotics are prescribed by a doctor, their use will not lead to addiction. A. True B. False 15. White lines are always solid, never broken. A. TRUE B. FALSE 16. 458. There is the same amount of alcohol in a glass of wine, can of beer and a shot of liquor. A. TRUE B. FALSE 17. The ability to obtain a drivers license and drive a car is a _______ A. right. B. privilege. C. Neither of the above. 18. Your total stopping distance includes ______ A. the distance traveled in feet before your foot hits the brake. B. the total distance required to bring your car to a full stop. C. Both A and B 19. Those addicted to drugs and alcohol should be able to easily quit their drug use if they just make a decision to quit. A. True B. False 20. Many blind pedestrians are hit from behind as they cross the street by_______when the driver just wasnt paying close enough attention to the road. A. drivers who are speeding B. cars that are turning a corner C. drivers who were adjusting their radio 21. To be safe, you should ______ A. always reduce your speed at an intersection. B. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a flashing yellow light, C. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a traffic light. 22. Although the "perception" is that everyone is using alcohol and drugs, the statistics show they are not. A. True B. False 23. Gateway drugs are normally not addictive. A. True B. False 24. Most collisions are caused by ____ A. drivers falling asleep at the wheel. B. road Rage. C. drivers attitude. 25. About 32% of fatalities on the road are related to alcohol. A. TRUE B. FALSE 26. While their rational of a drug users mind knows that they shouldnt use it again, another part of the brain overrides such warnings. A. True B. False 27. The cost to society for underage alcohol use is more than $ _____ per year for every man, woman and child in the United States. A. 50 B. 100 C. 200 28. _____ are the leading cause of death for 15- to 20-year-olds A. Suicides B. Motor vehicle crashes C. Gunshot wounds 29. If a persons body becomes so accustomed to a particular drug that it can only function normally if the drug is present, that person is ______ the drug. A. dependent on B. tolerant of C. reliant on 30. Even one drink can make you an unsafe driver. A. TRUE B. FALSE 31. A driver can be charged with DUI for driving while under the influence of an over-the-counter cold medication. A. True B. False 32. You can get a DUI from ___ A. aspirin. B. vitamins. C. cough medicine. 33. If you are involved in a skid, what should you NEVER do? A. Ease your foot off the gas pedal. B. Try to maintain control of the vehicle. C. Slam on the brakes. 34. A disadvantage of driving a motorcycle is that ____ A. you cannot stop as quickly as a car. B. you have less protection in a collision. C. either A or B 35. You can counteract the depressant effects of alcohol by taking a stimulant. A. True B. False 36. LSD can make a person __ A. have illusions and hallucinations. B. sleep better. C. feel more perceptive. 37. The chance of being involved in a collision rises	Additional Details 37. The chance of being involved in a collision rises dramatically after ___________ A. one drink. B. two or three drinks. C. five or more drinks. 38. Alcohol is a ___________ A. stimulant, increasing awareness and energy B. depressant that effects the central nervous system. C. Neither A nor B 39. Your driving record will never be available to the public. A. TRUE B. FALSE 40. A large car fire presents the possibility of __________ A. an explosion. B. toxic fumes. C. both of the above Please if you could help i would really appretiate it.	
Im an alcoholic with no friends, no job, no family, and no money. So guess what happened today		I got alcohol! A BUNCH! HAHAHAHAHA! This is great for me. Now I get to dive into never never land where i NEVER have to have ANY responsibility or hygiene! LOL I got my ramen, my Mountain Dew, my bananas (like a millione of em) and my music. Im set! Whatdu think of that?	Additional Details Kurious: your tax dollars absolutely went to all those things. Livin high on the hog and it just so happens that the hog is uncle sam. You tax [uncle! lol im supper drunk.	
Alcohol that isnt acidic..			I have a lot of stomach problems, mainly that i have too much acid. Diet coke i recently cut out because it is acidic, and i was wondering what alcoholic drinks i could have without it having the worst effect. Alco pops destroy me as they are full of sugar, additives and acid. Please dont comment saying dont drink, i am 21 and i do socialise quite a lot in situations involving alcohol. are there any stomach friendly drinks?	
My Father is an Alcoholic and Im concerned with him		Hello, my father has been an alcoholic for as long as I could remember. He drinks every night and its very expensive. My mother has tried to talk to him many times about his habit. If this wasnt bad enough, he also has diabetes, which I assume will affect him even more since alcohol is involved. He also spends too much money on things that he buys online, which we hardly ever end up using. He just puts them into whatever room of the house, and its junking up the place. Both myself and my mother are tired of this behavior. My father always tends to get angry at me for tiny things like asking questions or other things of the nature. He is usually always angry or grumpy, drunk or not, and I dont like it. I dont want him to end up like stories Ive seen of similar occurrences. I dont like his habit of alcoholism and Im pretty sure he may be a pornography addict as well, sadly. Every night, he drinks as soon as he gets home from work, until some late hour at night, when he usually ends up sleeping on the couch in front of the TV. Im not sure what I can do. I love my father, but I sure dont love his habits. Im just tired of it, and Ive been living with it all my life, but any help I get from you all, thanks ahead of time.	Additional Details Also, to try and cope with this, I usually result to playing video games and drowning out whatever emotions I feel with them. I know its probably not the best thing to do, but it works for me.	
How often do you drink alcohol		what kind?		
In what f**king world is WEED more healthier than alcohol and cigars!		someone please compare the casualties of alcohol & cigars AND weed. There is no way that weed is healthier, why would they make it illegal if its more safer?!?	Additional Details Grammar needs correcting?! This is America, ever heard of freedom of speech lol	
Help please What is this liver disease caused by alcohol		The part of the body that gets alcohol out of the bloodstream is the liver. When this organ has been damaged by alcohol abuse but can still recover if the person begins to abstain from alcohol, this is called __________________. thanks so much! I cant find the answer anywhere.		
Why is alcohol legal, and not pot		Plase somebody tell me why we llegalize alcohol but not pot? ?5% of all deaths from diseases of the circulatory system are attributed to alcohol. ? 15% of all deaths from diseases of the respiratory system are attributed to alcohol. ? 30% of all deaths from accidents caused by fire and flames are attributed to alcohol. ? 30% of all accidental drownings are attributed to alcohol. ? 30% of all suicides are attributed to alcohol. ? 40% of all deaths due to accidental falls are attributed to alcohol. ? 45% of all deaths in automobile accidents are attributed to alcohol. ? 60% of all homicides are attributed to alcohol. An exhaustive search of the literature finds no credible reports of deaths induced by marijuana. The US Drug Abuse Warning Network (DAWN) records instances of drug mentions in medical examiners reports, and though marijuana is mentioned, it is usually in combination with ALCOHOL or other drugs. Marijuana alone has not been shown to cause death. Lets face drunks are unhappy people and pot smokers are happy people!!!!		
Advice on alcoholism and depression		Hello. A family member of mine has been suffering from what I think is alcoholism for the past couple of years. This means that despite our family members upset over the issue, he/she will often lie about going out in order to get drunk, and thus returning home drunk. This is mainly due to what I think may be depression over events over the past couple of years, including job issues. Often he/she will act out over the smallest things e.g. dropping a cup, and will often hit their head with their hand or swear or call themselves names. This is deeply upsetting for not only myself, but my family members, and has been happening for a very long time (over two years). We have no idea what to do. We dont have much money, so I dont think we could afford any professional help. Its embarressing to confront the issue and he/she does not like interventions and, when we do confront him/her, they will often agree and disregard any advice the following week. We have tried Church to perhaps give himself/herself a sense of belonging but it hasnt really helped. Please can I get some advice on this?		
How can i help my alcoholic son		How can I help my 32 year old alcoholic son? He has had a six month rehabilitation course which he completed completely sober. He self harms and texts me with suicide threats. He drinks white cider daily until he passes out then wets himself. He doesnt eat for days and days then collapses and gets hospitalized - a couple of days on librium then back home and same thing happens agains. He lives alone, has no friends and no social life. I helped him get on the property ladder 5 years ago by giving him the deposit to purchase a house. He is now unemployed and relying on benefits. I have taken over his mortgage and every time he gets the red reminder for bills, I end up paying them. I know the easiest thing would be to stop paying his bills but my life savings are in his property and I will lose thousands if I allow the house to be repossessed. He doesnt attend any of the follow up appointments made for him whilst in rehab so the alcohol team have now discharged him for non attendance. I am at my wits end and this is making me desparetely ill. Please someone advise me.		
Why do Christians revere alcohol and intoxication		Read this : "Alcohol abuse kills some 75,000 Americans each year and shortens the lives of these people by an average of 30 years, a U.S. government study suggested Thursday. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which published the study, estimated that 34,833 people in 2001 died from cirrhosis of the liver, cancer and other diseases linked to drinking too much beer, wine and spirits. Another 40,933 died from car crashes and other mishaps caused by excessive alcohol use" God bless America! what a blessing is that ? May Allah guide America to Islam		
According to Christianity is it bad to consume alcohol		I know its not a sin b/c well its not listed as one it is just something that easily leads to sin, but I dont think the consumption itself is a sin. So since its not a sin does that mean there should be no feeling of guilt or wrongness if I decide to drink it? Im not too used to alcohol. Even though Im 21 I rarely drink it. One time I was home and tried to get drunk but couldnt. I saw it as something fun and innocent as I was alone in my house and not endangering anyone else. So is drinking alcohol wrong according to Christianity?	Additional Details I try to get drunk since Ive never been drunk before. I really wanna try and play my simulation racing game while drunk to test my driving skills! My only intention is to alter my state and just get a better understanding of drunkenness. I think the alcohol itself is nasty and unhealthy so I only drink like once every 2 or 3 months and only a little. Ive only tried to get drunk once before.	
Alcohol shakes how long do they take to go away		hi im 20 years old 511 and 11 stone i have been on holiday for the last 3 weeks and had a big night out with my friends before i left then i had a drink in the airport and a beer for 5 matches in the euros just 1 beer each match aswell as 5 nights drinking around 5 - 6 pints a night playing cards my hards have started to shake im not a long term heavy drinker but because im on holiday i thought i would go all out can some 1 tell me how long it will last and any way to speed the recovery process up im back at work in 2 days		
Could I become addicted to alcohol after just 5 shots of vodka				
What happens if i iv alcohol		I am a heroin addict and while waiting for a plane at JFK in the parking lot, I mixed up my bottle of water with my bottle of vodka (same Poland Spring bottle). I mixed up my last shot with VODKA and when I untied and got hit with a rush like like none other. Then, I took a sip of vodka (ooops, water!) and discovered my mistake. Well....I REALLY want to do this again. Nothing bad happened, so - any docs in the house? I am a molecular immunologist, but dont quite know about the physiology of veins/etc.		
Will it go against me if I admit to my doctor that I am an alcoholic		I just cant deny it any more and I want help but Im worried that if it goes on my medical record I will be labelled and also that I will have to admit this to my employers. I am a senior manager, what a disgrace I am.		
What does it mean when your ankles swell real bad only when drinking alcohol				
Can long term memory loss occur due to alcohol abuse		I had a recently got hospitalised for alcohol abuse -- 3 days later I am finding it hard to concentrate and I really am struggling to remember small details. I am 15 years old how long will this affect me?		
Why do so many people drink alcohol			I just dont understand. It is also rare that many people dont drink it ever in there life. It causes numerous deaths to the people consuming it, and innocent people from a lot of drinking and driving. It also makes you feel horrible in the morning, destroys your liver, and is just overall unhealthy. The taste is bitter and bad as well. Yet in restaurants, parties, etc drinking alcohol is considered normal. I dont ever want to drink it it, is horrible. I think Marijuana should replace it and become legal as it is much less harmful to your body than alcohol is. If you become addicted to it or an alcoholic, i becomes very comparable with smoking cigarettes. Why do people still drink it and why is it considered so normal?	
Alcohol and drugs Assignment		What are some information that will lead to good choices about alcohol and drugs? Also where to get more information and help? Thankyou for helping :D		
Does alcohol detox physically & mentally hurt		& if it does, how much would it & how long would it take to recover from the pain?		
My father is an alcoholic and a wife beater, what can I do		I do not really know where to start and Im not really sure if anyone will even care to read this??!! Up until 2 days ago everything was "normal" in my life. I got a phone call off my dads girlfriend (his girlfriend of 17 years). Normally when my phone rings after 9 O clock and its my dad or his girlfriend I do not answer, they are both alcoholics and it just upsets me hearing them. This time however after 5 missed calls I gathered something must be wrong. On answering the phone I heard Sarahs* voice, she was crying. She asked me what was wrong with my dad lately? Is he gone crazy? He accused her of having affairs. He bet her to the ground and she had to hold a pillow to her face so she would not have any questionable marks on her face for work in the morning. Obviously straight away I felt sick and felt partly responsible as he is my father, I apologized. I then rang her daughter and told her " I am so so sorry my dad has just beaten the **** out of your mother". I feel ashamed and disgusted that he made half of me. My mother and father divorced when I was 7 years old, I remember him beating her. I have always been afraid of my father after seeing what he is capable of. I am sitting here crying because I thought he had somehow changed over the years. He has no notion of quitting. My brother who is almost 21 is the very same although he started at 11, he has done every drug imaginable, including heroin, although he is clean now he has turned into an alcoholic instead of a drug user. He has been in rehab 3 times. My mother recently moved away I feel totally alone. My father has made me feel nothing but upset and anger in all my life but I still have not given up hope, I need a father in my life. Hes an alcoholic woman beater but I am still determined I can change him although I am scared to try in case it does not work!!! I am scared and I really do not know what to do. Trying to type everything is impossible I have left lots out but this is the bones of it. Any advise would be really appreciated?? I do not know what to do or what can I do? I want to "cure" him!!		
Anxiety depression and alcohol		I have panic disorder depression, and slight agoraphobia. My doctor, about a month a go prescribed zoloft, which got rid of the depression, but not the anxiety. she then gave me Ativan, which helps, but is basically a short-term "fix." I began integrating beer, which completely dissolves the panic attacks. I dont drink too much, just enough to get rid of it, and then im fine, but I dont really want to rely on alcohol for panic relief. She recently prescribed me Buspar as well, but online I read that they can have bad side effects when they are taken together. I dont know if this is the case, considering everyone is different, but Im afraid to take them now after reading into it. Do you know if they react badly to one another? And also please dont give me options for anxiety that include any of the following, which I have already tried. Therapy, herbal supplements, exercise, distractions etc. Believe me, I have tried it all. I just would like a legitimate response about ways to delete the alcohol, and if the buspar will react badly or give me un-wanted side effects due to the drug interactions. Thank you...	Additional Details Lol, thanks for the ego boost....	
D & C, miscarriage, alcohol		I have a friend that I work with. She was 7 weeks preggo. She find out she miscarried last week. She still has not had a D&C because she is having a hard time accepting it. Now she is heavily drinking alcohol. How much damage is she doing to herself by still having that dead fetus/embryo in her and drinking all that alcohol? Just curious.		
Is this a sign of bipolar disorder, or alcoholism		My ex had a lot of problems. She hated committing to things, had insecurities, was promiscuous with short relationships, one night stands and cheating, used to be a meth addict and drug dealer but stopped when she got a felony, grew up rich but raised by nannies not by her mom. So she settled down a bit when we started dating, we were together 2 years, but there sometimes shed do really weird things.. for example My birthday we were drinking, she got really drunk. She drinks almost every day, but only gets this drunk 1-2 times a week. She started wandering away from the party, so I went after her. She said she wanted to go somewhere and explore. I said I wanted to stay with my friends, but she kept leaving. This is a bad neighborhood at 2am, I didnt want her to be alone. So finally I said lets go home. As we were walking home she kept trying to pick fights with people, she mentioned several times she wanted to break into peoples homes/cars. This truck of a dozen frat guys drove by and were cat calling her and she wanted to get into the truck with them. I finally linked arms with her and told her lets just go home. She started insulting me and telling me to let her go. I told her that she couldnt afford another mark on her record and she didnt say anything, but after she would insult me she would laugh and be normal with me joking around. It was so strange and it seemed like her moods were shifting so fast. Her councilor mentioned she might be bipolar right before she stopped going to her. This happened another time when we were drunk, the next day she said she didnt remember anything. What was her problem?		
How damaged is my brain from alcohol 		I have tasted it once in a while since I was a kid. At 16 I only got really drunk once. I regretted it ever since. I got a bad headache from drinking half of a beer today (what does that mean)(its been like three months since I got drunk). Anyway thats my alcohol life (Ive done zero drugs) (weak, I know). Have I really messed up my brain so much since that? How much alcohol is necessary to cause me to drop in grades and all that negative stuff?		
Why do Christians revere alcohol and intoxication		Read this : "Alcohol abuse kills some 75,000 Americans each year and shortens the lives of these people by an average of 30 years, a U.S. government study suggested Thursday. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which published the study, estimated that 34,833 people in 2001 died from cirrhosis of the liver, cancer and other diseases linked to drinking too much beer, wine and spirits. Another 40,933 died from car crashes and other mishaps caused by excessive alcohol use" God bless America! what a blessing is that ? May Allah guide America to Islam	Additional Details Voice : yeah christians only launch only clean nuclear bombs of women and kids like what they did for Japanese civilians. Laifs: are you claiming that americans dont use drugs? duh	
Would i get addicted to alcoholic drinks if i start to drink wine			Well...im almost 19 and im virgin to alcohol drinks (and any kinda smoking) but lately im having second thoughts. A lil part of me wants to drink and feel that buzz people feel. But im really afraid of not being able to control myself and falling into alcoholism and become addicted. ALL of my family drink.. since my young age ive being suggested to start to drink wine or beer but ive always refused. Honestly i hate those kinda things... but i mention earlier... im kind of having second thoughts about it.	Additional Details Im just curious about the "buzz" thats all.
Army - i am 17 and i drink alcohol, does the test or meps check for alcohol		i was asking note i am underage..........so would them say dude your underage, and drinking get to hell out of here...btw i dont do drugs .........plz dont tell me i should not be drinking.. just answer the question		
A straight and atheist person lives his life without sex or alcohol - Whats he called		The person is straight and perfectly healthy - Meaning he has normal sex drive and no disease that disallows him to consume alcohol. The person is atheist - He thinks that gods and religions are the most ridiculous joke invented by mankind. And, the person didnt go through any trauma or abuse/sexual abuse in his childhood, or ever at all. Yet the same person doesnt want to get his pleasure through sex and alcohol even a tiny little bit, he got other ways of enjoying life. So, is there a definition for this type of person? Ive seen a few definition but they dont fit 100%: Asexual - Doesnt fit since it means the person doesnt even have a sex-drive due to some hormonal disfunction or anything like that. Celibate - In this definition, theres too much emphasis on catholic priests and beliefs in gods and that kinda stuff. Like I said, the person is 100% healthy and doesnt believe in anything spiritual. Oh, and hes an over 30 years old happy man, not some troubled depressed teenager. He simply says "Screw having sex and drinking alcohol, those are disgusting behaviors". Any definition for that?	Additional Details Many of you ask why im trying to "label" this thingy. As much as I hate "labeling", im simply trying to find a community that fits what I wrote. When I went to asexual forums/groups/whatever, I didnt feel like im one of them since they dont have sex drives to begin with, or they do have them but theyre not attracted to men nor women. Same goes for celibacy - They all talked about "purifying the soul and body" or "being one with god" and all that weird stuff that I really dont believe in. So yeah, im trying to find a "definition" for what I described above to try to find others who live life like I do. If not, then I guess im all alone :D Thanks for the answers so far!	
Drug experts say alcohol is 3 times worse than heroine or cocaine. Why cant I do heroine or cocaine then		Look up the first part of my title. Theres a Reuters report on this. Why is alcohol legal but heroine and cocaine arent? I know - its because Rich White Corporate America loves to drink alcohol too much to ban it!		
Marijuana or Alcohol. Which repercussions are worse from a non bias point of view.		My friend and I were arguing over which one was worse. Both of us just finished high school and we dont drink or smoke but we were talking about which one was worse. I said alcohol because of the toll alcohol does to your kidneys, heart, brain, and other vital organs. I personally know someone who had died due to organ failure because of his drinking problem. You can also get addicted to it and it causes terrible judgement. My friend said weed because of legality issues with it, if you are caught with possession of marijuana, youre pretty much f*****ed or if you have to take a drug test for a job and and how it just makes people lazy. Plus it messes up your lungs like any other smoke but I was telling him that there are other ways to put in THC in the body besides smoking it, for example a vaporizer rarely has any smoke in it or just plain eating it. Im looking for a completely neutral point of view, which one is worse physically and mentally. Not legally because that one is pretty obvious. Plus how long does it take for THC to excrete the body compared to alcohol.		
My alcoholic step-father!		I was brought up more or less by my mum and my step father from the age of 11. I am now in my 30s. My step dad is an alcoholic and has been offered help numerous times over the years but turns it down or cant stick it out! My issue is he has 4 children of his own who are all in there 30s who have children of there own, My step dad has made no attemp to see them in years because of alcohol abuse and isnt allowed to see them by his children because he has been given numerous chances to make things better and hasnt. I just wanted to know what ppl thought of this? And other similar stories. My childhood its self wasnt great because of alcohol and fighting, Not fysical! Just arguing all the time and spending all the money on drink, So I havnt had a relationship with him or my mum in 2 years due to other things happening and have a 10 yr old myself and wouldnt want her going through the same thing so she hasnt stayed at theres for 2 yrs now. Opinions would be great, Thanks	Additional Details Sorry to hear that holly, Yes its hard living with an alcoholic but he needs help, He sounds worse than my step dad, but he was similar to thatwhen i was 16 so i know how frustrating it is. hope things get better for you . :)	
Is it normel for a 16 year old to be allowed alcohol		im irish this is the thing in ireland all my friends are allowed drink im allowed drink does this happen in other countries		
I have an alcoholic brother!!! Can someone help		He is 24 years old a high school drop out, has no job. He lives with my mom and my 2 brothers one of them is mentally retarded and the other is kind of sick. He is an annoying person even when he is sober he is so cocky that he did football back in high school and he thinks he is though!!! He treats everyone like **** he just sits on the couch and watches sport center and he has been doing that for almost 10 years the only reason he gets out of the couch is to go take a S**t and drink he doesnt want help, he destroys the house and acts like his king of the house. we threw him out the streets so many times but comes back and knocks on the door he been arrested so many times I dont know what to do!! if he gets a job hE spends all the money on vodka he doesnt Wana finish high school. i try getting him into church but he just laugh at the bible and throw it at me like saying F**K GOD and what so MESS UP HE TREATS MY MENTAL BROTHER LIKE SHYT HE EVEN SAID TO HIM F**K SO MANY TIMES TO HIM SND BULLYS HIM I defend .him but my mom gets mad at me cause she thinks I caused it and I dont get along with him someone help me PLEASE!!! I even found him in the streets at midnight past our and I was 10 and alone I dont know if he was dead or alive I was their for an hour crying and people just walk by and laugh at me and when I told him I did that for him he just laugh at me.		
What are some alcoholism signs		Im 18. I live in a city where theres house parties couple times a week. (southern cali) . I have been drinking for 2 years now. About 4 to 5 times a month and when i say drink i mean till i dont remember nights. Where i live all the 18 year olds go clubbing south of the border into tijuana i go every fridays. Now when im at the beach or hanging out with friends i find myself getting drunk. Idk if im addicted but i do need it to have fun and be more outgoing. When i see a beer or soneone drinking it makes me want to drink. And when i drink i keep going till i get wasted. My uncles were heavy drinkers and coc addicts but they changed after rehab. My father nor mother drinks. So i know im not getting it from them. My cousin who is 19 just got out of a rehab center due to drinking i dont want to fall in his shoes. how can you tell if your addicted?		
Should I be attending AA Am I an alcoholic			For the past three or four months I have been struggling with it. I was addicted to pills big time, then I started smoking pot all day, then I also picked up on drinking. For about two months I was drinking everyday. Usually about half a big bottle of vodka and a few beers, and then I would still take my psychiatric drugs on top of that. Because I got horrible insomnia. Then when I tried to quit I am only able to for two or three days before I get into a frenzy and start shaking. Now the most recent thing is the doctor put me on a drug known as antabuse to make me real sick when I drink. Well I lasted about five days and right now I am drinking anyway. BUT I dont have legal problems relating to alcohol<SEMCOL> I have not been CAUGHT driving drunk.. I have done it on many occasions though, and as sick as I have gotten from drinking too much I have never wound up in the hospital. So sometimes I dont feel like belong in AA but I also think things are going downhill. My girlfriend told me I am not an alcoholic. But yesterday I was feeling suicidal because I couldnt have a drink and all of this is starting to scare me a bit.	Additional Details I also hide my liquor and try to find ways to lie about having drank.
How can I help my flatmate who may be an alcoholic		Our new flatmate has been living with us for 6 weeks now, we get along with her really well and shes a real sweetheart. The only problem is her drinking. I dont know if she qualifies as an alcoholic, I dont think it really matters, she drinks 2 bottles of wine when she gets home from work at 5pm, every weeknight. This doesnt bother anyone, although were definitely a bit worried about it. She was in rehab for substance abuse 8 years ago, for three years total. I know she does meth as well cause she came and offered me some one day, which I quickly refused. But Im sure she doesnt do it very often, as wed notice. Anyway yesterday she had a bad day/night. The guy she likes told her he only wants to be friends (hes been stringing her along for a while and she knew it but kept seeing him). He finally told her the truth that he didnt want anything more than sex. She went on a binge as many people do. We got back today from a film shoot and she was asleep on the couch. My flatmate said she drank 3 bottles of wine and a litre of whisky. Im really worried and we dont know what to do. Is there anything to do? Obviously I will try to gently talk to her tomorrow but as I say shes only lived with us 6 weeks and Im not sure how well shell respond. Any advice would be greatly appreciated :) Thanks, J		
To Those who Successfully Recovered from Alcohol Addiction:		Speaking for yourself only, has it ever been possible for you to go back to drinking MODERATELY? (I do NOT mean the psychotic, deadly,out of control, dangerous use/consequences of out of control drinking) simply responsible, casual use after sobriety for a good length of time? Some recovered say yes, some no<SEMCOL> whats YOUR reply?		
How to detox body from alcohol and illegal drugs			I go out every weekend with my friend and we finish a whole 2.6 bottle of whiskey, and we used to do MDMA at the end of the night. I would say we were active in drugs for about less than a year or so and weve decided to put it to an end for good. Ive been sober from drugs about 2 months now, and 1 month from alcohol (and still counting!). My friend can still go out and have fun and not worry about the feeling of depression/anxiety the next day... but I have to. And this is why Im quitting drinking. It sucks, I almost feel like Im missing out on all the fun. I just turned 21 and I know for a fact I took advantage of the years I could have enjoyed having fun =  What are the highly recommended methods to cleanse my body from the abuse of alcohol and past usage of drugs? Please let me know and thank you for your time, its greatly appreciated. :)	
Just curious how did Amy Winehouse die off alcohol poisoning		was it just too much drink that particular night or too much alcohol over a period of time that finally killed her that particular night	Additional Details no the cause of death was alcohol poisoning but I am just curious was it just drinking too much that one night or drinking in excess over a period of time that killed her	
What is the difference between Alcoholism and Alcohol abuse		BQ) I drink once a week but drink heavily. Am I an alcohol addict?		
Alcoholism And Adolescence~ Sociology Projects Topic. Can anyone help me		This is my sociology projects topic. And so can anyone tell me how can this topic be socially significant? That is, how do I relate it with sociology?? In this topic I am mainly concentrating on the questions like "What makes the adolescence drink alcohol?" and "What is its effect?". So can anyone just help me a little with it? Especially with its social significance. Please help.. Thank You.		
Will Ibufrofen and hydrocodone show up on a drug and alcohol test		I just got to call to go Thur a process for a job. They require me to take an alcohol and drug test. I dont do drugs or smoke marijuana. Last nite I had a major headache so I asked my sister what would help. She just had a baby so they gave her some Hydrocodone and Ibuprofen pills so she gave me a couple of each for my headache. I definitely felt better and I fell asleep just fine. Now I got a call from this job and I want to know If these prescription drugs will show up on my drug screening and if it was affect me getting the job if they do show up. I appreciate your help!		
I am 18 years old and smoked cigarettes, drank alcohol, experimented with drugs since 14		Since 14 Ive been smoking on and off around 2-5 cigarettes a week, sometimes more, sometimes less. Ive drank alcohol and smoked weed with blunt wraps since the age of 14 also. Are my chances of getting cancer high? If I quit now, are there ways to reverse this damage I have done to my body? Maybe running everday? I am physically fit, but I feel that I have put my body through a lot over the years. I grew up in an area where drugs, alcohol, and cigarettes are very common among young people, and I got sucked into it very quickly. Ive experimented with drugs and alcohol during these years also and it hurts me to say that I regret this deeply. I want to make a change in my life by parting myself from people I used to hang around, and circumstances I placed myself in. Can I still live a long and healthy life? Can anybody relate? Or at least have some kind of life experiences to help me through this stage?		
Question about becoming addicted to alcohol			So... Im wondering what my risk of getting addicted to alcohol is. Both my grandfathers on both sides of my family are inactive alcoholics, and my dad is also an inactive alcoholic. Ive never gotten drunk before, and Im 18 years old. I would like to drink a little when Im out with my friends, but Im a little unclear what its risks are, and I really dont want to continue the pattern of alcoholics in my family. Im male and I weigh about 170 pounds. Id like to know the risks of just casually drinking a little, getting a little tipsy, and getting drunk. I honestly dont know much about alcohol, so if you need more information, or have a question then just ask and Ill get back to you soon! Thank you!	Additional Details Accidentally I seem to have put this in the wrong category... Sorry about that.
What age would you let your child have there first alcoholic drink		Not getting drunk just having a try		
Which is worst. Not drinking alcohol during the week but getting drunk one night or...		Drinking a little but everyday Which would do more damage		
Do I sound like an alcoholic			I dont crave alcohol on a daily basis. But once I get a few drinks in me it becomes very addictive and I cant stop until 1) the bar closes, 2) Im out of money, 3) Im out of booze. Just like that a few drinks can turn into a bender. Why is it so addictive? Im pretty sure I can stop drinking just as long as I never taste another drink again. But then again, temptation is a *****.	
For Ex-Alcoholics and Heroin Abusers:		First off, congrats on remaining sober and clean! I myself have almost14 months dry of alcohol abuse and I am proud of it. But, while the obsession and craving is gone (and probably will be gone forever<SEMCOL> I am THROUGH w/ that devils piss!), I often wonder: Is it possible for an ex-addict to EVER drink normally and moderately ever again?		
Any new/current information on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome		Doesnt matter the source as long as its credible and not biased. Can be research, case studies, news articles, online videos what ever you may have handy that you can throw at me like a hot potato. Thank you much.	Additional Details Im finding plenty of information on FAS but most of it is from either the 80s or 90s. Im trying to find stuff that is at least from 2003 and beyond.	
My husband drinks a lot... is he an alcoholic and what can I do		My husband drinks a lot and Ive told him several times he has a problem and I want him to see a counsellor. Heres the breakdown of what hes had to drink lately: Fri: 10+ beers Sat: 15+ beers Sun: 2 beers Mon: 15+ beers Tue: 2 beers Wed: 10+ beers Thu: 10+ beers Fri: 10+ beers Sat: 5 beers Sun: 15+ beers Mon: 5 beers Tue: 6 beers Wed: 10+ beers (I use a + to indicate its at least that number) I know this is excessive, but he claims he isnt an alcoholic. He has a job that he goes to everyday, hes never called in sick and is very successful. I keep telling him hes a functional alcoholic, but he thinks thats rubbish - someone who is successful in their career cant be a drunk, in his opinion. He turns into a different person when hes drunk and constantly puts me down. Hes not physically abusive, but he points out my flaws and makes me feel useless. What can I do?		
I hate drug additcts addicted to heavy drugs that make pot smokers look bad nd alcohol needs to be illegal 				
Does your body ever fully recover from recreational drug/alcohol abuse				
How come people believe alcohol isnt as bad as weed			Just because the government makes something legal/illegal doesnt mean it is right/wrong for our body. Cigarettes are legal and look at how many people are addicted and dying from that. We have to make our own choices and not be brainwashed by others. I hate how people think weed is so terrible and a "gateway" drug. Thats a HUGE load of BS. If someone wants to do meth, they are probably going to do it. Not because they smoked weed and want a better high. If people are saying weed makes you dumb blah blah. Take a look at what alcohol does to you. People do the dumbest things when they are "high" or for some reason we have another word for it "drunk" from drinking alcohol. Millions of accidents, kills your liver AND your brain cells. It can also be addicting. Havent people heard of alcoholics? Its pretty harmful. How is that any better than weed? Its hypocritical to say otherwise! Im sick of this whole anti weed. Anti heroine and meth makes sense but weed is on a less intense level than alcohol or these hardcore drugs. The only thing that makes it harmful is when people lace it and thats only happening since they have made it illegal. Im an honor student and I smoked it for four years and I QUIT believe it or not. I have a friend who still smokes and she gets straight As. I definitely would never consider doing other drugs either. Its not addicting and it definitely didnt make me or my friend into an idiot. I have goals in my life and a career Im aiming for. Its up to the person to control their own behavior and make smart or stupid choices in their lives and if they did I dont think weed is to blame for becoming an idiot. They were clearly idiots before they smoked weed and yet the fact that they smoked weed has to be blamed.	Additional Details Im not saying that weed is good for you because it would probably be better to not do anything at all. The thing that gets me annoyed is when people get drunk every weekend and then consider weed a huge deal. It makes more sense to be anti - everything (weed,alcohol,cigarettes) that messes with our consciousness.
What are the signs that someone has alcoholism				
What are some dangers of alcohol		this is for a club that im joining. i have to do a report on effect alcohol can have on your life & if its good enough ill enter a contest & possibly win $100. i have to include direct effects & indirect effects. so far i have: alcohol poisoning, car accidents, going to jail, performing criminal & violent acts, having sex with a stranger (which can cause unwanted pregnancies & stds), stress on a relationship, family trouble, bad judgement & of course hangovers. are there any things that i can add to this list?		
What is more dangerous for the life: a. Narcotics, b. Steroids, c. Cigaretes, d. Alcohol		Please rank them and say for each how many year of life you can expect if you start doing it hard		
Am I an alcoholic...........		I get buzzed or drunk 4-5 days a week. On the days I dont drink, I feel fine as in no withdrawal. But, I feel hopelessly depressed. Once I get a few drinks in me, I feel normal. Not drunk, just normal feeling. The depression disappears for a little while. Is this an alcohol addiction if I dont have physical withdrawal when I dont drink? Im studying to be a RN and personally, I dont want to be an addicted nurse.	Additional Details On another note, I try to limit myself to 2-3 drinks sometimes but once I start, I keep going back for more until Im wasted. Also, alcoholism runs in both sides of my family.	
Poll: would you rather have alcoholism or depression		I can stay sober and get depressed, or drink each night and deal with the health effects of alcohol abuse. Which do you think is worse?		
LEFT MY ALCOHOLIC HUSBAND YESTERDAY AND NOW I FEEL HORRIBLE!		I dont know what to do. This is the second time that I left him. He drinks every night! He doesnt work. He just stays up and play video games until 6am while drinking cans after cans of beers until he pass out. He is also very verbally abusive to me when under the influence of alcohol. He calls me names. All kinds of names. His mouth can be full of really filthy words. He changes into this evil man that I hate so much! The first time I left him, he begged me to come back and that he will change whatsoever so. I felt bad so I gave him a chance. I love him so much but I dont know how to deal with him anymore. We have 3 children to think about. My in-laws are so happy that I left him. Now they want me to divorce him right away. They said he is not a good person. But I think, when he is sober, he is the sweetest man. He loves our family and all that fatherly thing. When I think about divorcing him, I feel like as if deep in my heart -- I do not want to divorce him. I just want to be alone right now. I feel so stressed out and I think I already miss him. Did I do the right thing? Please tell me.		
Parents: teens, drugs, alcohol, and self harm		Well long story short Im gonna be 14 next week and people have been telling me I need help, but I dont think I do. Ive been hospitalized for self harm<SEMCOL> and it helped a little. But my friends have been telling me stop drinking and popping pills. I dont think I need to. I mean I only drink at night, and it helps me feel amazing. Pills? Yeah I do them, but I dont NEED them to function. Its fun, it makes me feel good. So I guess my question is: Do I need help? And if so, what do I need?		
Do you think it is bad to drink (alcohol) once a week		Do you think it is bad to drink (get a buzz) every week- two weeks? christians please dont bother answering.		
I am very concerned for my friend whose father is excessively drinking alcohol and using cocaine and marijuana		He has explicitly told me not to report this, but his father has driven him and his sister while drinking vodka. He is a cocaine addict and also uses marijuana. His feeling of safety with his father is quickly disappearing. He has hit my friends sister in ways he believes playful, and even though she has told him it hurts, he continues to do it. This is where it gets tricky. his father is divorced and his wife knows about all this. My friends mom also knows, but neither of them want to report it. I feel bad for him but he refuses to do anything about it! He doesnt feel safe with his dad but needs to go with his sister to try to protect her. Any ideas on what I can do to help? What will happen if I report it?		
Someone tell me things i should know about drinking/alcohol		haha dumb question..but just like whats common knowledge about drinking. like i dont understand whats the point of drinking if your not going to get smashed. why drink mixed drinks if they dont get you drunk as easy? like whats the difference between rum and tequila and liqueur and vodka etc. lol explain please	Additional Details olaf your GHEY	
Do i have a problem  drug and alcohol		i am a 17 year old and I drink regularly i can drink as soon as i open my eyes, i also dont care what i drink white cider to vodka, i also smoke weed everyday and usually spend 20 pounds a day on it at 2 grams, but i share with my mate. i also used to abuse speed alot and overdosed and stopped using it, but took it again the other day when i was drunk and now i want to take it again.		
Can alcohol withdrawal cause depression and anxiety		I am an alcoholic and I quit drinking two days ago. Ever since I have been pretty depressed. I am on seven different psych meds but I was only taking Seroquel and I was abusing that. I am also anxious around my own girlfriend which is weird. Could some of this be from alcohol withdrawal?		
Why is alcohol legal but milder drugs arent			Alcohol is the most intoxicating drug known to man. Its more intoxicating than heroin and almost as dangerous. I find it odd that mildly intoxicating drugs such as marijuana and opium are illegal, but a disabling heavily intoxicating drug such as alcohol is perfectly legal.	
Children of Alcoholics as Parents: What have you experienced raising your own children		Did you have a parents who was addicted? How were you raised and how do you raise your own kids? What have you learned? Im reading about how children of alcoholics tend to form maladaptive relationships, not trust themselves or others, not express their feelings, avoid conflict, and have ineffective or inefficient parenting. Im wondering how you all have raised kids despite these challenges. Im worried about my future, and whether I should raise kids. Ive worked myself out of the maladaptive relationships, have had plenty of counseling, achieved a lot academically, but still struggle with emotional closeness, expression, and confrontation. Id really appreciate your insights into your parenting experiences.	Additional Details Really enjoying the various perspectives. Keep them coming! Another note - the information is from a text book for a graduate level addictions counseling course, NOT a magazine article. Sounds like some of this has struck a chord. If youre interested, the book is: Foundations of Addiction Counseling (5th ed), Capuzzi & Stauffer. It goes into great detail about family rules (like not talking about the addiction), roles, codependence, family dynamics, and stages.	
Can you go through alcohol detox twice		If you did it once & then you became addicted again with it being worse the second time around, can you get it again? & would it work? I just need a straight up answer with details so please, if you know, itd be greatly appreciated :)		
How long is long term abuse for drugs and alcohol 		i have wondered about this subject for a while now out of curiosity.. i myself and many people i know have struggled with drug and alcohol abuse.. whether its rehabs or the internet i am informed that this drug or that drug will affect you long term in this or that way. it obviously depends on the drug, but what is your opinion of the definition of long term drug or alcohol abuse ?	Additional Details god damn you kev and everything you live for.	
Diversion alcohol and drug test tomorrow			I have an alcohol and drug test tomorrow (UA) and was wondering if I smoked marijuana about a month ago and before then the last time I smoked was 4-20 if it would be out of my system by tomorrow for the UA? Im 57 , 20 years old, weight 152.	
Restyl and alcohol... Effects			i am 32, and suffer from panic disorder (panic attacks specially in flights). Never been on any kind of medication though as i learned how to control my panic attacks... but recently got some stress and depression due to property dealing/loans causing me to lose control on my panic attacks. somebody advised my that restyl makes u feel better. i tried it once and it really did (in the flight). My question is how will restyl affect me if i drink alcohol after taking the pill... cause im not yet habituated to restyl and plan to take it like just twice or thrice a year only in flights. but i gotta drink too ( moderate alcoholic). so does restyl and alcohol mixture have immediate side effects like even if i take once or twice a year or is it long term effect only i.e if im addicted to both restyl and alcohol it will damage me more????	
My freinds turning alcoholic		One of my best freinds is turning into an alcoholic, and the worse thing is we are only 13. He says he drinks when hes depressed, and hes depressed because he drinks and his life is in a mess. Plus yesterday his girlfriend gave him weed and now he says he wants some but is scared about what will happen to him if he takes it again. I dont know what to do. Hes such an awesome guy, but the drink and possibly drugs are going to ruin him. He wont speak to his parents, and as I have never drank alcohol or taken drugs I cant properly understand what hes going through. What can I do to help him? I miss the boy I was freinds with before he started all this.		
Alcohol abuse and depression in teens		My boyfriend is 16 and he has been drinking heavily since he was 12 when we got together (I dont drink myself) but Ive always been fine with it and used the excuse "youre a teenager, youre allowed to drink!" to make him feel better. recently he has been self harming and was hospitalized after a suicide attempt which left me scared. he promised hed stop drinking and he said he did for about a month, until he told me he was lying and that he cant stand being sober, because its not exiting. i dont know hat i can do, he gets angry and acts weird when he doesnt get a drink (shakes, cold sweats etc...) . Ive told him that i will leave him if he doesnt get help. I want to know if there is anything i can do to help him, or should i just leave?	Additional Details Oh and he has told me he has a problem, he just thinks that its cant be fixed :/	
Best psychiatrists in hyderabad for dealing alcohol de addiction cases			My father is a regular alcohol drinker. He addicted to it. Recently, Due to health problem (also my family strong desire), he decided to stop drinking. He is not taking alcohol since last sunday (22 July). From that day on wards he is with all our family members only, taking rest and doing well too. Yet, i thought of doing it under super vision of some good psychiatrists. Requesting all you to suggest me best psychiatrists in hyderabad for dealing de addiction cases.	
Can a person control their brain to stop them from from being addicted to drugs, alcohol, religion & gambling				
What did Buddha say about alcohol and gambling Did he outright forbid them to his followers			Or did he say alcohol and gambling were ok in moderation?	
Most men dont rape, most parents dont abuse, most alcohol users dont get involved in accidents			Why do liberals think that most gun owners kill people?	
Should there be a "welfare store" to prevent recipients from buying cigarettes, alcohol, and junk food		I believe that welfare should only cover necessities - meaning healthy food (produce and meat... not TV dinners and HoHos). I also believe that luxury items should be barred from purchase by welfare recipients. This includes cable TV, cigarettes, alcohol, or Xmas gifts for kids. Do you think a specific store for welfare recipients (or maybe a checkout lane in an existing store) could stop these abuses of the system? I think it would also prevent people from selling food stamps.	Additional Details When I speak of alcohol, cigarettes, etc, Im speaking of cash benefits, which should be used to buy school supplies, toilet paper, and NOTHING ELSE.	
Is stress more poisonous than alcohol			I have an anxiety problem that causes me to always be stressed. My heart rate is often around 100, my hair easily falls out and I have frequent panic attacks. I do the necessary: allow myself to have more free time, meditation or seeing a therapist. Pills my doctor gave me didnt really help so I stopped taking that junk. I never drank any alcohol as a principle and because its poison. I wasnt aware of it containing alcohol when I drank a lot of something sweet last week. I got tipsy and actually felt very relaxed and happy for the first time in ages. Now my mom did kind of a surprising suggestion.. Shes not fond of alcohol, but since it doesnt turn me into an idiot and because she knows Im not prone to becoming an addict, she tells me it might be a good idea for me to get tipsy like that once every week. Her explanation is that alcohol is less poisonous than stress and on top of that, your liver cleanses alcohol from your body whereas stress remains. Would you agree with that reasoning?	
Opinion: Does Alcohol and writing mix				
Is animation a comparable addiction to drugs and alcohol		Someone once said that I was becoming addicted to animation.		
Enabling addict my brother is a loong time user/abuser of drug and alcohol, been in and out of jail MANY time			He recently found my other brother and came to my apt. I want to help but I dont trust him, he had stolen from my other brother before. He use too live with us before and had conflict with My brother and left. I think he stole an old air condition for drug $. Many tried to help him, he burn those bridges. Though he hasnt really done Me wrong, probably cuz he never really had a chance to. Im feeling guilty about ignoring his call when we told him we are going to pick him up and he thinks he can stay with us although Ive explain to him I cant have that becuz Im in no position for it. I know/feel he will steal from us when opportunity strike and get back to drugs.I know he CANT be helped because many had tried and he goes back to his old ways. He had a ok life with job, place to live & car. He ruin it by going his old ways, He been this way for @least 30yrs. I still feel guilty...should I? I am doing whats right...?	
Should I leave my alcoholic husband			Weve had an ongoing problem since he developed a drinking problem after Gastric Bypass Surgery, We had been married 10 years before that, and he didnt drink much all that time. I had never seen him drunk. After Gastric Bypass, two things happened. He replaced food with alcohol, and he realized that with is newly rerouted innards, alcohol goes into his system much faster and he gets an instant high like crack. One drink for a bypass patient is like 6 drinks for a regular person with a normal digestive system. He quickly became addicted to this new feeling and decided drinking was the new thing. I was raised by an alcoholic, and Ill be dipped in s***t before I live with another one. Over the past 7 years since his surgery, he has gone on binges, driven drunk, come home drunk, and passed out on our kitchen floor from alcohol poisoning. We have fought about his drinking and he has promised to stop completely several times, only to relapse a total of 7 times so far. A few months ago, he was all packed up to go on a fishing trip the next morning. He was really looking forward to it. The next morning I woke up and he was still in bed. I woke him up and asked him why he didnt go, and he was stinking drunk. Hed spent the night drinking 20 beers and had passed out. He felt so bad about it he said would quit entirely because of missing his trip and disappointing me. He claimed to realize that he had a problem, but that he could control it. He vowed never to drink again. Over the next few months, there were times that I suspected hed been drinking, and I point blank asked him if he had, and he said no. He even swore on dead mothers graves, etc. No drinking. Last week I came home and found him obviously drunk. He admitted drinking (no choice), and then admitted that he had been drinking all those other times, and had lied to my face about it. He then defended his drinking, and told me he was going to do it if he wanted to. He understands my sensitivity to the issue, my concern for his health and safety, and my anger at him lying to me about it. He refused to get help or admit he has a disease. I think Im ready to say the alcohol wins and I wont fight it anymore. I look at him like a stranger now, someone I once loved and trusted, but no longer. None of our "special things" mean anything to me anymore. I miss loving him, miss the guy he used to be, but its all destoyed now. I can not trust him to tell me the truth, because he lies to me so easily. I know he will drink again, as he is incapable of controlling it and wont get help. Hes trying to be nice to me and go on as if nothing happened, but Im just not into it. I feel dead inside, but profoundly sad at the same time. We were together alomst 20 years . If I leave him it will destroy him, and probably kill my 87 year old father who adores him like a son, and depends on him to take care of me. If I stay it will destroy me. What do you think? Should I leave him now, or wait tuntil my dad passes away some day and try to fake it until then?	
Is it easier to become an addict with Heroin than it is with Alcohol - or are they both the same		Im just trying to figure out why Alcohol is not banned but Heroin is. Many people can handle drinking alcohol on a regular basis without abusing it, but Ive never heard of or seen someone who takes Heroin be able to manage it on a regular basis without becoming an addict very quickly.		
If Marijuana is considered a Drug, Then shouldnt Alcohol be considered a Higher class Drug		Everyone i know....When they get Drunk they can get all fked up, they can get in a car accident, they can fall over and hurt themselves, they can get mad and get into a fight, alcohol poisoning, they can do all sorts of things. But with Marijuana (Which is considered a drug) it does none of that, you dont fall over, you dont get into car accidents, you can drive fine, you cant overdose or smoke to much, you cant do even close to any of those things that Alcohol can get you. In fact it helps with alot alot alot alot alot alot of illness most youll get is a little paranoid and maybe a headache for like a couple minutes. So Shouldnt we just consider alcohol a higher class drug ? I dont get understand why there is such a fight about Marijuana.	Additional Details You dont need a team of "certified" scientist to prove this. Get high, Then Get drunk, you can see the difference Plus Alcohol is way way way more addicting than weed will ever be.	
Best alcohol for a college party		Im throwing a huge party and I need some college favorites of alcohol brands and flavors, if you want. For example: Smirnoff Orange, X-Rated Fusion, UV Cake, e.t.c. Thank you! Nothing too expensive. No wine/champagne.		
Alcoholic at the age of 17		I think Im an alcoholic. Okay, life story time! Sorry! :L I recently went through a tough time at home, my step father... he abused me physically and mentally, so to get through that I would drink vodka to try and get as drunk as possible. This alcohol worked as not only a painkiller, but it helped me forget things easier, everything kind of became numb. And now things have calmed down at home, he has left, but still Im finding it really difficult to give up the alcohol. Physically and emotionally I think I still need it and I dont know how to get rid of it.		
My husbands father is a mean and nasty, abusive alcoholic.		He has spent years lying to the entire family about me as well as numerous friends. My mother in law passed away a few months ago and the drinking and abuse has become worse. My husband has lost all contact with the family he so desperately needs right now because they believe his lies. He constantly tells my husband that he has "come full circle and is laying off the alcohol" I know this is a lie. He is even using our children as leverage. My husbands head is spinning in circles. Will he ever see his father for what he is? Or how do I get him through this? Please no rude comments. I am at a loss.	Additional Details The only reason my husband and I can think of for the lies about me is that he wants us to divorce so my husband will move in with him so he can have a drinking buddy. What obviously alludes him is that we dont drink more than 3-4 times a year. But it is obvious he wants us to break up. My hubby says no, that will never happen. But should I be worried? If he hears things long enough and loses more family, will he give up?	
Do you agree if alcohol was discoverd today it would be a banned class A drug				
Going to my first party with alcohol		Im almost fifteen and Im the youngest person in my cast for the risque production of Spring Awakening. The majority of the cast is 16-18 and there is going to be a big cast party after our closing night a week from tomorrow. I know that the parents of the girl who is hosting will be out of town although they are aware of the party. I am almost positive that alcohol will be present and I have never had a drink really and dont plan to for a while. I have considered not going, but I know most of the people are good kids and I trust them. Theatre kids are just not known for their wild drinking behavior. Im still nervous to go, and dont know whether to tell my parents. They most likely wouldnt let me go, and even if they did I would have no chance of getting away with drinking considering my dad is a counselor for drug addicts and my mother checks behaviorally challenged teens for drug use. Should I avoid the party or go have a good time for once and just stay safe. Advice? Thanks.		
Am i an alcoholic		After I got out of rehab i seen a phycitrist, he said i was drinking as a mood stabiller and i am bi polar. I am now taking lithuim and have been sober ever sense rehab, I got out a week ago. I feel much better on lithium then i ever have. So now that i dont need alcohol as a mood stabiler. Can I have a drink some time? I dont plan on it any time soon, but what do you think? I used to drink from morning till i went to bed, every day. I would make sure I ALWAYS had some form of liquor withen 3 meters around me at all times. When i left the house id bring water bottles of vodka. Is it possible i was only drinking to feel sane?		
What exactley is an alcoholic		Im 23 years old and I dont know why but I have the most rubbish luck in the world its just the way it goes. Im dyslexic so I didnt do good at school, I cant get a proper job just stupid Agency work, when I have plans to meet mates they let me down at the last minute, everything I do is wrong. I spend most nights on my own with a couple bottles of cider and people call me an alcoholic but Im not addicted to it I can go for weeks without it. Its just the only thing that cheers me up.		
Dealing with an alcoholic Mother		My mum suffers from RA (rheumatoid) and has done all my life (24 years.) Seperate to this she has always liked a drink but in the last 3 years (after I finished university) Ive only realised the extent of it. She starts drinking from 4.30/5 in the afternoon (wine) then moves on to Jack Daniels from about 6.30/7pm and more often than not will skip an evening meal now that she doesnt have to cook a family meal as my brother and I are adults. She has lost a lot of weight and muscle mass, become red and puffy in the face. At least 3 times a week she will be in a state where she is slurring her words and cant stand up properly. She becomes malicious and says things about me that I never thought possible your own mother could say. My dad and myself get on really well and he knows she has a problem but wants to keep the peace and if he sides with me my mum will think were conspiring against her (her words not mine) ive heard her say nasty untrue things to my dad about me when shes drunk almost like shes trying to turn him against me, when really I think shes deflecting her own behaviour onto me and using any excuse she can find to justify her drinking/mood. She is very emotional and has the most irrational thoughts about what anyone says to the point where I have to watch so much what I say (my dad has to too) she drives people away. Ive tried talking to her about it and saying she needs help for both dealing with her issues with alcohol and her illness. She refuses to accept its an issue and says its to do with pain management. i cant recall a time where she tried pills without alcohol and it cant her illness drinking! We had a big row and she was shouting and screaming in my face and I push her face away from me. Im gobsmacked i could be so disrespectful but Im at a point now where its scared me at how angry I get with her (even when she is sobar) that I literally dont know what to do anymore as ive just bought a house and will be moving out soon.		
I never see my mother drinking Recovering alcoholic....		She never ever drinks with dinner.. about 2 weeks ago I searched the house for alcohol to see if there would be any, she had crammed it everywhere possible.. even in our old broken freezer, there was like +50 2 litre bottles of cider.. I got rid of most of it, but seeing she never drinks water or anything infront of me is worrying.. and if I ask her about alcohol she just yells at me and brings up my self harm for no reason and makes me feel bad..... what should I do?		
Is drinking alcohol a sin		I have never got drunk or "tipsy" in my life. Is it a sin to drink period or is a sin to drink in excess.		
Will drinking alcohol make my dad die sooner		My dad drinks alcohol everyday. He doesnt get drunk, but he always drinks. Probably several beers a day. And on Sundays we go to champage brunch and sometimes he gets a little drunk and either I drive or his girlfriend. Hes a good dad, the alcohol doesnt effect that at all. But does drinking make people live shorter? My grandma is 80 and my dad said that shes had a manhattan everyday of her life. He also smokes cigars		
What are my chances of becoming an alcoholic		My dad was an alcoholic, and he is now sober for 2 years but had been an alcoholic for almost 30 years. My mom has raised me to fear alcohol and be so aware that the odds are against me to become an alcoholic. Im 17, and I do drink on occasion. Dont tell me that Im wrong, because its obviously illegal. I drink about once every few months so its not like an every weekend thing by any means. But Im so terrified that Im going to become an alcoholic. Im aware that the only way to prevent this is to not drink. Im so aware of every fact about alcoholism especially because I lived through it my entire childhood. But theres something about the thrill of being able to sneak alcohol. Thats why most high schoolers do it. Ive heard when people turn 21, its not nearly as fun. Im just like any other teenager. Just one thing that sticks out to me is that I already semi have an addictive personality I think. Or maybe its just me being paranoid. But I feel like I never just like something, I end up loving it. If that makes sense. I love to read. But maybe thats normal. I mean everyone has hobbies, right? My main question is, sorry for carrying this on for so long, is do you think Im safe if Im always cautious about things, never drink very much and am aware of that alcoholism runs in my family? I just dont wanna miss out on the fun college parties because alcoholism runs in my family.		
Is it rape if you consent whilst under the influence of alcohol or any drug		Also is it rape if its against your will, even if you gave your consent before but then decided not too? This is something I have been wanting to know for quite a while?		
Which of the following is not normally affected by long term alcohol abuse 		A:Cirrhosis of the live B:Reduced inhibitions C: heart damage		
Should you drink if your significant other is an alcoholic		My boyfriend and I have been dating for a little over a year and a half now and I am in recovery. I have been sober now for 4 months and I dont think it is ok if my boyfriend goes out drinking with or without me. I am 21 years old and it is very hard for me to not drink. I believe you should be supportive of your partner if you love them and not make them feel uncomfortable. I think my boyfriend is an addict also, even though he doesnt think that. He has gotten two DUIs, spent $30,000 on lawyers, had a heart attack b/c of drugs and alcohol and he isnt even 23 yet. I know that I cannot make decisions for him and I dont force meetings or anything on him but I think he should abstain from using. Am I unreasonable to be upset if he wants to go out and have a few beers with his friends? (I dont want it to turn into him getting annihilated with his friends in 6 months from now and doing something stupid, which I believe it will)		
Parents reaction to drugs/alcohol		Im 15 and on the fourth of july I got drunk and had work the next day at 9am but I was hung over and called off my parents didnt ground me but became more suspicious.Tonight I went to a party and smoked weed and cigars and then slept at my grams. She smelled smoke on me and knew I was high. She wont say anything but if you were a parent or are what would you do if you found out what trust issues would there be. Also my parents overreact because im an honors student and play sports,which apparently will affect performance...		
Is alcohol considered a drug		I consider it a drug its a mind altering substance with a potential for abuse that has no medical porpoise so not only is it a drug but its a schedule 1 drug its one of the worst things out there and its considered good sure a glass of wine a day will make you live longer but who only drinks a little		
How do you deal with a recovering alcoholic Are they bad at approaching girls Are they bad news		This guy I like is a recovering alcoholic. He doesnt know I know. Hes been past 2 years sober. He acts like he likes me for the last 9 months. He first started talking to me, complimenting me on my work. Hes very awkward around me and gets shy. He will blow hot and cold. Its been going on 9 months, and I really am getting frustrated. Can being a recovering alcoholic effect this? He looks at me all the time, like almost too much. He acts like hes interested, but doesnt try to start conversations, only says hi, and doesnt stay to converse. He will go away, then just look at me from a far. I am confused, and I have tried to give up on him. But he keeps acting interested, and I fall right back into the trap. Should I just move on? Is he just shy, or does him being a recovering alcoholic have anything to do with it? Am I reading signs that arent there? All my coworkers see how he acts, are as confused as me. He acts really interested, but doesnt proceed. He gets really happy when he sees me, and I do for him. I just wish I knew what to do. I dont know if asking him out is a good idea in a situation like this. I want to know though...I am sick of wondering...........		
Alcoholic mother, please help!		Im going to try and keep this short. Im 14 years old, going into 9th grade. Ever since I can remember my moms been getting drunk almost every night, pushing me around, cussing at me, yelling at everyone, slamming doors, etc. Im a recovering self harmer after about a year and a half. I suffered from depression for a few years, and I think I still do, although I tell myself and others Im happy. My family doesnt have much money, so please dont tell me about AA or therapy or rehab... She has a job and 2 kids to look after. I have a million other huge family issues that im not going to get into, so guys, please be nice. I dont want to relapse. Ill add things in the additional details if you have any questions/comments	Additional Details @Maci - My mom tried AA about 10 years ago, after she had me.. I actually just remembered this. A few years ago I found her AA book and asked her about it. She told me that it doesnt work and it isnt anonymous. I also then found out my uncles went with her and is now addicted to cocaine and is living in his van on the side of the road and still starts drinking at 6am. Forget AA. @Josh W - Ive tried talking to her about it. I talk to her about it all the time. I beg and plead, nothing works. I tell her how it affects me, and even when she found out that I self harmed she told me.. she would stop drinking, but she didnt. It broke my heart. I have to take action. Words do nothing. But I just dont know what to do.	
Can I be addicted on alcohol after two months		Last 2 months I drink every single day. Like 10 - 15 beers every night. Really, everyday. Last two days I tried to stop. After I wake up Im ok. But after a few hours my hands start shaking, my head start hurt and my body is not good. Its not hangover. If I drink two beers everything is again ok. So, can I be already addicted?		
Am i depressed or bipolar think im becoming alcoholic		so this hasnt been a problem till this year. i met this girl and we hit it off and really really liked eachother she had a boyfriend but we were in love and we both said it and then we stopped talking and i screwd up and was a jerk and well now we are talkin again sort of and she is single but i dont think she has feeings for me at all anymore, but anyway im so up and down emotionally like ill feel like **** one day and lay around and few days later ill be all happy and lovein life but then somthing little happens like she ignors me or doesnt wanna hangout and i just go down hill. ill stay up drinking and sitting on the computer feeling like **** then take sleeping pills wake up and start drinking again, ive shut my phone off for like 3 days not wanting to talk to anyone and just idk ive never had problems like this untill i met this girl even my best friends have asked if i might be bipolar because of my emotions are so all over. i mean idk what it is, i love her and just shes amazing i basically gave up a football scholarship to play in college to stay around here with her because we both wanted to date then now we dont even talk alot and just idk. i miss how we use to be and i get so down when i think about it i just hide in my room and drink for days then im happy for a few more days then back to being sad..i just dont know what this is thats making me fell so all over since its never happend till i met her? what could it be?		
How do you live with an alcoholic who is drying out			He has been off the booze for almost a month and driving me insane!! Forget trying to talk to him or suggest anything....he is just vile. Any suggestions are appreciated.	
Why does it say people with Schizophrenia and Bi-polar are most likely addicted to smoking and alcohol			I have paranoid schizophrenia and yeah I occasionally drink and well Im a smoker but why do statistics say that? what makes us want to smoke and drink..why is it "most" likely ?	
Should I disclose an alcoholics dishonesty		My aunt called to tell me that my 60yo cousin went into the hospital recently with a severely bleeding ulcer, requiring surgery. He told her, with embarrassment, that he had been on medication for alcoholism, and the doctors said the medicine made a hole in his stomach. They are also doing a biopsy, just in case. Of course, Im quite concerned about my cousin and his health. Also, we all knew he had a drinking problem for years, but no one knew he was on medication for it. It was a relief to me that he is trying to help himself. But as I thought about his story, my relief shifted to apprehension. I see holes, and this could enable his drinking. The story his mom told me sounds very fishy! Ive had TWO friends get an ulcer due to heavy/binge drinking, so my alcoholic cousin having an ulcer made perfect sense. But he said that what caused it was the medicine for the alcoholism, not the liquor. If thats true, itd mean hed need to get OFF the same medicine which actually HELPS him with a problem which CAUSES ulcers! (LOL!) I dont know what hes taking, but after some deductive reasoning, it seems like its either naltrexone and topiramate. I havent found anywhere, where either of these would actually CAUSE an ulcer. However, I have read, in more places than I can count, that chronic alcohol use can (and often does) cause a bleeding ulcer. One thing led to another, and this is it the theory I have formulated, based on what began as some logical medical information: a) It appears that the alcohol abuse caused the ulcer, meaning he?s lying about the cause. b) Even though he is OK with family knowing he is being treated for alcoholism, there is a reason he doesn?t want anyone to know that his ulcer is caused by alcohol. c) It appears that the er trip was caused by current drinking, not the lack of alcohol, meaning that although he is being treated for alcoholism, he is still drinking heavily. d) His wife is probably aware of his treatment, so his current drinking would likely have to be outside of her awareness, such as while she is at work. e) If his 5-10 year unemployment (and many years before that being underemployed) is due to secretive drinking, this would probably create serious marital strife, as it has created a significant financial hardship. f) The effort to avoid serious marital strife is enough to cause a person to distort the truth. While I could stand back and watch this happen, and hope he gets treatment, knowing that his alcoholism is out of the bag, I believe perpetuating the lie will enable him to continue drinking. The reason is that if he?s not on the medicine, it would be logical for him to fall off the wagon. Because "the family" believes this medicine caused the ulcer, it?s easy to believe that "maybe he shouldn?t be taking it", especially when he complains that his ulcer hurts, when it?s actually the drinking that causes it. With the lie, he can pretend he?s not drinking, and appear to be ?trying? but actually be drinking. I see this as a big problem. He knows he has a problem, since but it seems pretty clear that despite his awareness, hes drinking so much that he put himself in the er, and is choosing to lie about why he?s there, I?m thinking is he in denial? My specific questions are these? (Answer one or a combination, but any help is appreciated!!) 1) Am I off base or on target about the ulcer? 3) Am I off base or on target about my general theory? 4) If I am on target, I think I should keep it to myself, because my family can be pretty harsh, and she might leave him. But should tell him what I believe? 5) What can I do to show him my love and support? Especially if he chooses to pretend hes not drinking, when I believe he is. Im more resourceful than the rest of my family, which tends to be ok with denial and the elephant in the living room, so if I stay mum, they wont figure it out. But if they knew, I think all hell would break loose, and that cant be good if hes trying to recover, especially if his wife leaves him. I dont want to ruin his chance to recover, but I dont want to enable him either. What do I do?	Additional Details Great answers so far, thank you...! To clarify, neither of these medications causes vomiting after drinking, and he didnt say they did. He said that his medicine is "aspirin based" so it created an ulcer. In researching these medications, the topiramate mostly causes insomnia and weightloss... Nothing serious, and the medicine of choice. A "miracle pill". My aunt said it sounded like what he told her he was taking, but she wasnt sure. The naltrexone can cause liver problems in rare cases, and some stomach pain related to that, I couldnt find info about ulcers on either or others. In fact, Id expect (well, hope!) an alcoholism indicated drug would not clear the FDA if its chemical makeup exacerbated a condition that alcoholism can cause...! (LOL! Just sayin!)	
Are relationships really bad with recovering alcoholics Ive been told to run like hell from them, fair		I am falling for this guy whos a recovering alcoholic, 2-3 years sober. I just want to know what its like to date them. We are very shy around each other. I can tell he can be moody already. Is this a red flag I should be aware of? I am very inexperienced in love, but I never felt so strongly for someone. I know everyone has baggage, I am just unaware how much it too much baggage. I know I am far from a saint, with my own insecurity, problems, and anxieties. I just know when we are around each other, we seem to make each other happy, awkwardly though. I just would like to know from others who have experienced this.		
I took 1600 milagrams of ibuprofen and a 1 ounce shot of 35% alcoholic brandy		Will that do any signifigant damage? the alcohol was consumed about 20 minutes before the pills were taken, and its been about 20 minutes since the pills. I dont even feel a buzz from the shot. I also drank at least 2 cups of ice tea, 2 cups of water, and a cup of milk when I realized what I had done. Im only 56" and just about 115 lbs. Im not underaged, Im just the biggest dumbass on the east coast. Im not suicidal, Im just a dumbass, and now Im kind of scared. No neeed to make fun, I know how stupid I am, just pleeeeease help me!		
If a mother is suspected of drug/alcohol abuse during pregnancy what postpartum tests should be ran		OK Forget the pre-dialogue....I know it sounds crazy. My mother in law is adopting my husbands ex-wives baby. We all suspect her of using drugs/alcohol during pregnancy and my mother in law wants to make sure that the baby is sufficiently tested for everything necessary post partum. They are in the state of TX and mother in law is taking baby back to FL. HELP....what should I tell her?		
If my dad was an Alcoholic will I become one		Also both my mom and dad are addicted to cigarettes, I hate both very much as of now.	Additional Details Im already addicted to weed.	
Am I a addicted to alcohol or are people over worried 		Okay so my mum made a comment that I am like her brother jokingly (he is a alcholic and moronic drunk) after finding 5 cans in the bin. I never drink anything else that isnt mine. I drink every 3 days or 2 days. I drink 5 cans no more or les usually unless its maybe a birthday in which Ill drink 7.. I can easily go withOut and it has to be my alcohol. I am fussy and wouldnt drink any drink unless I bought it. I think it ls a habit because sometimes I dont even want a drink but I drink because i like how it makes me feel after 1 but then It seems pointless after 2 so please help. Am in Denail or am I right about the habit thing? My sister once made a comment that I can easily drink her under the table as she use to tell me to not try and keep up with her friends because it wasnt worth it. I am proving to myself that I can go a week without and so far so good(6 days)		
Does Sparkling Water have Alcohol in it			Im just wondering cause I bought like a liter of that stuff. I was hoping that there isnt any alcohol in it cause I dont want to be addicted to that stuff. If the Sparkling Water had alcohol in it and I didnt know, I wouldve been drinking a cup of that every day. And thats really, really bad at my age, So, basic question, does Sparkling Water have Alcohol (the one like in beer and all that other stuff that kills brain cells and makes you drunk and makes you not think straight and stuff like that)?	Additional Details Dont be rude to me. I dont know anything that much about Sparkling Water. If it does in fact have no alcohol in it, then what is it made of? Water and something that makes the bubbles?
Signs of becoming an alcoholic		When i drink i have trouble stopping until i get to the point of throwing up or passing out. I almost always blackout when i drink hard alcohol like vodka. Last night i had night sweats after drinking. The last time i drank hard alcohol i threw up passed out and started shaking. Are these signs of alcoholism or alcohol abuse?		
Can beer or alcohol be medicinal			Okay so I catch my dad buying and drinking beer or wine like every night or almost every night. I know hes not addicted or an alcoholic. I questioned him about it and he just said that it is medicinal for his heart or blood pressure or something because he has a condition. Is he lying or is he actually telling the truth? I dont care that hes drinking alcohol, I just dont want him to buy so much every night because we arent financially stable and hes keep wasting money on a can of beer each night or expensive wine or champange!	
How do I ask my parents for permission to drink alcohol			im 17 (junior in highschool) and i dont drink often but i do it every party that i know i can get away with it. ive been caught drinking about 3 times total including freshman and sophomore year and once for smoking weed. My parents are really strict on it and it stresses me out that im going to get caught again. Now since im older a lot of my friends parents let them drink as long as their parents know about it. Im thinking about asking my parents if they will let me and treat it as a priveledge and let me do it as long as I let them know what time i will be home, who is driving, etc. I just need any kind of advice that you have please. maybe i shouldnt tell them because it could back fire? i dont know..	
I dont want to be around alcohol		Alcohol abuse runs close to me and Ive never had anything other than a sip or two. A few weeks ago I got invited to a party and didnt go because I knew there was going to be alcohol there. The next day my "friends" were calling me a puss and a loser for not going any saying my reasoning was stupid. Later on I saw one of my "friends" and he kept trying to tell me how much he drank that night but I constantly told him to shut up because I dont care about drinking, partying, etc before he started calling me a loser because Id rather stay in then go out. Is there seriously anything wrong about not wanting to be around alcohol?		
What are the factors that encourage youth to engage in alcohol abuse				
Cocaine or Alcohol What is worse and why		What is worse for you: To drink alcohol every weekend and get drunk (a bottle and a half of wine) or to do 1g of coke once a month? Which is worse and why?		
What do you consider worst, marijuana or alcohol		10 points		
After how many days of binge drinking is alcohol detox necessary		Was just curious how long it takes to need detox at rehab for ppl who become addicted to booze	Additional Details I meant how long does it usually take your body to become addicted to the feeling of alcohol so that you develop physical withdrawal symptoms (but serious symptoms, not just like a small jittery feeling)	
My dads an alcoholic and suicidal. We just had him taken to the hospital		Im 21 my dads 51. He has 5 bulging discs in his back. Was addicted to methadone for 6 years because of it. His work found out and told him he would get fired if he didnt go off it. He went off it a couple months ago and instead resorted to drinking . Hes been drunk 24/7 the last 2 weeks. To the point of black out drunk in bed. He kept talking about ending it all and killing himself. He was saying just give me my pistol and shut my door. Last night he had a rope in his pocket and was going to hang himself. When he drinks hes the devil he told my brother and I that he doesnt love us and doesnt care. His blood alcohol level was 2.87 and the nurse said it will be 11 hrs before the dr will evaluate him because he has to be completely sober.Im afraid that they will release him. We hid all the guns and knives in the house so he wont hurt himself. He went to anger management before and has had a nervous breakdown in the past. He needs help and Im afraid hes not going to get it. Im afraid hell get out and kill my mom or himself. I dont know what to do. I love my dad but that guy at the hospital whos been living at my house the last couple months are not him. Hes a manipulator and puts on a very good front. Im afraid he will convince the doctor and theyll release him. What do we do? :(		
Do you need help with alcohol or substance abuse			If you need help with alcohol or drug addiction please click this link and get free help. This is the National Addiction Hotline. Receive thousands of dollars in substance abuse benefits. Check it out on this website. People are standing by ready to help you. This is the first step for getting the help that you need. http://bidax.com/?aff_id=3854	
HELP! detoxing off of alcohol, need anxiety meds		So Im 23, been an alcoholic for a little over a year and a half. I just finished detox. (medical care) My doctor who I only saw as I was leaving, to sign paperwork, prescribed me Vistaril 25 mg. They are not working that well at all. But it get worse, Im out of state visiting my family, and have to fly back home in a few days. By that time, I will have used all of the Vistaril. Ive tried calling the detox place to contact the doctor i saw for 5min. -no luck Ive tried contacting my primary doctor, but was told I might not get a response for 48 hours. I dont want to go to an urgent care, (dont want the horrific experience I had there last time...and was treated like scum) I feel out of options...I dont want to drink What should I do? Is it even possiblef for my primary doctor to prescribe something to me, even though Im 2000 miles away? Should I try to see a regular family doctor?		
Should there be a "welfare store" to prevent recipients from buying cigarettes, alcohol, and junk food		I believe that welfare should only cover necessities - meaning healthy food (produce and meat... not TV dinners and HoHos). I also believe that luxury items should be barred from purchase by welfare recipients. There should be a database kept by the state governments (hey, look, I just created a few jobs!) that tracks all welfare recipients, and pushed out to every retail location, and those "people" should not be allowed to use their benefits or CASH to buy things like alcohol, cigarettes, expensive shoes or clothing, toys or x-mas gifts for their 8 children (to 8 different men). There should be a penalty for not disclosing youre on welfare, and trying to use cash to buy these items, such as loss of benefits or jail. The logic being that if you have enough (probably drug) money to buy luxury items, you should NOT be allowed to collect welfare. Do you think a specific store for welfare recipients could stop these abuses of the system? I think it would also prevent people from "loaning" their EBT card to someone for cash.		
Why do people with high IQs tend to abuse alcohol more than people with low IQs		See, e.g., http://edition.presstv.ir/detail/72935.h?		
I wanted to try alcohol but Im a Muslim Read on		Well as stated Im a Muslim and I wanted to try alcohol, but I only want try it once n I know I wont get addicted. So the main question is are you allowed to drink alcohol to see how it feels to be in that state?		
What sign is the most susceptible to becoming a drug addict/Alcoholic				Additional Details ...Or, if you have any friends who are either of these, what sign are they?
Hair gel alcohol Got2b GLOSSY		Does anyone know if Got2b Glossy is alcohol free? Im not good with this, so here are the ingredients. Cyclopentasiloxane, Cclotetrasiloxane, Dimethicone, Dimethiconol, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Panthenol, Pyridoxine Dipalmitate, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein, PG-Propyl Silanetriol, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Fruit Extract, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Fruit Extract, Citrus Nobilis (Mandarin Orange) Fruit Extract, Water, Fragrance, Limonene. Anything in this gel thats bad for hair?		
Im an alcoholic I need tips on how to quit		Heres the story I find myself drinking everyday. It starts with a beer next thing you know Im drinking bacardi 151 straight. Heres the big problem when I get super drunk I get to a point that I just want sex and Im so drunk I dont even realize where my fiance is or where Im at. Its getting bad I drink a bottle a day no Im not depressed Im addicted to the high that alcohol gives me plus its like viagra for me my man part is like the statue of liberty when I drink and causes me to cheat. I really need help.		
Im virgo male, Im incline into drugs and Alcohol. I disappear, and Im a heartbreaker. I need help.			I pushed away my Sagg ex, I came back with my libra ex. I never say sorry to my sagg ex, and I cost her a lot of pain. I break her heart so bad. And I feel really bad about it. I disappear for 10 months and I went back to my libra ex. I started using drugs, cocaine, heroine, with my libra ex. I went to rehab for 3 months, and when I got out I found the she left me for another man, and got married. I lost my Sagg. My Sagg, got into a car accident, had a small ball in her right breast, but she is good now. She told me all that trough text and I never respond. She was suffering so much for me, and I act like a didnt care. Why am I like that?? This is my chart. Born in August 23, 1981. San Diego, CA Sun 0 30 Virgo Moon 15 51 Geminis Mercury 13 16 Virgo Venus 6 10 Libra March 24 0 Cancer Jupiter 10 0 Libra Saturn 7 44 Libra Urane 26 12 Escorpio Neptune 22 0 Sagitario Pluton 22 18 Libra Ascendent 1 35 Escorpio Medio cielo 4 56 Leo	Additional Details Sun 12 house Moon 8 house Mercury 11 house Venus 12 house Mars 9 house Jupiter 12 house Saturn 12 house Urane house 1 Neptune house 2 Pluton house 12
Alcoholic mom Please 		Sorry the title is confusing :P I was wondering how much someone has to drink to be an alcoholic? My mom drinks about 4 out of 7 days a week, about 2-3 beers. She acts really different even when she drinks one or two, & its so annoying! She acts like shes drunken 10000000000 beers! I confront her alot about it & she apologizes and says she will stop (apologies are rare) OR she freaks out and calls me a whore or dumbass or ***** or slut (etc) im only 14, so its kinda harsh & mean. I cry alot from it but now im kinda numb to it. It was really bad tonight. Shes horrible when shes drunk. She was going to give me money for a concert, & she just said find your own money ******. I cut myself alot & she knows it, but she doesnt know that i do it because of her. She told me to get the **** out of here. I want to run away but i dont want to get kidnaped. I stole a beer from her, should i drink it and forget this all happened? I just wanna run & hide & maybe even die. Dont even tell me to see a therepist because that wont happen. My dad & i dont get along most of the time & lives farther away. Should i run away? I have school in a little more than a week so idk. I want someone to hold me & tell me im okay, & that they love me. Everyone in my life has either hurt me or abandonded me. I want someone to understand. & dont get me wrong, i love my mom so much. I guess i want advice? Answers are appritiated so much <3 i hope ur haveing a good day/night.		
Why is weed illegal, yet alcohol, tobacco, and caffeine is legal		So I started smoking pot for a couple of months now. Its funny how I only do it a couple of times a month, Im not addicted to it, and it has no secondary effects on me. However, alcohol which makes you feel like sh*t, makes you violent and useless, is legal. How many people have you seen addicted to weed? However, theres rehab for alcohol/tobacco addicts. YET, theyre legal. Its f*cking retarded.	Additional Details @Spanky In my country, its really hard for them to accept such offer, mostly because they know they run the chance of being humiliated. Would love to debate with one, though.	
Discussion about marijuana and alcohol		I would like to hear others opinions on the fact that marijuana is illegal and alcohol is legal. I personally think alcohol is worse because it kills brain cells, wrecks the liver and kidneys and thins the blood. a lot of violence is also caused by alcohol and not usually by marijuana, weed is usually more peaceful and I know it damaged the brain and lungs but dont you think it would be fine if it was legal because the government could sell clean weed thats not laced and use hydroponics so theres less chemicals?		
Can there be a psychological breakdown following an alcoholic relapse		My partner has a severe alcohol addiction and has been in recovery for 2 months. He has been very involved in AA and trying hard to work an honest program. He had a relapse last week, and we had a huge fight that Im afraid brought on some kind of mental breakdown. He is back to himself today, but for about 5 days he acted extremely out of it, his eyes couldnt focus on anything, he seemed to be in panic, his behavior was totally erratic, and his conversations were broken and fast and impossible to follow. I am wondering whether this behavior could be a result of the relapse, or whether it is more likely to be something else that should be addressed by a mental health professional. I saw him like this one other time in the past, in the days he used to drink alot, and it was a morning after a night of drinking and he was questioned by the police for having erratic behavior on the streets. He came home and was in some kind of mental state where his eyes were rolling back and his heartrate was very fast. It was very frightening. I am so proud of him for trying to get better, and I am beginning to think that there is something else going on other than his addiction. He experienced a huge amount of trauma in his childhood and I want so much for him to feel safe and healthy.		
Im a 21yr old male and never drank an alcoholic drink or smoked anything, am I weird		Not even at weddings or with all my pot smoking friends lol		
Why are only some people who drink alcohol addicted to it			Why isnt everyone addicted to it? most people who smoke/take drugs become addicted, why is it not the same for alcohol?	
Dreaming about alcohol		So ive been drinking a lot for the past year and a half, about 6 standard drinks per session at least 3 times a week, i recently quit drinking (about a week ago) because ive been sick and i dont mix my medicine with alcohol, and i consider myself to be addicted to it, but last night i had a dream that i was drinking and i was feeling good and drunk, why did this happen? does this mean that my body is addicted to it or is my mind? do i have a problem?		
How to obtain alcohol when you cant afford it		Before anyone gives me a long speech and questions me, let me say this upfront: Yes, I am under aged to drink. But, according to law, I can drink within my own home with parental supervision. I dont want to drink due to peer pressure or to impress anyone, I just enjoy a buzz once in a while. No, I am not an addict. When I did have access, Id only go to it when I got an unbearable urge to drink, which only happens about once or twice a month. Ive been sure to check out multiple websites on the risks of young onset alcoholism, and fully know the risk it stands to my development, both mentally and physically. I know my limits and when I want to stop. Okay, back to the actual question. I am fairly low on cash, and cant really afford to buy or pay someone to buy me alcohol. Ive heard of brewing prison hooch, but Ive heard that it stands a risk for poisoning you due to some of the bacteria and gas build-up. Is that true? What are other methods of obtaining alcohol [other than peppermint extract and such.] My parents do not drink, and I dont know anyone of age to buy. Any solutions?	Additional Details Some people cant afford food or a home. Does that mean they dont need it? I usually use it in times when Im feeling overly-emotional, or just the opposite, emotionally inept. It just helps me calm down or cheer up. Its like when people smoke weed. It balances them out.	
Why does mitt romney smoke tobacco, do drugs and abuse alcohol			Seriously, why would any of you want to vote for him? His VP is his dealer and sells him drugs, tobacco and alcohol. Why are people voting for romney? its retarded that he is using drugs and abusing alcohol and smoking tobacco.	
Please help with my PDHPE assignment on Alcohol and Binge Drinking		Hi everyone, I need help with my PDHPE assignment. It is on alcohol and binge drinking. I need to answer these two questions: What are some strategies to avoid binge drinking? What are the harms associated with binge drinking? Any help answering these questions would be very greatly appreciated. Thankyou:)		
Can anyone produce a logical argument for why alcohol should be legal, but not marijuana		I sure cant think of one.	Additional Details slew: Congrats, youve been effectively brainwashed and propagandized. Get an education. Also, if you think alcohol has no affiliation with mental disorders, youre head has been buried in the sand.	
No one is doing anything to help his alcohol/drug abuse problem.		My boyfriend has a alcohol and prescription drug abuse problem, and I think for a while I was in denial. I thought I could help him by making him happier, but I realize his situation is far worse than it seemed and he needs professional help. His parents feel he needs help too and have confronted him about it many times, but he just gets into fights with them and refuses to talk to them for a while. A lot of his friends notice but dont say much or step in and take action and just play it off. I talked to one of his good friends the other day and she said she would help if I wanted to do an intervention on him. I told her I would think about it. I want to do it but feel maybe I should let his mother make that decision. I even told his mother I felt he should get help soon before the problem gets worse but so far I havent seen any results. I thought about doing it myself but my mother told me to not get involved and that its not my place to take action so that is why I told his mother instead. I was upset because I feel even those his parents are concerned theyre not really doing anything to get him better. I think they are just hoping he will wake up and change, but hes at a point where I think he wont. I dont know what to do but am afraid for him. He is my best friend and boyfriend and its a matter of his safety. He has hurt himself on accident multiple times, and has gotten a DUI. These are all signs he needs help. He doesnt think he does, but everyone around him is starting to notice a difference in his personality. I would get him help myself but am afraid he would hate me in the end as my mother said is a possibility. But I feel that his health and safety is more important and that he would realize it in the end. Any advise or comments.		
Drinking Non alcoholic beer (300ml) daily with 100gm chicken and 10 min exercise make me to put Weight		Hello I am 23 ,my weight was 40 kg only and i am 53 height..I have taken protein powder for 2 month ,my weight havent increased.I consulted doctor ,he gave me a syrup for getting hungry but it also not worked. Normally speaking i take too much food when compare to my room mats but my weight havnt increased.So now i planned to take NON ALCOHOLIC BEER daily with 100gm chicken for 2 months. My weight was maintaining around 40 -43 kg in the past 7 years .What is your opinion and suggestion..everyone will say dont addict to beer(so please understand my situation ) and suggest me the way...If any one had this experience means share it with me(means got weight by drinking non alcoholic beer)....Need more comments and help......		
Has alcohol effects on young children been documented if so, what is it		I was wondering what young children act like when they are subject to alcohol, but obviously this wouldnt be a great experiment to try out. "Why do you want to do that, you freak?" Well basically Im wondering what people act like when theyre drunk without having been exposed to how they "should" act when they are drunk (e.g. how much of a placebo effect there is in drinking). I imagine children probably would be accurate for this, so does anyone know of any such experiment?		
If alcohol is bad for you, why does it feel so good lol (Im not driving)			Additional Details Drink Driving - BAD!! So I dont equate them at all. I dont drink often but when I do its to enjoy best. Add water never had hangover. lololol	
I have red cheeks help isit because of alcohol		Ok so im a 18 year old guy and the cheeks (under my eyes) are red and my nose is also kind of red. I also have like blocked skin pores on my face, well I think i do anyway because whenever i put any product on my face it will like come out in gunk kind of form out of my skin pores when i get out the shower/bath I also have very oily skin well on the bits that are red anyway. At first I was pretty sure i had rosacea but now im starting to doubt because to come to think about it I have been drinking quiet a lot for about 2 years now and the redness started appearing about a year ago. I havent really taken any breaks so maybe my face is red because of alcohol if that is even possible, so how do I get rid of this or even treat this?		
Rubbing Alcohol Addiction			Ive been addicted to rubbing alcohol (isopropyl 71%) for about 3 years now. I noticed that its harder to breathe/ shortness of breath. Harder to swallow, numbness in my throat, and stomach and bladder pain. I frequently am dizzy/drowsy. Ive read up on effects of inhaling rubbing alcohol, and I have many of them. If I stop my addiction, will I be fine? Should I go to a doctor?	
I have brother whos is a drug and alcohol addict and lives off my parents how can i help him 			I have a brother whos 21 lives with my parents who uses drugs and alcohol is always drunk or high off something hes been this way for almost 3 years he doesnt work doesnt do anything rarely cleans he lives off my parents damaged my parents house and a car when he was high my. Parents dont know how to help him they feel bad for him and baby him more then to just let him learn and to say no to everything he wants. I just dont want him to live his life this way forever and my parents are getting old and he has cause a lot of problems between my parents bcuz of the damages hes cause and the way he is my mom always stresses and worries about him what can we do help him?	
Is alcohol bad in small amounts		I keep getting mixed messages. Some people tell me that alcohol is bad regardless of how much you have. Others say that it is only bad if you binge drink and that your liver will be completely fine if you stick to only a few standard drinks per night. Which one is correct?		
Do you think I am starting to develop and addiction to alcohol and marijuana		Well, its not like I have to indulge in the both substances all the time, and I really dont get withdrawals, but sometimes when I come home exhausted after a hard days work, its like an immediate desire to smoke and drink. Also, sometimes when Im at work or in a very pessimistically stressful mood, I tend to think about smoking and drinking. Although, when Im in a happier mood I dont really feel the urge to smoke and drink, but as I stated before I only do when Im not working and have taken care of all my obligations, and if I dont have the money to afford it, Im okay without it as I stated previously. Yet, I do have a tendency to smoke and drink excessively when I do, I really enjoy the sensation and intoxication of both, I feel as though I can socialize more proficiently when I do<SEMCOL> but I dont just indulge in it for simple pleasure, its mostly for relaxation and stress relief. Do you think I may have a problem, or perhaps underlying problem as to why I use these substances when I do? Once again, I dont have physical withdrawals and its not a top priority in my life, but it is a form of pleasure on my part. I am a firm believer in business/significant priorities over pleasure. In addition, Im not going into explicit detail, but I did suffer abuse as a little girl, and someone was telling me that this may be a reason that develops drug and alcohol dependency.	Additional Details lol. Im 32, Im not a teenager, I am very responsible, and these substances are not a major importance in my life, Im sorry about your father, my brother is addicted to meth. :( Yes, I do excercise regularly, and it does relieve stress, I have considered yoga.	
I used to suffer from alcohol abuse, what supplements would you suggest for the health of my brain		I was a light-alcoholic. I know alcohol kills brain cells that will no longer go back. So Im assuming, unfortunately, I lost some amount of brain cells because of that and I know them they will never come back but everyone loses brain cells at some point. My question is, what supplements would you suggest to, at least, lower the loss of brain cells for the rest of my life?	Additional Details You are all trolls. I KNOW THAT IM NOT GETTING THEM BACK. What supplements to take in order to prevent further brain cell loss for the rest of my life?	
What is a psychologists specializing in drug and alcohol abuse called		And what type of high school classes should i take to get into a college that would be good for this career?		
What is the difference between a drug and alcohol counselor and a substance abuse couselor				
Once again, should I start drinking alcohol to relax			I want to relax and unwind but I hate binge drinking and getting drunk. I have read about the benefits of drinking in moderation but I am worried as I have seen a lot of drunk people become violent and aggressive. I have always hated it and hated being around drunk people. I want to overcome my fear of drinking and realise it is not all bad. If I have a glass of Baileys or a glass of wine a day, does that make me an alcoholic? I really want to relax. It seems I cop a lot of abuse and people yelling all the time at me. I cant avoid it. Does alcohol interfere with medication and if you take medication which says you should not drink, is it safe to do so. I have noticed even a small sip makes me uncoordinated and makes me laugh and giggly and vomit. How can I increase my tolerance towards it?	
Anyone whos ever been addicted to alcohol and or hard drugs			I really need help. When i first started doing sh*t like this it was just pot and i said id never doibg anything else. N ow.ive been doinbg meth crack drinking allot and just ny entireife is messed up the past three years hav e been absolute hell and in only 15. I feel like in going crazy... Even thoi know in not the only one sometimes it feels like it... Im just so sick of this. Im surprised i didnt od last night and today i feel sicker than i have any other day. I cany jeep doing this.. i wish i never started. So anyone that has ever been through this and know howi feel plz exlain ur story and how u quit... Thanks in advance i rlly need to stop.	
Am I an alcoholic or just having fun		I got in trouble in high school and college for drinking. Im still in college and everyone judges me because I sometimes like to have a beer when I wake up from a bad hangover. People say Im in denial but drinking is a big social thing at school. I just like to have a lot of fun because I work really hard and deserve to have a good time while Im young. Am I an alcoholic or are people just judgmental?	Additional Details Also no one has ever accused me of being trashy or sloppy, thank you very much.	
How do i get over my insecurities toward the consumption of alcohol		i have in the past growing up have been exposed to alcohol abuse to a pretty extreme way. where it has made me develop a complete hatred for the substance. im trying to get over my insecurity that something will go wrong if the person i love goes out drinking. i mainly base this around my dad who was an alcoholic and i feel bad and i get really really angry when my girlfriend says that she wants to go drinkining with friends, this usually after the anger has settled its days of feeling depressed and really sad and she hasnt even gone out yet, how do i get over them and confront my fears and beat them?		
Can alcohol make people with post traumatic distress feel worse after drinking too much		I have a friend and she was abused by her ex boyfriend for 2 years and her symptoms only came on in february , despite it ending in september 2011 and 70% of the time she drinks (which is about 2-5 times everyweek) she has panic attacks and runs away from her current boyfriend or beats him up. I was wondering if this is a common symptom or something i should really worry about. ( she is also only 20)		
What are your opinions on alcohol		Alright so in a couple days im going camping with some friends, and one of them asked me if i have any drink requests and i told him no, he didnt care because hes really chill but some of my other friends were acting like im really weird. I have my reasons because both of my grandfathers, one uncle and my cousin and his friend have all died from alcohol related causes and my dad was abusing alcohol so much that its the reason why my mum divorced him. Plus it isnt exactly healthy and has no benefits. I guess when im older ill be drinking the occasional wine with dinner but thats about it, i go to alot of parties and im a very out going person so its not like i need something to break the ice and relax. I also a bit of a gym/health junkie so im always eating healthy and exercising. But anyway, what are the reasons why you drink? And if you dont drink then what are your reasons? Personally i think there are way more benefits to not drinking than there is to drinking.		
Would someone please enlighten me on my alcohol blackouts Alcoholism Abuse		I have been drinking since I was fourteen. Some times more than others but the last few years I have drank more than ever. Im 36 now. I have had these blackouts and fragmentary blackouts or brownouts and sometimes I turn into a monster. But I dont remember what I have done. Maybe bits and pieces but I dont understand why I would say or do these things. Awful things I would say and do to others especially my girlfriend. Its way out of my character. Ive found out that I cant control my alcohol intake very well at all. A lot of times I end up going back to the liquor store for more and driving drunk to get there. I understand that I have an alcohol problem and have since quit drinking. Going to a few AA meetings and I might seek outpatient treatment. I just want to understand it and keep from drinking. I think there have been some depression issues going on too that contributed to my downfall. Im going to a social worker today to talk about things. Whenever there was trouble in my life alcohol was involved 95% of the time. My girlfriend recently left me too because of my drinking. I was very happy with her but when I blacked out I got crazy sometimes. Even violent. But its not like me to act like that sober. I just want to understand this. I appreciate and positive answers to help me.		
Please help me identify what substance abuse is being used if you think its more than just alcohol. He alread		Please help me identify what substance abuse is being used if you think its more than just alcohol. He already has a drinking problem, but I feel there is more. He has puffy eyes, puffy face, puffy lips, sounds a little congested, clears his throat off n on, has a dry mouth, changes the subjust/topic a lot, is chowing on chips at one point, talks clearly, his head stays still, but his eyes roll back off n on, his eyes are not blood shot, and when I ask him what hes using or how much hes drank, he gets angry and defensive and says hes just tired.		
Addicted to alcohol, kindly tell the ways to save my father		My father has been addicted to alcohol for more than 42 years. He always drinks thrice a day. One day he had stomach pain and admitted in hospital where doctors gave him Lorazepam. Unfortunately he started loosing his memory and become aggressive, anxiety, agitation and hostily. He could not remember me but he remembered all his commitments and duties which are to be done for the family. And we stopped giving that pills. Now he is alright but he started drinking and become worse. He has high BP. He shouts at us every time. Now he is not bothered about his responsibilites. We struggle lot with him. My question is "Is there any possibilities of him to stop drinking alcohol who has been drinking more than 42years". My family is really worried about him because he was a wonderful gentleman. We all would like to save him and want him to lead a happiest life. He is in his 60s now.I wonder whether psychiatrists would him to recover.		
Do americans and europeans have a completely different view on drinking alcohol		the average brit or irish drinks quite regularly the same with the french or italians but ive heard americans call them self an addict because they got drunk at college 15 years before ,they havent drunk in 15 years but yet still call them self an alcoholic in britain if you can still get up for work its not considered a problem . i go to the pub 2/3 times a week and drink about 5/6 pints of beer would that be a lot in america .		
Are there FREE or LOW COST In-Patient Alcohol Rehab centers in Texas		Im looking for a 14 day low cost or possibly free alcohol rehab center for a non-insured patient. I know AA is free but Im looking for an in-patient setting. Really need to help a friend in need!!		
What should i do to make my brother leave his alcoholic and smoking habbits			i met a guy on facebook years back, i consider him as my real brother and love him very much and even he does n listens to me even though we have never see each other face to face just on cam. He is having smoking and alcoholic habits and i am really very worried about his health. He tells me he will leave even tries but nothing works any suggestions? he is 3 years elder to me	
Is it more likely that Ive gotten addicted to alcohol		Ive started drinking since I was about 16, 17.. I am now 22. I used to go out a LOT, and be able to drink a fifth bottle with one other person, and now I can drink a whole personal $8 bottle. Im usually drinking Bacardi Melon. it doesnt do much to me now. Also, when I get a hangover, I dont drink for a few days, to a week. but then still willing to drink again. even though Ive said so many times I dont wanna drink anymore! or how many drunken times Ive prayed to God to make me feel better, and to protect me.. I know, it sounds horrible, that I would pray and then drink again.. its a horrible habit :( now when I drink with a certain group of friends that drink, we end up drinking 2 bottles of Brandy, and on top of that some 40s.. and all during the same week, I took 1 day to get better. get rid of my hangover, and then drank two nights after. now Im seriously considering going to the store again, and said "Well, if I just get a beer, it wont be too bad as to getting a Vodka or any bottle".. So, for other alcoholics or recovering alcoholics who know what Im going through, how can I control this? I want to be able to drink 1 or 2 cups, and say NO MORE. it has worked for me afew times, but usually I give in. and I end up losing lots of money because when Im drunk I open up my big mouth and say "I have money"... the money I needed to save to get home or get something to eat after.. spent on booze.. I NEED HELP, and I really dont want to go to any A.A. meeting, kind of embarrassing, there is one group that meets at my church, [who are not members of our church, but rent for the meetings]. I just need to know if theres anything out there that might help??? - thanks =/	Additional Details my (moms)* church....	
Am i alcoholic if i put this down		I put down a 1.75 of vodka and not feel drunk ? Im buzzed but not drunk		
Study on drug or alcohol abuse among women		doing a study for class about women that drink or use drugs. my question is were your reasons for using because of your issues at home how and why did you start. also if i could get an answer from someone that had a decent relationship with their parents and was not exposed to drugs inside the home but got involved with alcohol or drugs and why and how. your input is greatly appreciated and if you could please give me some references to where i can find some answer to the questions i am asking.		
Best way to purchase alcohol as an underage drinker		Alright.. theres a party tomorrow night... and i want to drink a little... my moms not very strict and if asked her, she might give me but i dont want to, i dont want her to know about it. i have 3 options option 1: get from a friend going to the party but then i have to commit to paying him/seeing him/thanking him/being with him as he is rlly clingy and i just wanted to avoid him option 2: call this like 40 yr old who drives a white truck and sells/delivers alcohol to underage drinkers (he doesnt have a name but i have his number) a couple girls at my school have gotten from him before, i never have option 3: pay someone of age to buy some at my local beer shop please no lectures.. i just dont know which is saftest! i promise to drink responsibly!		
Serious Alcohol withdrawals, Cant find any help		My 23 year old brother recently decided to quit smoking and drinking altogether. his last drink (or night of severe binge drinking) was the first of this month. i dont know when the last time he smoked was. after this he started changing personality wise and about 4 or 5 nights ago he stared taking a turn for the worse. He had severe insomnia, insane mood swings, confusion, tons of paranoia/anxiety and rapid heart beating. We had to take him to the ER because we realized with problem was out of our hands and my oldest brother mother and father didnt know what to do. the ER took him in for a few hours (he said he wanted to hurt himself and others) and they had a psychiatrist talk with him late at night when we took him. he came back home and i felt like i had my brother back i could keep a coherent sentence with him. He said they gave him a pill before the psychiatrist showed up and he got some sleep. but through out the course of the day we stared loosing him again and he didnt really understand what was going on around him. the next night was the same and our dad took him to the ER again but they didnt help much... I tried asking what they had given my brother but they told me if they didnt send him home with it which i figured but they told me to take him back if he needed to be seen. today our mom took him to an AA meeting because all the hotlines and referral numbers told us this was our best hope. He came home and didnt like it. He said it was too preachy and lots of books i try to find also involve religion. Its really hard to find good help for him and Im very worried. hes not sleeping i cant carry on a conversation with him. I cant ask him anything without getting a really lost look and an extremely delayed response now. Please i dont know where else to turn and my brother seriously needs help. Have any other people gotten though this and how did they do it???? Oddly enough he doesnt ask for a drink		
What dose alcohol do to your body		i mean how dose alcohol harm ur body? and if u only drink alittle evey ones in awile will it still harm u? thanks for the help		
Is mixing painkillers and alcohol really that bad		I know having painkillers and alcohol repeatedly and in excess is extremely ba for you. But what about one Percocet and like 3 or 4 beers one time?? Is it really that much worse than binge drinking an getting blackout drunk? Is it that much different on your liver? Does anyone have any sources? Because most sites dont compare mild mixing with binge drinkin. All try talk about is being addicted to pain killers and getting trashed.		
Im 14 and like alcohol, I dont want this to go any farther. What can I do			Okay, so Im 14 and I like drinking. I NEVER go out in public drunk, I dont depend on it, and I can go without it, but I just really like the feeling of being drunk. I know it sounds really bad, and it is, but I dont want this to go any further. I want to stop. Im pretty smart, and I have lots of people who care about me, but I havent told anyone with the exception of two friends who I just told. Honestly, they are the ones who made me think about what I was doing. I just never really thought I was doing anything wrong, I guess. Any help would be really super appreciated! Thanks!!! Note- I would really like to avoid AA, if I can. Im not addicted. I have a drink maybe once a month or less, but when I do drink I drink hard and get drunk.	
I need a movie about alcoholic parents to touch a father to bes heart!		My boyfriend is an alcoholic, and when he alcohol abuses he also makes use of mild drugs... The problem is that a baby is on its way. He lost his job twice because of this problem. He does his best to obey his friends, but then seems to not be very reluctant to find a new job once again. Our baby is on its way and he has turned to the babys funds to pay for his drinks! However, deep down when conscious he is still caring and loving.. but with the first sip of wine this loving man is lost. I am telling you this to tell you why I need a title for a very shocking film to watch with him. I want this film to be about an alcoholic father and his young son, preferably not a teen son. Something which could show him the consequences for him being an alcoholic father, so it could make him feel sorry about the situation, and move on to change his life! Similar story line are of course very well appreciated, as long there is shown an alcoholic parent and child relationship. I really need this urgent please! I really need the title of such a movie to touch this father to bes heart! Please save my babys future :(		
My best friend is becoming a alcoholic			As stated in the title, my best friend is becoming a alcoholic. He is only 19. I have known him his entire life and I have never seen him like this. He started drinking when he was only 15. But, just an occasional beer or two. Over the years it has gotten much worse. He has developed a very bad dependency on alcohol. His drinking problem is starting to cause him to make bad decisions that are going to ruin his life forever. I just dont know what to do. His parents dont care about him at all. Him and his dad dont get along at all and his mom is a heroin addict. I have confronted him about his drinking, but he just shrugs it off and says he is fine. I really think he needs to go to alcohol rehab or counselling. Just something. Can anyone give me advice on what I should do? Thank you. Btw, sorry if this is the wrong category. I wasnt sure where to put this question.	
I helped out my ex after he had bad alcoholic spell...I callled the fire department they took him to the		hospital. He had 35% of alcohol in his blood. He went to out-patient for a few weeks and then return to work. He told me that alcohol was the reason for all the problems we had. My ex has a history of cheating. Well, he lived with me for two months and did not pay me anything until last wee. He gave me $400.00 but it was suppose to be $800.00. That evening I saw his phone and look to see if he was talking to someone. He was....He found out that I had been through his phone and moved out.. Not before calling me a lot of names...Telling me had been on many website....Also that he had gotten himself apartment while he lied to me about his financial situation...We had been together 10+ years of use and abuse. It has not been nice at all. But I cannot stop thinking about all of the terrible things I went through. My mind constantly goes over an over everything I did and did not do. Can someone help me and tell what I can do. Already block my phone for his Telephone number. This relationship was disrespectful. He was verbally, physically and emotionally abusive to me for a long time. I tried to get rid of HOME before, but he constantly called and emailed me begging and crying. Telling me he knew he has disappointed me for so long. I need to stop thinking about this guy. I deserve better and allowed this liar back end after getting him back on his feet again. It hurt that he could do this to me again! I guess I allowed it.		
Am I an alcoholic if I have a few drinks a day		Recently my brother had a seizure when he went two days without drinking. The doctor at the hospital said it was due to his alcohol addiction. This got me thinking, and worried me, that I may also have a dependency. I usually have 1 to 3 drinks when I get out of work because its my ideal way to relax. Im not trying to get wasted, thats just what i like to do. I usually dont drink the day after a heavy night of drinking. Im afraid to stop, as dumb as it sounds, because Im worried I may have a seizure. Granted my brother drank much more than I, Im wondering if its possible I may addicted as well?		
If alcohol causes Brain damage, Then why Brain instructs people to consume alcohol		Is this called as "Malfunctioning of Brain" or "Self destruction of Brain" ???		
Can alcoholic substitutes (non alcoholic beer) combined with will power ...		... be effective as a solution to fighting alcoholism? Im not an alcoholic myself, but I am curious, if such a measure would be an effective alternative to AA 12 step programs		
Am I an alcoholic or a genetic freak			Im a woman, 125 lbs. Ive been a pretty heavy drinker for a decade, starting at 16 on whiskey. Im not bragging (because its starting to look like maybe I have a problem) but I have at various occasions, easily matched men double my size, drink for drink and very rarely have hangovers or even a headache. Last night I had half a bottle of wine, a can of beer and two shots. My boyfriend had the same. He is almost the same weight (135 lbs.) and is puking his guts up, even though he is also a heavy drinker. I feel fine. Even more to the point: even though only 6.5 hours have passed, I just blew into a keychain breathalyzer and had .000 BAC. How is this possible? I do come from a family with a long, long history of alcohol abuse (my grandfather went through 3 marriages before he swore the stuff off, my uncle lost his first marriage, my mother drinks a bottle of wine per night...now that Im starting to learn this stuff, my ability to keep up with men is not looking so cool). Is it possible that I have a genetic heritage of metabolizing alcohol faster than the average person?	
How to stop drug and alcohol abuse at my high school		In the past 6 months, there have been 10 deaths in my community (high-school aged teens) related to drug or alcohol abuse. Ten lives have been lost because teenagers chose to make horrible decisions and the worst part? Their friends and family never gave them the help they deserved. A month ago a girl in my English class was found dead at her friends house after overdosing on acid. A week ago a couple guys in my speech class were talking about drinking and driving after parties and they were actually serious when they admitted to each other they had drove drunk several times before. My older brother, now in college, admitted to driving drunk while he was in high school. Students need to be aware of how their decisions affect others, and friends need the support to help their troubled peers and set them back on track. Deaths due to drug and alcohol abuse affect the entire community. These teens are the future of America: the next doctors, businessmen, lawyers, and maybe even presidents. Yet their lives are being lost before they can contribute anything to their country. What are ways I can share this with the kids at my school? There is already a SADD program (Students Against Destructive Decisions) but it is small, cliquey and ineffective. I need a program that will involve more students and help to save lives. Any ideas for a school club? Would it be possible for a minor to establish a non-profit organization? Thank you for your help!	Additional Details It was a rumor what type of drug she overdosed on. I dont exactly know the different types of drugs. However, she did indeed overdose on something.	
Am I addicted to alcohol		I am wondering if I am showing early signs of alcohol addiction. I know that I am a likely person to develop an addiction, but I want to know if I am already addicted. Im the type of person who cant have one beer and be done. When I drink, I need to at least get a tipsy feeling or I am unsatisfied. If you give me a bottle of Smirnoff ice I wont be happy until I drink it all. I dont understand the concept of saving it for later. My boyfriend doesnt want me to drink, so Ive been trying not to since we got together. But the temptation is always there and sometimes it is very powerful. I have gotten drunk once since we have been together and I feel terrible about it. I havent told him that I got drunk, and nobody but a few people know that I have ever been drunk before. I feel like I have to keep this a huge secret. Before I drink, it seems like a really good idea, and I dont care about the consequences. Afterwords I feel really guilty. I worry about the damage I am causing my body, and the damage I could potentially cause my relationship with someone I love very much. I was 17 the first time I ever got drunk. I have only been drunk a few times, so thats why I am not sure if I have an addiction or not. I have had cravings to use alcohol and cigarettes to solve my problems since I was 11, but I never touched either of those things until I was 17. Is it possible that my "addiction" could be purely emotional? I am so confused...I am trying to control it, but sometimes my thoughts are too overwhelming. I need answers, I dont know what to do...	Additional Details If anyone can also give me a little insight into what alcohol addiction is, that would be great. For example, I know what heroin addiction and cigarette addiction is. I know what chemicals do what and how it effects the body and what the withdrawal is like and how much of it you need to become addicted, but I know very little about alcohol addiction...	
From what Ive read, it takes 5 shots of alcohol chronically per hour to cause liver damage. True		I drink two beers, per hour, 12 hours a day. I keep researching if this is actually bad for my health in the end game, and I keep finding nothing spacific for my type of consumption. So what is the harm of drinking beer as I do?		
Can a women be happy with alcoholic men				
Why would jesus pick alcohol ,to represent his blood,its a strange choice		there were more apt liquids ..like water or milk ...why pick a liquid if you have to much will poison and kill you ..at the best, get you addicted and causes problems in your life with your family.... sorry i get it now ..its so apt...lol answered my own question	Additional Details manx ...you dont know the meaning of the word...as i answered my own question dart ...the son of god didnt know what a damaging thing wine could be ...there were no alcoholic in that day..even though its well documented by the roman the debauched wine fuelled parties that they had....no assumption ...dont need to assume ,,its well documented...unlike jesus india....true ,but,there were others...why choose the drinks of the oppressor im sure there was a local kosher alcohol	
Can alcohol and drugs turn a person into a sexual abuser		And I dont mean a person who abuses sex by being overtly promiscuous, but who actually abuses children and other people (molestation and rape). My husband and I recently separated (I threatened divorce if he didnt admit himself into rehab for alcoholism) and since then, some things have come out about him. My step-sons mother called me to say that he (my 13 y/o step-son) told her about a year ago that his dad molested him. When I asked why she didnt call the cops of CPS (especially since the step-son was living with us) she insisted she did, but they never went through with anything. After talking to my step-son, he confirmed that his dad "grinded" on him one day in the kitchen. He told his dad to stop, which he did, and his dad just laughed it off like it was a big joke. I asked my step-son if anything else happened at any point in time, and he said no. At the time of the occurrence, my husband was drinking heavily and of course denies everything. But than another incident surface from several years ago. My sister, who was 13 at the time, said that my husband sat really close to her on the couch one day, put his arm around her and started rubbing her hip. She pushed him away and left the room. It instantly triggered something in me, because the part of her body that he rubbed is a favorite part on *my* body that he likes to rub in private. It just made me sick to think about it!!! So, Ive decided to file for divorce. My mother had already filed a CPS report about what my husband did to my sister (everything was dropped for being inconclusive) and according to my step-sons mother, a report was made about the "grinding" (again, my husband, nor myself who was living with him at the time were ever contacted by CPS or the police). But in both situations, my husband was noticeably drunk (both kids pointed this out) and my step-sons mom claims that she doesnt believe he would do something like this sober. What baffles me, is that the mother of my step-son is allowing her son to live with his dad because he made the choice himself. There are some things that confuse me about this situation, but either way, Im not taking any risks by staying with him. So what is your opinion about sex abuse and drugs/alcohol?	Additional Details @Lori...I already have left him. And I stated that I am filing for divorce. Two reports have already been made to CPS and the police. Did you rea deverything?	
Can Alcohol/drugs casue a person to...		Molest a child? Or basically, abuse sex and harm other people with it? My husband and I recently separated (I threatened divorce if he didnt admit himself into rehab for alcoholism) and since then, some things have come out about him. My step-sons mother called me to say that he (my 13 y/o step-son) told her about a year ago that his dad molested him. When I asked why she didnt call the cops of CPS (especially since the step-son was living with us) she insisted she did, but they never went through with anything. After talking to my step-son, he confirmed that his dad "grinded" on him one day in the kitchen. He told his dad to stop, which he did, and his dad just laughed it off like it was a big joke. I asked my step-son if anything else happened at any point in time, and he said no. At the time of the occurrence, my husband was drinking heavily and of course denies everything. But than another incident surface from several years ago. My sister, who was 13 at the time, said that my husband sat really close to her on the couch one day, put his arm around her and started rubbing her hip. She pushed him away and left the room. It instantly triggered something in me, because the part of her body that he rubbed is a favorite part on *my* body that he likes to rub in private. It just made me sick to think about it!!! So, Ive decided to file for divorce. My mother had already filed a CPS report about what my husband did to my sister (everything was dropped for being inconclusive) and according to my step-sons mother, a report was made about the "grinding" (again, my husband, nor myself who was living with him at the time were ever contacted by CPS or the police). But in both situations, my husband was noticeably drunk (both kids pointed this out) and my step-sons mom claims that she doesnt believe he would do something like this sober. What baffles me, is that the mother of my step-son is allowing her son to live with his dad because he made the choice himself. There are some things that confuse me about this situation, but either way, Im not taking any risks by staying with him. So what is your opinion about sex abuse and drugs/alcohol?		
Alcohol Abuse in the world was one of a big issues for this problems research topic		What are some of problems on this topic for doing research why men are so tough and into assault and some negative thinking when they too much drink. What are some of negative sides for this issues in society nowadays?		
Did alcohol cause me to have a seizure		When I was 5 or six years old I started having seizures. Upon doing x-rays doctors thought I had a tumor. It turned out it was not a tumor and that there were dried up blood clots on my brain. After surgery to remove the blood clots I took dilantin and then tegritol for years without having a seizure. I hated taking tegritol and often would hide or throw it to avoid taking it. The doctors thought since iI did that lets take this guy off meds and see what happens. I went seizure free until I was 18 at which time I had a traumatic brain injury (TBI) from a dead fall that caused me to hit my head. I had three consecutive seizures at the time and was in intensive care for five days with amnesia. My brain was covered in blood in the x-rays and it was truly a life altering experience. In my 20s someone asked me if I ever had small seizures casually. I had never thought about it until then but I have always had little twitches in my left leg but it never worried me because they never turned into anything severe. My left leg has always felt vulnerable and this is where my seizures used to be worst when i was a child. A few years ago I had a seizure in my sleep that may have been triggered by alcohol consumption. I had two bottles of wine. I have abused alcohol since I was 18 over drinking often without ever triggering a seizure. In 2011 I began to abuse alcohol on almost a daily basis. After a year and a half of that one morning I had a seizure that was pretty bad. I almost bit off my tongue and it took me some time to get my senses back. I dont really think the seizure was an alcohol withdraw seizure as much as I think it was just triggered by alcohol. Knowing my body I am pretty sure I will have problems with seizures as I get older. I just want to know if my condition can be considered epilepsy or not. I am actually not dependent on alcohol and have been sober for months without any difficulty. It is my opinion that if these seizures were alcohol induced I would have had many over the years due to my consumption. Is it possible to abuse alcohol for years without having a seizure? And is it possible to have an alcohol withdraw seizure then go two years abusing alcohol before having another?	Additional Details I am trying to get a prescription for medical marijuana. I have since quit drinking with no problem because I am not physically dependent on it.	
Is my friend an alcoholic WILL PICK BEST ANSWER		She hasnt had a sober weekend for 1 1/2 months. Is she becoming addicted, or just being a normal partier. When she is beyond drunk she always says "This isnt who I am, I dont know why I do this, Im done drinking." Then the next weekend shes out doing the same thing. When she gives advice to her younger family members, or the people who look up to her at work that say they arent going to ever start "Dont party cause its the hardest loop to get out of, I said I wouldnt party and look it, thats what my weekends consist of." She will be 18 in 3 months and her mom and her future step dad have done everything to try to stop her from going out nothing works, she lies to there face and they never find out, What do I do?		
My aunt is addicted to drugs and alcohol. /:		hey whoever reads this, i need help. my aunt who is in her early twenties is addicted to drugs and alcohol and she is tearing the family apart. her and i use to be so close and it is very heartbreaking to see her killing herself. it is like the whole family is already planning her funeral, yes it is that bad. you might be thinking talk to her about it, get her help, stop providing for her. it really isnt that simple. once we even bring it up she hates talking about it, she literally screams at you she doesnt want to hear what anybody has to say. she hates the truth. my aunt is so addicted to alcohol she cant even attend any birthday party sober. she always has alcohol on her. even if the alcohol is forbidden and i personally think she has an eating problem she is so skinny you can see her ribs, plus all the drugs shes on is doing that to her. she actually has heart problems, she has had open heart surgery and the doctors even told her no drinking but like i said she doesnt listen or give a damn to care.. and right now she does not have a job, she goes to clubs everynight, she always has brusises on her, she has more boyfriends than i can count, she steals from the family or anybody, she is always selling her moms things to get money, she currently is living in a camper, she is just associating herself with the wrong people and thats why she cant get help because she cant get away from them. i just dont know what to do anymore, she use to be the best aunt in the world and now im watching her kill herself right in front of me. i just want your opinions on what i should do.. i was thinking about writing her a letter since she wont even talk on the phone or in person about it to anybody but i would be telling her about how everybody feels and how she is not only affecting herself but everyone else in the process that if she doesnt get help she is more dead to me than she practically is right now.. yaddayadda, do you think this could knock some sense into her? or should i let her be? i really need help. :( please and thank you. and so sorry this is long. /:		
Will my body recover from alcohol abuse		dont consider myself an alcoholic, but I do drink. Im a 20 year old female. At the start of last year after a break up with my bf of 3 years I started drinking. It was pretty bad where I would get hammered every second night. That calmed down though where I didnt drink anything for 4 months at all, until the end of last year. It wasnt that bad, I would usually have a couple of drinks over the week (like a wine with dinner type thing) and I would get a box (of 8% bourbons) after my long hard week at work, where I would "binge" drink. My drinking became worse this year though. i started university and the girl I lived with was a real party chick and we would have sooo much fun getting drunk about 3 times a week. This has carried on till today. Sometimes I feel really bad for my body, and have moments where I will cry as say something like "Im sorry body for doing this to you". I recently saw was long term abuse was like and the woman I saw that was an alcoholic seemed a bit "slow" or "dopey" like the alcohol had made her "not really with it" Can my body recover from my 2 years of drinking? I want to have children in the next few years and I want my body to be in perfect condition. I dont want to end up like that lady		
Im an alcoholic, I drink a liter of vodka a day.How long before this amount kills me		I know its a stupid amount to drink (genuinely) but when I drink this much I feel physically OK. I know this isnt a good thing. Unfortunately I feel compelled to drink and when I stop I start shaking really badly. How long have I got? Im reluctant to confront this, primarily because I feel good when drinking and dire when not (I know this isnt good). I dont want to inform any family or particularly seek medical advice either if I can help it. At the moment everyone is in the dark. Any information would be appreciated (longevity wise). I know how stupid my situation is, Im just bound to alcohol. I appreciate most people wont be able to empathise so any abuse is expected however id appreciate being enlightened. Thanks to anyone in advance.		
Why are some ppl addicted to drugs/alcohol and some can quit		I kno for a fact that I could easily quit any drug or controlled substance. even if it gave me pleasure and even if I was once addicted I could quit at any time. but I have family members that,have been addicted to crack for many years.		
I have given up smoking ,I dont drink alcohol, those thing I find easy to control but my weight is spiralling.		I cant stop eating biscuits and cakes I have been to slimming classes I get started then when I am about 10 weeks in I just lose control and end up having a huge binge on rubbish and cakes I have been to my GP but he offered me orlastat tablets I took one row and nothing happened like it said it would, my primary concern is that I end up diabetic or worse have a heart attack, I am only 5ft 4 and weigh just over 16.5 stone depression has set in and I cant get out of it. I do exercise every day as I have a large dog that needs to be walked every day twice a day and I do enjoy it but it isnt enough can anyone out there help?		
Advantages and disadvantages of alcohol		Im not looking for any one sided opinions. This is for my essay, so id like opinions from both sides. Thanks:)		
LGBT: Would it be fair to compare drinking alcohol, smoking and abusing prescription medication to Church		I would have put To Christianity but the cap limit kinda spoiled that, what I mean is<SEMCOL> people drink alcohol/smoke or abuse prescription medication to "Feel better" or "Feel in control" and people believe in Christianity to "Feel better", "Give themselves hope" and "Feel like there is some control". So wouldnt it be one in the same, Im not bashing those who follow the Christian belief<SEMCOL> Im just stating it is kinda like a crutch.		
Should alcoholics be treated as obese people		There are always ways to help fat people with pills(cuz theyre too lazy to help themselves). Alcoholics and obese people both carry the predisposition to their "disease" yet alcoholics dont blame genetics! Doyou agree that 99% of fat people overeat/underexercise?	Additional Details K- your argument is very flawed.... Fat people dont blame genetics?! Thatd what they all do, they blame everything but their actions. I have never heard an alcoholic blame their parents addiction for theirs, they usually blame a bad memory in life on their addiction. And for those shows, it proves that fat people being lazy was initially what caused their weight. They go to the show, bust some *** and drop weight like crazy. I ENVY them for that. They prove that fat people are lazy, and that being athletic changes that every time!! And prescriptiin drugs are the worst excuse for obesity. The druga might make you lazy, but thats all in your state of mind.. Otherwise 100% of people on such drugs would be overweight.. I understand overweight people have a different mind set than most, thats what causes lack of motivation.. But they cant blame anything or one but themselves....	
Does drinking a 3-pack of 24-oz Coors Light once a week make me an alcoholic		i drink a 3-pack of 24-oz Coors Light every Friday. i never drink any more than that. but does this mean im an alcoholic?		
Was the ATF created because alcohol and tobacco would be illegal under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970		Schedule I substances (strictest penalties) are those that have the following findings: The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse. The drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States. There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision.	Additional Details The ATF (Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms) was created in 1972...	
I have never drank alcohol...am I weird		I honestly have not drank alcohol in my life. I am an almost-24 year old woman in the US and I am planning to stay that way for the rest of my life. My recently-met coworkers are inviting me to go to "Happy Hour" with them next week (I assume pubs and/or clubs?) but I dont drink. I think Ill just get bored and bore them too. I am also quite a solitary person. I am used to eating lunch by myself and go to shopping by myself. I always have nothing interesting to talk about except school stuff, Harry Potter and tennis. Whats wrong with me? I just feel like once I start drinking, I might become addicted to it like cigarette (Im a "tobacco virgin" too). So I might as well not start at all. P.S. I am sure youve now figured that I am virgin too...as I never had a boyfriend, never been kissed and never been on a date with anyone.		
If you think your pregnant is it still sfae to drink alcohol		If it is safe to drink if you think you are could it have any effects on the baby?		
Im an alcoholic, I think, but is it okay		So I dont know quite where to begin. But I am a 21 year old male (turn 22 on Tuesday) and for the past 3-4 months or so I have been drinking 4-6 beers a day. While this may not sound like a lot, you must understand that before this period I rarely drank (literally only maybe every 2 months). Nowdays I am drinking more often and it scares me as I used to HATE alcohol (my dad is an alcoholic, and while he doesnt get pissed when drunk, I can tell that it affects his life negatively deep down) so I NEVER thought Id be in this boat. I used to be addicted to Oxycontin for over a year of my life. It was a good period of my days until I realized how much money I was wasting on such an expensive high, so I sought medical help and was prescribed Suboxone for withdrawals. I have been clean from pills for over 9 months (yay for me!) But I feel like I am starting to substitute my old addictions with new ones and that is starting to scare me. Ive gained so much weight ever since I quit doing pills, its kind of depressing. I have always been a pretty slim guy (while doing pills I weighed 145 lbs. and I am 5"10" in height), but now I weigh 175 lbs and people say I look "healthier" but I feel extremely fat. Anyhow, I dont know what to do. I want to quit drinking, and I feel I have quit harder things in life, but I drink every night to rewind and relax. I am student in college, and am passionate for my career, I dont feel like alcohol ever gets in the way of that. But Im scared that later in life I may become just like my dad and drink EVERY night for 30+ years straight, and this frightens me. I feel like I cant quit one drug without replacing it with another. While Im doing what I would consider fine now, I feel like its going to bite me in the *** in the future. I also drink due to me having some pretty extreme anxiety issued, and I honestly never drank a single drop of alcohol until my girlfriend of 4+ years broke up with me. Then I turned to the simplest and easiest "high". But now what do I do? Is this typical "college kid"behavior. Or should I seek help before things get worse?		
What is worse for you health- alcohol or cigarettes			cigs are cancer sticks and i dont wanna smoke them or get addicted even though i occassionaly have 1 howver i drink alcohol about once a month not even thinking that it have be worse for my health than cigarettes.	
Are children of alcoholics more susceptible to becoming alcoholics than the general population		Why? What environmental influences also play a role?		
Should Native Americans be allowed to buy and consume alcohol		Native Americans have a long history of alcohol abuse and to protect them should they be banned from consuming and buying alcohol much like the minimum drinking age law.		
How do alcoholics do it		(This is actually a serious question) If I have a night out partying & drinking, I cant even think about alcohol the next couple of days cos of my hangover. And the lethargic state it leaves me in the following day means I just dont function lol. My question is, how are there alcoholics who hold down a job still etc...or are they just constantly drinking but not huge amounts at a time so they dont get a hangover?		
How much alcohol until your liver starts to cause major problems		Just wondering about this, I drink about 5 double vodkas 6 nights a week with usually 1 night off, been doing this for about 2 years now. So how long does it take to start really doing you liver damage and also to become an alcoholic? I know Im not an alcoholic because I have my night off most weeks and I never crave also every once in a while I might go a week off so that rules that out. Most books Ive read say that it takes between 10 - 30 years for an alcoholic to get liver disease. Thanks for any answers, but please only real answers non of the "your lucky to be alive" naive bs please		
Is there anything for alcohol withdrawal, medication recovery		Just like how there is some medication for drug addicts, like Suboxone, Methadone... etc. I wonder if theres anything like that for alcoholic? ..weed? lol.. or is there? - just wondering, thanks.		
Should the DEA and Congress move quickly to ban alcohol before any more innocent children are harmed		I mean isnt this exactly the reason Im told all the other drugs are illegal? If we are not going to ban what is OBVIOUSLY a dangerous substance with high potential for abuse, then what exactly is the rationale to ban something like marijuana? Or cocaine? Or anything else for that matter? http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/10/? A Florida woman who fatally shot her four children before killing herself in May was drunk at the time, according to autopsy reports. Tonya Thomas had a blood-alcohol level of 0.16 percent -- two times the legal limit, according to reports cited by floridatoday.com. Thats the equivalent of approximately 10 drinks for a woman her height and weight, Bruce Goldberger, a professor and the director of toxicology in the Department of Pathology, Immunology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of Florida College of Medicine, told floridatoday.com.	Additional Details @daniel......"Remember what happened in prohibition there not doing that again" Cartels are making BILLIONS in annual revenue. We ARE doing it again.	
Do you think hes a alcoholic		Do you think hes a alcoholic? Hey, Iv just turned twenty yesterday. Im really concerned with my dads drinking. Everyday from 5:30-6 pm he drinks a whole bottle of wine and about six beers (plus anything else he can get his hands on that night). He acts like a pri*k and says the worst things making it hard to be around him from that time onwards. He drinks by himself in his dimly lit room at his computer. Its never social drinking. He occasionally falls down flights of stares and smash glasses when hes pissed. This is a 7 day a week occurrence that has been going on for about 8-10 years. Would you class him as an alcoholic? and where on the scale would you place him (1-10)? What steps are there to get him help that he doesnt want? What do you think? Thanks for the answers in advance P.S hes not violent and I dont feel in danger this is the second posting of the same questing thanks x		
Why do so many people try alcohol		It just seems so stupid I know about peer pressure and stuff like that but just why?		
What is the difference between drugs and alcohol		A lot of people say that they are totally against drugs but not alcohol. Drugs get you intoxicated, so does alcohol and you can become addicted to both. How can you be against one but not the other if they basically do the same thing? So Id like to know that the difference between the two is.		
What kind of degree would i need to be able to become a case manager at a drug and alcohol rehab center		I am in recovery myself and have went down a long dark road and have came out on the other side. I know first hand the pain and heartache that people in recovery go through and I want to help others and give back. I have found a school that has a fast track alcohol and drug counseling program that after 10 months they send you a diploma for that and then you have the option to continue to get your associates degree. Im not a spring chicken so Im trying to do the fastest thing possible and Im not looking to go back to school for 4 years or more!! Please help!!! Thank you		
Is drinking one well-made mixed drink after classes every day considered alcohol abuse		With less than 2 shots worth of alcohol?	Additional Details Also, it tastes delicious. I generally get my homework done shortly after drinking, too.	
Can alcohol affect your judgement when even if you are not drunk		I have been for years a person who would focus too much on negative thoughts, when something was bothering me I would over-think about it and would dwell on whatever was bothering me. nut lately i have changed, i worked on it and I gladly have become on a person that really doesnt worry about small details anymore. one of the things i stopped doing was drinking too much alcohol, I was pretty much a drunk, so i think that could have been one of the things that was affecting me. since I have been feeling better, I have started to have at least one beer almost everyday for the last 3 weeks or so. and heres the thing, a few days ago i started worrying about something that used to bother me a few months ago(it doesnt really matter what it is), like al of a sudden, i just remembered that and became anxious about it like i used to. what bothers me the most is how that just came back and I<SEMCOL>ve been wondering what could be the problem. so here is where my question comes, is it possible that since I started drinking more often again that could be playing with my brain and Ive reliving old memories or something, or can alcohol just make your brain "weaker" or more prompted to bad judgement?		
What exactly happens when you quit drinking alcohol		Does your reflexes return to normal? your liver and fitness?		
Why is marijuana "bad" Is it worse than alcohol Why arent all "bad" things illegal		Its weird how you can discuss states rights vs. the federal govt. all day long but AS SOON as a you mention legalizing marijuana, a large percentage of the so called limited govt. crowd immediately resort to the "drugs are bad" argument. So is alcohol. But regulating in a legal manner produces LESS CRIME. So how are drugs, specifically marijuana, different? Its no harder than alcohol or cigarettes (in fact, its the least addictive of the three). http://www.irishexaminer.com/archives/20? Mr Room examined a range of research on the health effects of legal and illegal drugs, which compared the substances based on dangerousness or harm, degree of intoxication and dependence. These found: * Harm: Ecstasy and cocaine highest, followed by alcohol and heroin, with cannabis lowest. * Intoxication: Alcohol highest, heroin next, then cocaine, cannabis fourth. * Dependence: Tobacco highest, heroin second, cocaine third, alcohol fourth and cannabis lowest.		
Why do some people say its bad for alcoholics to become bartenders				
Do Alcoholics choose to be addicts to alcohol or is it a disease they can not help		I know alcoholism can be treated but I always feel they are also sick just the same as if one has Bipolar or Anxiety or Schizophrenia, etc... It bugged me as a kid (teen) when my mother was critical of an alcoholic as I knew the alcoholic could not help what they were going through and was ill with Bipolar and alcoholism. Sure the alcoholic could have gone to therapy but maybe they were unaware of its advantages despite being told by people "you need to get help". That person eventually did get better and lived happily the last 14 years (died in their 70s of unrelated causes). I have a great-uncle that died this past summer of a heart attack and was in treatment for cancer. Chemo could not be done because of his liver condition (Cirrhosis) and he was a long term alcoholic. I was bugged when I hear that mans nephew say "well he chose to die at 66 like that by being a drunk". So I wonder, is it a choice or is it mostly out of ones control with the only choice being whether or not to get treatment and even there limited choice involved based on environment and age?		
I feel depressed/disapointed when people takes drugs or Alcohol.		What should I do? Everytime I see someone I know Smoking or just Abusing of Alcohol, I get that depressive Feeling. It gives me a strange feeling of uhmm.. Hate. (I am unsure.) Am I just Overreacting or something else?		
Similarities between turning to food for comfort and turning to alcohol/drugs		Addiction/alcoholism runs in my family, and even though Im aware of this and therefore avoid drugs & alcohol, I still have powerful addictions to other things, like anything that gives the least amount of pleasure or relief. For one thing, I exercise a LOT because although its become an addiction in itself, it helps to steer me away from other addictions like eating too much because the food tastes good. I need to constantly control my food intake otherwise I could eat all day long because there are so many yummy foods. The thing that sparked me to ask this question is which is more detrimental to ones health: alcoholism, drug addiction, or food addiction...? And now that Ive asked that I think its already clear to me that all addictions are detrimental. We must find balance and eliminate addictions. This is a hard thing because addictions are what drive me. I do, however, choose the higher path, like turning to exercise & healthy food, although deep down Im craving men or sweet baked goods (cant have both of those, so I lean toward exercising a lot then working on men ). Ahh life as an addict is relentless, internal torture.		
Im 18 and live in Texas. I got an MIP for alcohol. How do I get it off my record		How much is the ticket? Anyway to avoid paying? Like community service or anything?		
Can you smoke crack like a normal person drink alcohol		My new girlfriend is a hipster be together for 2 weeks and we were at party and her friends were smoking a pipe. My girlfriend had a few hits and passed it to me I thought it was weed and it blew my head off. I said WTF!!! What is this? She said crack and I said are you crazy?!?!? She said its ok if you dont so it all the time. Im confused what should I do? Will she become cracky jacky? I dont want that		
Can I use rubbing alcohol for acne		Im the kind of person that doesnt have a lot of "pimples", but mine are big and red, and it looks AWFUL to me, Idk about other people who look at me. Ive heard that rubbing alcohol can help get rid of these blemishes. Does anyone know how long it would take for my blemishes to disappear after I start the treatment and id it actually works?		
Alcohol and Antihistamines		Im on a course of Cetirizine Hydrochloride, for minimum 2 weeks which would take me to 26th October. Ive got a party the next day, and Ill be drinking (most likely vodka & coke if that matters) will this have any adverse effects? Also i have a months supply anyway, and Im to continue taking them if they dont work, if i was to not have them on the day of the party and then restart the next day what would be the consequences? Thanks for any answers :)		
Are alcohol and nicotine used as a substitute for gods, or vice versa				
Which is worse on the body marijuana or alcohol		If it was legalized do you think a lot of politicians would spark it up and mellow out.	Additional Details Jim S every day I worked with alcoholics stinking of wine and beer. I have known heroin users with better control of themselves.	
Is there anything wrong with not drinking alcohol and smoking		Im 19 and I dont drink or smoke, my family tells me just to have a good time, I dont see why though.. I dont like alcohol and Id rather have a clean system. dont you think that todays society has the impression that drinking is a cool thing, and impacts on everyone making them drink		
Why dont I drink alcohol		I dont drink alcohol for only one reason: (THE TASTE!) because I had a couple of tiny sips from my father and I hated it. Im only a 20 year old female, and will turn 21 in March. I can drink starting at 21. But Im not gonna ever drink alcohol just because of the taste. They say alcohol is bad for people, so I think I may have perfectly avoided alcohol for that reason. Itll keep me away from even thinking about having 1 or 2 drinks or turning into alcohol addict. What about you? What makes you not drink alcohol? Maybe some of you could be like me or because of another reason.		
Why is it that when someone is suffering from alcohol poisoning a treatment option is treating with .......		why is it that when someone is suffering from alcohol poisoning a treatment option is treating with very dilute ethanol? Thanks in advance		
Alcohol withdrawls symptoms		I have been drinking pints of liquor everyday for 2 weeks. Now since I stopped, Ive been sweating,cant stop moving, bad headaches. Is this withdrawls?		
Why cant my stomach take any alcohol after getting drunk		Ok friday night i drank just a bit, over a fifth of jack and six pack of beer without eating anything prior. Feeling great and then i lost all feeling in my body period. I stop and just let my stomach sit for an hour or so and had one last shot of jack. Fyi i had no chasers or mixxes for the jack just strait shots. 10 mins later i was praying to the porcelain god for 2 hours. Feel asleep woke up and rolled into my tub to take a bath and feel asleep again with the tub filling up. Woke up a bit later and got to bed, got up around my normal 8 and did not have a hangover period. I tryed drinking water it acted up but nothing came up. Now last night i had a beer and i dam near started praying and that was after i ate. This was my first true drunk i have had and was wondering why cant my stomach hold any alcohol now qnd its been four days?		
Would tieing alcohol purchase to income solve some of the welfare problem.		On both ends...people on welfare....and people like me who dont want to help a single person that doesnt deserve it....even if that means not giving it to 5 people who do. I know some countries do so this....Dubai is an example....the amount of alcohol you can purchase a month is tied to your income. I dont see it being difficult to require alcohol inventories be tracked and can only be sold with a swipe of a drivers license/ state issued id... would then be tied to some database that has your legally earned income. Someone on welfare then earns nothing..cant buy alcohol. Bars would have to be figured out....lets say a total of 10% on dinging / alcohol/ entertainemt....throw tobacco in too. I personally dont drink at all but I can see it messing up college town bar owners / clubs.....give a proof of enrollment in college / trade school...whatever...monthly allowance. Make fines for someone who buys alcohol for others harsher than supply alcohol to minors. At the very least ..black market alcohol would go up in price to a point that its worth getting a job for.	Additional Details As a muslim, ill tell you dubai is not very islamic and saudi arabia is the scourge of the earth. There are no "islamic" countries. Shariah law isnt really what you think it is. True islam follows a libertarian viewpoint. Let people do whatever they want if letting them kill themselves was part of it...not using tax money to pay for their medical bills. Im cool with free health care if restrictions were placed on how much people can eat / requiring a gym membership. OR let people eat whatever they want, but i dont pay their medical bills. government was able to operate on top of helping the needy with a flat tax of 2.5%. Non-muslims paid a higher tax rate which went to pay the soldiers in the army....non-muslims werent trusted to be in the army.	
What would you consider an alcoholic		My boyfriend drinks everyday. His rule is he wont open a beer until noon. But he can drink 3/4 a bottle of vodka in one night along with 4 or 5 beers. I know he drinks several beers and mixed drinks everyday. He has chrons disease and chooses not to take his medicine so he can drink alcohol. What is wring with this picture? He claims he doesnt drink to get drunk, but I dont anyone who can drink that much vodka in one day. Im not talking about a small bottle either. He gets so mean and claims hes not drunk.	Additional Details First of all to George I am not a dead beat. I work full-time go to school full-time and havent have a drink of alcohol myelf in years. To anyone else....I question all the time why would you choose to drink instead of taking your medicine. He claims he feels fine. I have approached him about his drinking and he just gets mad. He says he not an alcoholic because he doesnt drink from the time he gets up until the time he goes to bed and still takes care of home.	
Need help finding a good theory relating to a deviant behavior like Alcoholism and Substance Abuse		Im thinking of Social Bond theory, any other ideas? Thanks!!!		
Need some advise regarding my alcohol abuse		Hi. Long story short, I started drinking when I was 13, I used to steal from my family to buy drink, and I am now 42 with children and a wife of my own. I drink on average roughly 100 units of alcohol per week and it is bad. Our children are small and do not understand, but we do argue a lot and to be honest it is all my fault. I have wanted to give up drinking for years but every time I tried I could not handle how bad it made me feel, and because it made me feel bad my wife felt bad and gave in to my demands for a drink. It really is a problem. So, I am drunk right now but have promised my wife THIS will be the last time. We have no money left, again, our kids are dressed in hand me downs, the heating is turned off, and all because of my drinking. This should be incentive enough for me to stop drinking, but it isnt. I am a dirty drunk and a bad parent, and I do not want to be that man any more, but how can I stop ? I have been to AA for years, nothing. Have tried other organisations, but nothing. I need to do this alone, with my family (my wife) not trusting me. Please, any one, is there any advise out there ? Any ? Thanks in advance....		
Should a parent have visitation when there is a concen about prescription drug and alcohol abuse		My ex-spouse claims that he is free from addiction after six hospitalizations for detox treatments over the past year. He and his family claim that an addiction program has been complete, but they refuse to provide a certificate of completion. My ex-spouse appears healthier then before, but I am almost cerain he is still drinking, and abusing perscription medications when nobody is around. I feel that his family acts as enablers, by covering his problems to help secure his parental rights I want my child to have a healthy relationship with this parent, but not in unsafe conditions. His families lies about his addiction use make me leary of their judgeent and to how well I can trust them. Do I allow visitation with my ex and the family, prior to having proof sobriety and/or a change of visitation schedule? They are threatening custody with my daughter, so long as I dont meet their needs.		
How does Alcohol affect a Low Ejection Rate.		. My Ejection Rate is at 30% ( normal is 55%-70%), however, I have been "okayed" to continue taking Benzodiazapines (which are CNS depressants, just like Alcohol). So.... Wadia think ? .		
Why is alcoholism considered a disease		Ive always wondered why they call alcoholism a disease. Along with obesity, and smoking, and sex. Its something you bring upon yourself...you have the choice. Addiction is no argument<SEMCOL> any addiction can be overcome as long as youre willing to commit to it. Unlike something like cancer or AIDS, where even if you get it via your own actions (i.e. smoking or sex), you really have very little control in your ability to beat it. The definitions Im reading of "disease" in dictionary websites and wikipedia all say things like "a syndrome that involves symptoms, signs" etc...and yes...there are symptoms and signs of being addicted to alcohol, and conditions that cosnuming too much alcohol can lead to...but addiction to alcohol is not a contagious bug, or a disease that your body just happens to pick up on based on your unlucky mix of genes or cells (like epilepsy or hirschrprungs). Addiction to alcohol has nothing to do with these things<SEMCOL> you drink something, you like it, and you dont have the self-discipline to hold back until its too late! Why is it declared a "disease"? And if we let alcoholism be considered a "disease", where do we draw the line? Should obesity, smoking, drug addiciton, sex addiction, and every other addiction known to man (like "foot fetishes") be considered "diseases" too?		
Is smelling rubbing alcohol while pregnant harmful for my unborn baby		Im 34 weeks pregnant and the smell of hand sanitizer and rubbing alcohol is addicting to me for some reason! I put sanitizer on my hands about 10 times a day to smell it. Could this harm my baby??		
What worse Alcohol or Cigarettes		They always says you get addicted to cigarettes and you get cancer but they never say anything about Alchol? Which is worse? Smoking cigarettes or drinking Alcohol?		
Wheres the line between self medication/alcohol abuse, and an appropriate reason to drink alcohol		The choice to drink alcohol is almost always influenced by its intoxicating effect. Why else would alcoholic drinks be the #1 choice at social gatherings? It can help users release their inhibitions and smooth out potentially stressful/awkward social interactions. Some say that only having one drink has nothing to with getting a buzz. BUT if you rarely have more than one drink per occasion, then one drink is likely all it takes to get you buzzed... I guess the frequency of getting buzzed/drunk is what makes an alcoholic, but the reason behind choosing to drink is usually the same for everyone...to alter your perception (even slightly) which boils down to recreational drug use.	Additional Details Even if you can control yourself, doesnt the REASON you choose to drink the determining factor? If you drink alcohol to alter your perception, isnt that self medication?	
If Irish people drink a lot and their longevity is still high, is the "dangers of alcohol" a hoax		Just wondering... Could someone please educate me?		
Whats the diff between clinical social workers, counseling psychologists, and alcohol & drug counselors		When all three work with individuals with mental disorders then what is the main difference between the three. What is the strengths of clinical social workers, counseling psychologists, and alcohol & drug counselors that sets them apart from each other?		
How to be confident without consuming alcohol or drugs		Also,how to approach an unknown hot girl and make her fall for you?		
Anyone know the ticket price for a MIP alcohol.		I received an MIP in Ann arbor MI. I was just standing outside playing catch with a beer. Was not given a breathalyzer test, and I had a perfect record up until this.		
Alcohol numbness in arms, hands, legs		So about 3 days ago, I went to a festival and only had 3 jager bombs to drink. During the night, my coordination was so off, I couldnt even buckle my pants back up. Anyhoo, as Ive said, days have passed and Im still not 100%. My hands and feet for sure feel numb and occasionally certain other body parts, like my back and face. Ive been trying to read up and sounds like alcoholic neuropathy. The thing is, all the articles talk about prevention by stopping the alcohol abuse. Im not in denial, honestly, but Im by no means an alcoholic. The most I go out drinking is maybe once a month, if at all. I dont get behind the wheel, and I know when Ive had enough and should stop. Im 57" and 110 pounds, so Im sure my body type has something to do with it. Long story short, Im wondering how long will it be before my numbness goes away? Is it permanent? Should I see a doctor (if so, what can they do) or should I simply wait this out?		
Not sure if alcoholic or not...		When something bad happens in my life or Im just sad, I drink a lot or smoke weed (and my life sucks so it happens almost every day) but when everythings alright (maybe for a couple of weeks in a year) I dont feel like drinking or smoking and i dont miss them at all. When im in a sad period, i cant live without at least one of them,but when everything is ok i really dont need them. Am I addicted to these drugs? sorry for my bad english im drunk:/		
What heart disease(s) are caused by: abuse, alcohol and viral diseases			Forgot what it was called and its killing me! myocardi...something!!	
How can I tell if Im addicted to alcohol		I can say I like the taste of a really good mixed drink when I want to relax. I can say that the scent of whiskey appeases me. I can say that alcohol takes the edge off when Im in a particularly bad mood. I can say that I love to drink when I go to parties, and am miserable when I dont. I can say that alcohol relaxes me, and Im far more human with a couple ounces in me than when I am sober. I can say that I had 50 milliliters of Jack this morning to wake me up because I had no sleep the night before thanks to my roommate. I can say that I have thrown up once. I cant say I agree with people who tell me to stop drinking. As a matter of fact, they irritate me. I also cant say that I would give up drinking within the next four years. And finally, I cant say that I hate the taste and smell of alcohol. As a matter of fact, I love it. What I can say for sure<SEMCOL> Im sober right now.		
Can I die from drinking alcohol once		Seriously I dont understand how people can drink every single day or every weekend. Its absolutely disgusting. I am a healthy eater and I seldom drink, maybe once a year I will have a tiny bit of something. Ill be the last to order an alcoholic beverage. I wont even order it in a bar. Its just gross. Well for the past two weeks for some reason I have been drinking more than usual, just one beer and a little wine. Basically too much than I normally have (once a year or every other year) lately I have been not feeling my normal self. I feel like crap, I feel heavy, always tired. And I think its cause I have been drinking. I am going on a 3 day water fast this weekend to get this toxic crap out of my system. How do people enjoy feeling like this? How do people enjoy wasting money on a toxin every day/weekend? Explain what is so enjoyable about drinking and destroying your liver and entire system? Seriously how do people do this :P? Do you guys drink? Anyone here hate drinking like me?		
To what extent do you believe that drugs and alcohol played a significant role within the musical world			*sigh* I am bored. Answer and ramble away!	
What type of brain damage is caused by opiates/narcotics and alcohol		I know a guy that has been taking prescibed oxycontin and oxycodone for four years, taking sleeping pills for two, and is a major alcoholic. He has probably been doing other things too, but i dont know. He has been abusing the sleeping pills and opiates, he drinks alcohol everyday. He still drinks but I think he has stopped most of the drugs. I think he is over withdrawl but im not possitive. He has MAJOR anger issues but after he has episodes, he forgets alot of what has happend. His memory is getting better but his temper gets shorter and his anger lasts longer. He also becomes violent and will hit walls and stuff. I was thinking he has brain damage or something, like dementia. I am afraid that he will hurt people around him, he has also been very controling to family members and very jelous of his wifes male relatives thinking they are trying something, he gets mad if she stays out too long and is very obsessive. I am extremely worried of the saftey of him and his family. He hasent been physically abusive but i am worried that he will be in the future. Please answer. every answer counts.		
Why do people still think Alcohol is healthier for you than Marijuana		I know Im probably the 50th person today to ask something like this, but the fact that a good percentage of people still believe weed is worse than booze is mind blowing. No one has every died as a direct result of Marijuana use. Marijuana doesnt kill brain cells. The "Gateway Drug" thing is a complete myth. It doesnt contain any tar, but a substance called Resin. Resin isnt some life threatening deadly tar. 75-80% of resin consists of natural accruing oils found in all plant matter. These oils are called Turpens. Its non habit forming. You cant get physically addicted, You can be mentally addicted to anything however as Joe Rogan would say, "You can get addicted to cheeseburgers too, but you dont see them closing burger king." - Loose quote. Pot doesnt make you stupid or lazy, if people are stupid or lazy and they smoke pot, its because they were stupid and lazy to begin with. (I am a network engineer for a non-profit organization and I smoke weed everyday now, and have smoked off and on for years.) I have a friend that I smoke regularly with, he started dipping tobacco a year or two before he started smoking weed, and when I asked him to compare what its like when he doesnt dip for a while, and doesnt smoke weed for the same amount of time, he said "It sucks *** when you cant dip, I feel like ****. When I cant smoke its like damn that sucks, oh well." No matter what, when you ingest heated plant matter it can be bad for your lungs, but considering there have been people who smoke weed everyday and still there has not been one case linking marijuana to death, I feel safer than I would if I smoked Cigs, or drank alcohol.	Additional Details Hell yeah Timmy! lol Steven - I know its unheard of, but perhaps people like us can educate others. There is a large difference in the intelligence of people that accept weed as mostly harmless, and people that think marijuana is a horrible drug, the funny thing is that most people think marijuana is a horrible drug, so most of the population lacks common sense, and ignores reason. -lssy Do you know why it was made illegal in the first place? For racists purposes in the 1930s, and the fact that it can compete with multiple industries with greater success, such as alcohol, tobacco, medicine or Industrial Hemp which comes from the marijuana plant and you cant get high from it and it make more and better paper, and is one of the strongest known fibbers on the planet. makes* Unless they had an underlying mental condition, to induce any form of psychosis you would need to smoke quite a bit to do that, so the casual smoker which is most people wouldnt notice any effect at all. To be honest, even someone who smokes everyday like me has an unbelievably low chance to become schizophrenic, actually there is not really any evidence to support that marijuana alone causes schizophrenia or any other medical condition.	
Why does alcoholism cause shaking				
Does hollywood golrify drug abuse,guns,alcohol,prostitutio?		Is that a part of some conspiracy?		
What are the risks of drinking alcohol at the young age of 14		What are the health risks? What damage can it do on your mentality?	Additional Details I want full details and facts supporting your answer please:) All of those answers were great but i chose the one with the most information. Thanks every one :)	
Can you suffer from alcohol withdrawal symptoms without being addicted		Since March of this year I have made some new friends who drink and party regularly. We drink pretty heavily at least once per month, and Ive noticed my hands have started shaking. Apparently this is a sign of withdrawal but I dont have a dependency for alcohol. Last night I had maybe 2 glasses of wine and now my hands are very shaky, so Im not sure if it depends on how much I drink. Im 18 years old (legal in my country) and am of Asian ethnicity if that has any relevance. Please dont lecture me on drinking, I just want an answer to my question.		
Is that it then Pills, drugs, and alcohol		. My best friend has Scoliosis, called me many, many times, saying, "I dont want to be an addict!" I tried my best to counsel her, somewhere in the realms of betwixt and between, "Can you live with such pain? How will it affect you, your daughter, and her family?" "And what about the quality of life you will have?" "I wish Id never been born with this!" "But you were, so now you are faced with its problems...pain. It wont go away, but keep getting worse. Im sorry." So, it was done so long ago. And this is why I write of pain, for now I am saddled with it too. Spine deterioration. Just two old bats, in the same tree, dealing with the major fact of their whole existence. If we had known of this in our youth would we have chosen a friendship that has lasted forty-six years? Is our friendship the ultimate pain killer? .		
How to help alcohol addict		My mother is alcohol addict, shes been drinking for about 8 years, she works fine but drinks every evening / every weekend non-stop, wake up buy some vodka drink sleep repeat... right now shes asking me to go and buy her beer cause she cant, she says she will stop drinking but just for tonight she needs that beer to fall a sleep... I know shes really addicted... what should i do ?		
Do you go to jail for stealing a bottle of alcohol at age 17		I stole a bottle and my two friends stole 2. The guy that was driving ran over the clerks foot. Will i be charged for that? or just the theft? What do you think will happen?		
I think I have a natural addiction to alcohol, liquor, etc.		I remember when I was 11, I was allowed to drink apple cider on New Years. It was my first time drinking something of the sort. And I wanted all of it. Whereas my sister thought it was too strong only had 2 tiny glasses. Next year, I had grape wine which was awesome. When I was 14 at a Christmas party the adults would put liquor inside their glasses of eggnog I switched the glasses and pretty much loved it. I dont usually drink at all, being that I am only 15 and there is only beer in the basement (locked) in our house and I hate beer (that was another incident when I was younger than even 11). But I think I have a natural addiction to that type of stuff even though neither of which are strong at all. Ive snuck an entire bottle of red wine and a sip of grey goose. Is that possible? Are drinking habits genetic or something? I dont want to be an addict.	Additional Details Is this normal?	
Am i going to be ok took coricidin and alcohol			i took 3 cough and cold hbr something pills that had only that dxm and antihistimines in it nd then i drank alot but now im scared	
PLEASE help me with my DMV Drug and Alcohol Exam. PLEASE.		10 Controls at railroad crossings include: Flashing green lights Sirens Crossing guards Crossing gates 11 True or False: You cannot be charged with DUI for driving under the influence of legal prescription medication. True False 12 If you see an emergency vehicle approaching either from the front or rear you should: Stop right where you are Let the vehicle pass then match their speed Pull over to the curb and stop Speed up and out run the emergency vehicle 13 True or False: The ability to process information and multi-task continues to diminish with every drink. True False 14 True or False: Impaired individuals believe their judgment is fine, or perhaps better than normal. True False 15 True or False: It is illegal to park in a location that you block or create a hazard for other vehicles. True False 16 Addictions may _______________ friends and family. Bring together Help Please Alienate 17 The first time you are caught in violation of the minimum drinking age law, you will be convicted of a second degree misdemeanor which can include up to _________ days in jail. 15 180 5 60 18 When driving in rain the road becomes the most slippery: After it has rained for 20 minutes Right after it starts to rain When the wind is blowing at least 25 mph Just after the rain quits 19 In Florida, refusal to submit to testing (second offense) results in ______________. A 6 month suspension A license revocation An 18 month suspension A 30 day suspension 20 The most dramatic effects of cocaine on driving are _____________. On higher anxiety levels On vision On irritability Possible seizures 21 Which of the following is the correct minimum coverage that you must have for Bodily Injury Liability for two or more persons? $5,000 $20,000 $15,000 $10,000 22 __________are one of the many seriously damaging effects of alcohol. Brain disorders Migraine headaches Weakened joints Chronic colds 23 If you see a curb painted blue it designates: A parking zone for the disabled An area where brief stops are allowed A loading zone A no parking area 24 Different beverages may be absorbed at slightly different rates because of __________. The time of day The drinks size The drinkers size The drinks chemical make-up 25 __________ are all signs that a driver may be impaired. Traveling in the wrong lane, running stop lights, and weaving from side to side Traveling in the wrong lane, speeding, and expired license plates Traveling in the wrong lane, making a left-hand turn, and failure to signal Traveling in the wrong lane, burnt taillights, and speeding 26 ________ is a common clue to law enforcement that a driver is impaired. Honking the horn Driving in a straight line Weaving Showing the right-of-way 27 True or False: Alcohol and drug abuse only affects intoxicated individuals. True False 28 The acronym BAL stands for: Blood Alcohol Level Body Alcohol Limit Blood Alcohol Limit Body Alcohol Level 29 Generally, children under __________ and about 1 year of age should ride in a safety seat secured to the back seat, facing the rear of the vehicle. 50 pounds 30 pounds 20 pounds 40 pounds 30 Driving a motor vehicle often requires __________ reaction time. Visual Complex Standard Simple 31 True or False: Caffeine and other energy boosters can be used to effectively compensate for fatigue. True False		
Should I buy my boyfriend cigs and alcohol when he has no money left		My boyfriend has a good job, but due to a large amount of debts he has hardly any money once the direct debits for loans have gone. He has enough for food, petrol, car insurance and a small amount for treats. Hes awful with his money. Once hes paid, hell buy a bottle of wine everyday and a pack of 20 cigs a day. Because of this, he doesnt have enough for anything around 2 weeks before payday. Because Ive been poor all my life (was unemployed and now surviving on my student loan) I have never drank alcohol or smoked cigs. I have survived on 30 a week for years and never been in debt. But for the last few months I have been buying him alcohol and his cigs until his payday. And finally today Ive cracked. I refused point blank to buy wither to which he became terribly distressed. Hes a lovely bloke but I fear that not only is he addicted to cigs, but judging by his distress at lack of alcohol, he is also addicted to that. I feel so bad right now as I can see hes suffering, but I just dnt have the money to feed his addictions, and Im also very against both so dnt see why I shud. Am I right to refuse? Or is it kinda cruel? How can I explain that Im not mean as he hates me now :(		
What are all the negative repercussions of drinking alcohol of any limit		EVERYTHING YOU CAN THINK OF!!! & I MEAN EVERYTHING! Ex: car crash, depression, etc. Whoever gives the most will get best answer		
What causes alcohol and drug addictions				
What do you guys think of alcohol legislation..		and legal age drinking? I am from Australia where you can drink at 18 years old but alcohol is very heavily taxed (somewhere over 2000%, the government usually adds taxes on alcohol and tobacco every year as the people that complain can be demonised). Australia still manages to hold a strong relationship with alcohol and it would be strange to go to anyones house for lunch/dinner and not have alcohol offered to you. I now live in Italy where the legal age is also 18 but alcohol is so cheap compared to Australia because there are little taxes. However, the culture here in Italy shuns excessive alcohol consumption and it is suprising to go to a lunch/dinner here and be offered an alcoholic beverage. My point is that I think it is a cultural problem that comes from the home where problems arise from alcohol abuse and no taxes or legislation can change this. Doesnt it seem odd to Americans that at 18 years old you can fight in wars, drive a car and probably own a gun but not have a beer?	Additional Details James: Thats fine, I think its great you dont drink alcohol.... congrats. But I placed the comment on the "Wine, beer and spirits" section of yahoo answers so I wasnt targeting you specifically.	
What is more harmful alcohol or weed		i think alcohol is more harmful cuz of drunk driving but its easier to know your limit of drinking. i also hate hangovers. i dont like weed as much as alcohol because it shows up in drug tests and makes me lazy and i get mentally addicted to it. i am aware you cant get physically addicted to weed like you can with cigarettes. what do you think? which is worse?		
Can I fight a "diagnosis" [Alcohol/drugs]		Ok so I went to a drug/alcohol evaluation. I answered various answers of previous drug use. The woman told me I have to do 6mo out-patient, cause I clearly have cannabis,alcohol and opiod problem. I have not done drugs in a year or drank alcohol Ive had realizations of this, I left my so called friends, and all of it behind. I do not have time or money to do go through this. I have my family and my own priorities to take care of. I abused drugs in the past to help me with social anxiety. Well I took it head on and have improved various social skills, I can now speak up and I feel as if this is being forced upon me. The Lady evaluating me wouldnt let me speak and disagreed with answers to her questions. Shed disagree and circled what she thought regardless what I said as if she was brain washing me. Well Ive learned well to read body language and I pointed some of those out when she said lies and she stared me in the eye and lied. Is this a sexist comment..."Just man up and go through with it" If i was female that wouldnt have applied to me. You know this is America and we have rights, I feel like I have a case. ?	Additional Details Ill take your advice and to that but Ill re post this question in the correct section, as I didnt realize it was posted here thanks a lot for replying that put a smile on my face knowing theres somebody out there that agrees with me.	
Is it possible to fight this "diagnosis" alcohol/drugs		Ok so I went to a drug/alcohol evaluation. I answered various answers of previous drug use. The woman told me I have to do 6mo out-patient, cause I clearly have cannabis,alcohol and opiod problem. I have not done drugs in a year or drank alcohol Ive had realizations of this, I left my so called friends, and all of it behind. I do not have time or money to do go through this. I have my family and my own priorities to take care of. I abused drugs in the past to help me with social anxiety. Well I took it head on and have improved various social skills, I can now speak up and I feel as if this is being forced upon me. The Lady evaluating me wouldnt let me speak and disagreed with answers to her questions. Shed disagree and circled what she thought regardless what I said as if she was brain washing me. Well Ive learned well to read body language and I pointed some of those out when she said lies and she stared me in the eye and lied. Is this a sexist comment..."Just man up and go through with it" If i was female that wouldnt have applied to me. You know this is America and we have rights, Im feeling pressured. Can I oppose doing out-patient? Thanks.	Additional Details I was honest with her too, seems honesty gets you into trouble no wonder we see less and less of the good values in people nowadays she also said " if you refuse to go through treatment and you happen to die in the next month should I have this in my conscience? I replied no, and I asked her the exact same thing about her and told her that I wouldnt care because its obvious take in reality people do not care if someone you do not know dies. (for the most part)	
Are some ex alcoholics sometimes just bad people Are they used to getting their way and being deceitful		This guy that led me on was an ex drinker. Ive read where people who dealt with ex alcoholics, say they just find something else to fill the void. The guy that led me on, flirted with me, always gawked and oogled me had a girlfriend who worked in the same building as us. Im in a different company then theirs. But it made me wonder did his drinking make him the way he is? He acts very immature for his age, very awkward. I heard from others hes arrogant and very full of himself. He didnt act that way around me, but it made me think he was putting on an act. I am not judging everyone with addiction problems. Ive read in all kinds of co dependent websites saying you should not walk, but run away from those with addiction problems, since all they are is trouble. I liked the guy since I thought he was honest, but then the way he was acting with me while having a girlfriend, well, that made me feel disgusted. I want nothing to do with him. I am just trying to see if this is part of being an addict. It proves to me he still has a lot of growing up to do		
Would the world be a better place without alcohol		Would the world be a better place without alcohol? What are the pros and cons of having no alcohol?		
How can i quit alcohol without a dr practical ways please		i think i am now an alcoholic.....i drink everyday, and i am drinking now! what should i do? i dont want advices that doesnt work...i asked this question like million times,,,,please .....what should i do?		
How do people get addicted drugs or alcohol				Additional Details This person I know he started to get weird after hes dad beaten him up real bad ...his dad is a "Trainned Martial Artist & Boxer" feeling lonely to getting paranoid he does lots of drugs now to feel better. It seems now everytime he talks he sounds depressed or something.
Why do Mormons abstain from alcohol, considering that Jesus turned water into wine		I understand that Mormons believe that they are commanded to abstain from alcohol. What is the Mormon view on Jesus first miracle of turning water into wine?		
I need help with a research project about pregnant woman alcohol abuse		I need a little help getting started. I will be doing a presentation in class as well as a report, and Im not sure how to start it or what the main question or thesis should be?		
Pregnant woman and alcohol abuse		hello! Im doing a research project on pregnant woman and alcohol abuse so i need help starting? Im not sure what or where to search		
I have an alcohol problem.		Whats an alcoholic? (: Im lazy to do Research . Im really young actually a teen. I just wanna know. To help myself. EVERYTHING about alcohol.	Additional Details Im not proud. Its actually very embarrassing for me.	
Is my sister an alcoholic She drank 3 bottles of wine in 2 hrs and its genetic		I am really worried about my sister. She drank 3 bottles of wine in 2 hours and it was the cheapest, nastiest wine on special offer - it smelt like wine vinegar. Since she got a job, I thought she was getting better since she got a job and seemed happier. But when we were on holiday, we were going to the pub and she wasnt drinking that much but then I found an empty gin bottle in the bedroom drawer before we left the hotel. She didnt want me to find it and denied that it was hers. Our uncle had a stroke and brain damage from decades of alcohol abuse and is in a wheelchair. I thought that I might become an alcoholic myself but have pledged to myself to drink less. Actually, I seem to get drunk easier now on less alcohol. I also behaved in ways I didnt like when I was drunk. Another thing - my sister is always drinking soft drinks from water bottles/cartons. I want to smell them but she wont let me but I bet I would smell alcohol. She drinks these any time of day, morning, midday and night. I also dont want to argue although I have expressed my concerns with her drinking. Another thing - our great-, great-, great- grandfather was a mean drunk who used to beat the hell out of his children, on Armistice Day, he drank whiskey as usual and fell down drunk. His children had a party over his dead body. So, you see how alcoholicism stretches back in my family. What should I do about my sister?	Additional Details Ive confronted her but she just denies it. Its like any addiction, they have to want to get better themselves. And the more you push them, the more they are just going to hide what they are doing... Ive confronted her but she just denies it. Its like any addiction, they have to want to get better themselves. And the more you push them, the more they are just going to hide what they are doing...	
Is Jupiter in Pisces an aspect indicating alcoholism/drug addiction				
Is alcohol a depressant		okay, I was at a party, i suffer from depression& anxiety. & i was pretty drink, i started bawling my eyes out& literally couldnt stop, i found it hard to breathe & i cried for a good 2 hours over nothing! i embarrassed myself infront of EVERYONE! :s What did the alcohol do to me? Why was i acting like that? Is alcohol a depressant ?		
Is this possible liver damage from alcohol abuse		For the past 4 or 5 weeks, I have been drinking heavily. This had been the first time I had been drinking but whenever I do drink, I always have 1-2 bottles of wine. Last night I had 1.5 bottles of red wine and today I had a glass with lunch. I had gotten drunk the previous night too, I often go through 4 or 5 bottles in a weekend. Today I had the following symptoms<SEMCOL> -High blood pressure 150/80 -Occasional weakness, some confusion -Blackened, dark stool (keep in mind I only have been drinking dark red wine) -Cloudy, foggy urine -Sharp pain/discomfort in my stomach. More under my ribs slightly to the left. Stomach cramping -Very pronounced heartbeat felt in my neck -Very warm inner feeling in torso Im just wondering are these early signs of problems within my liver, stomach, colon, pancreas, or intestines? Im not drinking tonight but I would like to, but I am not only because of the lingering pain in my torso. Does bad damage happen to your body that fast? I have only been binge drinking for a few weeks, maybe about a month or so. Thanks for the help!		
Politics: Would you vote for a Presidential candidate who abused alcohol and cocaine		http://www.huffingtonpost.com/john-seery? http://www.salon.com/1999/10/18/cocaine/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_W._B? http://www.nytimes.com/2000/07/29/us/how? Some trolls on here bash Obama for speaking to rappers, since they are supposedly all drug abusers. We had a certain Republican president a while back who had been actually addicted to booze and coke. Hypocrisy anyone?	Additional Details yes, Mr Barry G, i know that Pres. Obama used drugs. I was pointing out, as you know, your crowds hypocritical behavior by trying to link the Democratic Party to drugs while your crowd has no problem with it themselves.	
Why is it that people whose never done drugs or abuse alcohol have shorter lives than people who do		I lost a good friend to a massive heart attack. She never did drugs or abuse alcohol, took her medication every day on time exercised and ate right,yet her twin sister who uses drugs and alcohol has not even been sick. How is this possible?		
Am I addicted to alcohol		So I had my first beer about a month ago and it sucked haha. So as preparation for Las Vegas (haha), I let myself half a glass of wine if we have at home. Its about a glass of something every 10 days. I guess I have a good tolerance for alcohol since I downed two full glasses of red wine without feeling too bad (That was about a week and a half ago). Now yesterday I had some champagne and it was so good that I find myself this morning craving it... Am I addicted? The reason why I ask is because alcoholism runs strongly in my family.		
Should Indians not be allowed to consume alcohol		Indians have a long history of alcohol abuse so protect them from the harmful effects of alcohol should we make it illegal for them to consume it since they have shown they are not responsible enough to handle it		
Alcohol Withdrawal Symptoms		Since about 1999 Ive had an issue with alcoholism but it was only from around 2010 that it caused me serious problems<SEMCOL> loss of driving licence, my job and last year after a heavy drinking session I was rushed to hospital as I was having a massive panic attack when I woke up after a binge. In February this year I took the decision to stop drinking and with no real difficulty I stopped for four months and then started again. I got a job around this time and have managed to hold it down but today I didnt go in as last night I had the following: 4 pint cans of Fosters Lager 3 smaller cans of Stella Artois and then I drank a bottle of wine with 9.9 units - absolutely ridiculous. I have been drinking 4/5 cans a night for the past ten nights (didnt drink for a week before that) and then this consumption last night which was the first time Id had the wine. Is it possible I could have withdrawal symptoms if I now suddenly quit because over this past 10 days I have gone around 18/20 hours between each session. Thanks		
Is there a category or sub-category to discuss drug and alcohol recovery on Y!A		I am a recovering alcoholic and would love to discuss recovery on here. I would love to help other alcoholics and addicts and get help myself on these boards. But there doesnt seem to be such a spot. If not here where is a good internet board to discuss recovery and help each other?		
Good books about suicide, anorexia, self injury, or drug/alcohol abuse		My friend and I are looking for books on suicide, anorexia, self injury, or drug/alcohol abuse. If you want a little wider range, were looking for books on personality or mental disorders that can influence these things.		
DEBT AND ALCOHOL ADDICTION		So a close member of my family is in 30,000 debt, and as a result has been heavily drinking. Recently lost lots of weight and was rushed to hospital with liver damage due to chronic alcohol abuse... But since has returned and gone straight back to the drink. They have admitted they have a problem but it is stemmed from the debt... There is no way of paying this debt so it seems a vicious cycle. Ive said Ill help but how, I have no money either?!		
Recreational drug combination: Morphine, Xanax, Vicodin, Alcohol.		I am 18 years old and weigh 285 lbs. I decided to take 60mgs (2 30mg pills) of Morphine, 5mgs (5 1mg pills) of Xanax, and I crushed and snorted a 10 mg Vicodin pill. I also consumed about six or seven shouts of Jamesons Irish Whiskey. Last night I (Obviously) felt wonderful and fell asleep a few hours after the morphine took effect. My tolerance with Xanax used to be high but thst was around 8 or 9 months ago, same with Vicodin. Ive only had Morphine once at 15mgs before this and loved it. However, three days ago I took three Xanax and 6 300mg Neurontin (Gabapentin), and the day before yesterday I took about 7mgs of Xanax. Im more concerned about what I took last night-The Xanax, Vicodin, and Morphine. Am I going to be okay? I havent stopped throwing up this morning until now and I cant even hold water down. Any ideas? Please dont judge me, I know drugs are stupid and so on. Yes this is recreational. Thank you immensely to whomever may be of assistance		
Pros of alcohol and drug abuse		Im having a debate on alcohol and drug abuse for my sociology class and my half of the debate are the pros. I certainly know that the functionalists would say that drug and alcohol abuse is good because it provides jobs for AA employees and provides greater economic flow. Id actually like to know, are there any other pros besides the mentioned for the abuse of alcohol and drugs? Can the word "abuse" be used in a different context for alcohol and drugs? Please give me something to debate on the pros, thank you!	Additional Details Okay, let me clarify my point of the debate: I was assigned the half of the debate that is pro drug and alcohol abuse, I had no say. I didnt just ask for the pros of health, Im also asking for benefits it causes. Functionalists, Conflict theorists, anything really. It wasnt my choice to be the pro party. Im really interested in anything beneficial. Maybe using "abuse" in a different context, like "use" instead? Sorry if I didnt clarify enough.	
Why is arguing for legalizing marijuana because its safer than alcohol "not logical"		Why wouldnt you prefer people use a safer recreational drug, than one that actually kills people? Unlike alcohol: You cant overdose on marijuana. You cant get physically addicted to marijuana. You cant die from withdrawal symptoms (which are milder than those of caffeine). You cant black out, forgetting what happened last night. You cant get hungover from marijuana. You wont be more prone to aggressive behavior. People say that I should only argue for making alcohol illegal since its so dangerous, but isnt the natural extension of that argument to support legalizing safer alternatives?	Additional Details Im not talking about state laws, Im just saying in general why should it be illegal in the U.S. at all.	
Can you be addicted to beer without being a alcoholic		I can easily keep drinking beer all night and then someone bought me a drink that wasnt beer and I didnt touch it. I know this is a stupid question but I honestly can drink beer all night and not stop whereas wine or a spirit I am happy with one or two		
Can a Buddhist drink alcohol				
Cases of malpractice involving alcohol		Hi everyone. I am writing an issue paper for college that talks about the consequences of drugs and alcohol in the workplace. Can anyone think of any cases where drugs or alcohol was used in the medical field and consequences arose from it? Also, can you think of any instances where drugs or alcohol has been given to students by teachers? I can think of a few, but I would like to use more. Perhaps you know of times where this has occured in your communities. Any input is appreciated.		
What makes someone become an alcoholic		Could a girl who was abandoned by her mother as a baby and abused by her step-mother be likely to grow up as someone who abuses a substance like alcohol? If so, why is this? Thanks!		
My sister is a drug addict and alcoholic and has a son, what should I do			My sister is 24 years old, does drugs and has a major alcohol problem. She is constantly drinking heavy spirits throughout the day and is addicted to smoking weed, ie. bongs which she does in front of her child who is 2 years old. I have tried talking to her about the problem but she just gets drunk and laughs in my face. Her son needs a decent mother not a drug-addicted single mother. What can I do	
CAN SOMEBODY HELP ME ON MY DRUG&ALCOHOL TEST		It is estimated that a first time DUI costs roughly______ once all potential costs are factored in. a) $1,000 b) $2,000 Combining severe emotional pain with substance use or abuse would contribute to_______crash risk. a) increased b) decreased c) no c) $4,000 d) $8,000 Including the direct and indirect costs, alcohol related collisions cost society_______billion dollars annually. a) 86 b) 96 c) 106 d) 114 To prevent fatigue from affecting your driving, you should bring a_______. a) map b) hotel reservations c) a passenger to help drive. Defensive mechanisms such as_______sabotage decisions to quit. a) denial b) repression c) both d) neither When the driver is disturbed by emotions, this manifests itself by_______ risk taking behavior. a) decreased b) increased c) no Developing appropriate attitudes depends on making a personal commitment to change attitudes that are unsafe. a) true b) false		
Is there such thing as an alcoholic that just drinks beer and no other form of alcohol		Is there such thing as a beeraholic, a person that is actually addicted to beer/lager and cant go a single day without it but they dont drink any other form of alcohol such as wines and spirits just beer?		
I think Im an alcoholic.		I have been drinking since I was just turning 14 years of age, its what Ive ALWAYS relied on to get me through, even times when Im at work having a rough day, that is what constantly is on my mind.. I turn 18 in 4 weeks.. and to tell you the truth I am actually concerned that now that Im 18 Ill be drunk everyday.. my friends have bought it for me in the past, and previous boyfriends, all of them have stopped buying me alcohol due to the reasons they think its ruining me.. I want to know how it effects the body and how bad it is for you, I drank 4litres of chardonnay in 1 day on average, but Ive never gotten physically sick from not drinking, like Ive never gotten withdrawals but Im concerned for my health, plz help me		
What are the best all natural pills for alcoholism		I want something all natural, not at home remedies, but pills I can buy online.		
What are longterm effects of alcohol poisoning		So friday night- now five days ago...i ended up having a really bad bout of what i consider alcohol poisoning. I dont have any recollection of it and didnt go to the hospital, but according to my friends i had five "rounds" of throwing up...so Im assuming i puked at least 10 times. I woke up the next morning on the bathroom floor still drunk. After being mortified from the embarrassment, im trying to just put it behind me.... but my stomach seems to still be upset I can still eat, but I have that post stomach bug feeling where I want to eat- but once Ive eaten my body sort of wants to reject it is this a normal "effect" of the poisoning? even if its almost a week later? i also feel all around lethargic and sleepy. i have no energy		
17 caught with possession and consumption of alcohol at school what can I expect in court		North Carolina not arrested going to abuse behavior class. I will be 18 when I go to court but was 17 when citation was issued		
Rock & Pop: Can anyone find me an artical on Lemmy Kilmisters alcohol abuse				
Taking OxyContin plus alcohol		I have been taking OxyContin for 10 years, the same dose. The narcotic side effect of getting high stopped 7 years ago. About 6 years ago, I started drinking on the 4th as we started throwing block parties. On average I drank 3-4 times a year without adverse effects. Does long term responsible usage mitigate the risks of drinking?		
What does pop culture attempt to say about alcoholism				
Why are humans addicted to Alcohol		Anybody ever wonder that? Humans have been obsessed with booze since the beginning of civilization, why is that and why cant we stop?		
Am I an alcoholic/ addict do I need rehab		Please help me to better my future and make the right decision. All I want is to better my life and be drug free and happy without the crutch of drugs and alcohol. I am a 24 year old female from New york. I started doing drugs when I was 15. then went to outpatient and stopped. Switched to drinking at 18. It started off only about three nights a week... but this is how I am now. * I drink some form of alcohol every day * end up getting blacked out ( not always on purpose) an average of 3 times a week * have a very high tolerance. I blew a .40 last week at a bar * have lost jobs from my drinking * got arrested a few months ago * was told by two different males that I have hit them but would NEVER do that sober * drink to feel more fun and talkative around people * drink alone at times * drink at work ( which is a bar) sometimes * when i go to the bars which is about 4 nights a week I spend between $40 and $80 on avg. * cant sleep at night * binge drink to the point where I make decisions I never would sober * have recently started drinking more, and experimenting with other drugs occasionally. Here is the catch... I started AA this last week. I had an incident where I mentally broke down and talked suicidal thoughts while blacked out and jumped off of something high and hurt myself. I like AA so far. I havent had a sip to drink in seven days. the thing is that I have taken adderall all of those days. and also a few painkillers, need sleep medicine to sleep and drink coffee excessively. is it possible that I just have an issue with all substances? I will take any advice I can get. thank you if you have supportive advce		
What are some arguments people have for raising the age of buying and consuming alcohol to 21 years of age		Im just curious to know.		
My Dad Is An Alcoholic		Every single day my dad drinks. The only time he takes a break is when he get sick from it. On top of the he also smokes. He smokes at least 2 pacos a day. I fear for his health. He is 47. If he doesnt stop I dont see him living past 60. I am 21 and I dont want to lose him at a young age. I have no memories of him. The only meories I have is him drunk. Not much of memories. He is lucky my mother stays with him. She doesnt drink, but she stays with him. If I was her, Id dont think I would put up with it.He also gambles. He makes $700 a week after taxes. He thinks he is poor. I am thankful I didnt end up like him. I grew up, went to school, passed all my classes. I wasnt really smart. I mainly got Bs and Cs Sometimes I would get an A. The important thing is I went to school and passed. I am currently looking into trade schools for computers. I think my life would have been very different if I grew up without my mother. I am thankful that didnt happen.		
If a parent appears to be under the influence of alcohol is the school obligated to call cps				
How much alcohol is too much (One session)		I seem to have developed some kinda tolerance for alcohol. I am 24 years old and I have never abused alcohol for long periods. With me, more than the number of times I drink, the amount I drink has been a concern. On an average I drink about 3 to 4 times a month but the last couple months, my tolerance has gone up a lot. Previously, 180 ml of hard liquor used to be enough to satiate me. For the last year or so, my tolerance has more than doubled. I can drink half a liter of hard liquor and still not be happy drunk. I dont know if it means my body has adapted to it or if it means something is wrong with my liver. Apart from the tolerance, there are no other symptoms. I am very healthy, athletic and have no other health complaints. Is my liver okay? I categorized this question under medicine deliberately. I want a medical opinion not some amateur telling me that I shouldnt drink so much.	Additional Details I know that if I eat right before, during or soon after drinking, you just need to drink too much to get high. I am talking about drinking alcohol on a fairly empty stomach. I am a male, 150 pounds, on the smaller side but rather muscular. Like now, the last thing I ate was about 5 hours ago and I have consumed about 400 ml of vodka in a period of 2 hours and I am not as happy drunk as I would like to have been or I should have been for a normal person.	
Is non alcoholic beer bad for you 		Hi , I have been addicted to Bison since like a week O.O and I feel pain In my stomach when I drink It so I had to stop drinking It! I looked for something else , I tried non alcoholic beer because I dont drink beer , Is It bad/good for u ? Do u think Its a good Idea to drink beer daily instead of Bison ? I feel good drinking beer and could surely use that Instead of Bison ! Plus I heared beer make u gian weight which Is good for me .. =P		
What are the bad effects of alcohol consumption		hi folks... just wondering to know what are all the bad effects of drinking too much of alcohol ? has alcohol got atleast one good effect on human body? BQ : will it cause any adverse effects to us if we consume too much of it very often? if yes, what are those ? :( :(		
Should I end the relationship with my alcoholic/drug addict bf for good		My boyfriend and I have been together for over 3 years and he is my first real boyfriend and first guy I really, truly care about. However, throughout the whole relationship he has been battling his addiction with drugs and alcohol on and off. This year it was the worst its ever been and me and him have been more distant than ever before. We barely talk anymore and every time we do he seems to be on something. He never seems to take me seriously or care when I say how much this bothers me and how he needs to change for himself and us, because he is always too high or drunk to care!!!! I havent even seen him in a month because of this. I dont even feel like were in a relationship anymore. Since weve been so distant it has helped me to get over him a little bit, but the problem is that even if I can live with not being with him, I still care about him soooooooo much and I still dont want him to ruin his life so I dont know what to do or how to help anymore because I have tried motivating him and helping him as much as I can. He overdosed a couple of weeks ago and was in the ER and Im so afraid of something like that happening again. I just wish I could say were done and leave him alone, but Im also afraid for his life! What should I do?? This is stressing me out so much!		
What type of alcohol should I drink when needed		Ok, I realize most people clicked on this thinking im an alcholic lol. Im a college student, but its not hard for me to go without alchohol when Im not in school. But I cant sleep alot and its pretty much impossible to live this way as an engineering student. My mind wonders and I worry about my classes and am unable to sleep AT ALL at times. I dont drink alot a small glass of whiskey or 1-2 glasses of whine will do. Melatonin no longer works for me, I literally think my way past it, nyquil is just the same. The only thing that actually helps is a smallish drink. So which type would be best? Im really not much of a whine fan. But maybe its an acquired taste. For now a small drink is better than getting no sleep each night. So what should I go with? Btw I can tell its anxiety and a running mind that keeps me up. I dont want to get any anti-axiety meds btw.		
Uses and consumption of alcohol in the Soviet Union		Im working on an Independent Research Project at university (basically, Christmas homework the Russian History lecturer thinks Id be interested in), and I want to do it on the consumption and uses of alcohol in the Soviet Union from 1917 to 1991. Where can I get some information on this? The lecturer gave me some articles from JSTOR which dont really go into a lot of detail, and Google is turning up some dubious sites. Who should I look at for this topic? (Note: I want to include something about medicine and prohibition.) Thank you! AGB x		
Are there any gums/mints/foods that will mask the lingering smell/taste of alcohol		First off, Im 23, so Im not trying to hide anything from my parents. Second, I already had my license taken away so Im not trying to drive around drunk or anything (not again...). Ok, There are feelings developing between me and a recovered drug addict who doesnt even so much as have a tiny drink ever. I like him so much that it actually scares me to think about initiating a first kiss or cuddle or anything. So with that said, I want to rely on alcohol to relieve my nerves and anxiety and finally be able to make the first move. But I dont want him to taste it or smell it on me. Because I fear he will be turned off. Please dont preach at me ok, I just want to know some folk remedies out there or tell me what your favorite gum is or whatever you use to make the alcohol particles diffusing out your lungs not smell like youre boozed as hell. Also if any recovered/recovering heroin addicts want to tell me how they feel about this, please go ahead.		
Does alcohol abuse put you at risk for heart disease		And if so, how long would it take for problems to arise? Could someone whos been drinking heavily off and on for 6-8 years begin developing heart problems even if they were fairly young? And no, this isnt about me, its about a friend.		
Alcohol in coca cola 		I know that traces of alcohol are in coke but will that alcohol get addictive ? Will I get addicted to alcohol if I drink it. Cuz now and then after a few months I usually crave something but I dont know what it is. Sometimes in a week sometimes months away. Can the alcohol in coke be addictive ?	Additional Details One or two of you need to research that conclusion. On google. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-?	
Could my Moms liver already be failing from her alcohol abuse		My Mom has been an alcoholic for about 7-8 years now. It didnt turn extreme until maybe 4 years ago... Shes 50 and finally after her eyes began to turn yellow last year she quit cold turkey and her eyes returned back to normal. Her soberness lasted for a month or so. Then she started back up again, however her eyes didnt begin to turn yellow again until maybe 3 months ago. The skin on her scalp and all around her hair line is so terrible looking and her eyes are nothing like I have ever seen before. Finally about 2 weeks ago she told my brother and I that she had noticed the drastic change and once again quit cold turkey. She has since, as far as she tells us, has been sober. However, I think her color may be getting worse and worse. Since Im the only who sees her on a weekly basis I really cant have someone to judge other than myself. Could she already be in liver failure? If so what other symptoms would she be having? She is currently unemployed and living off of her retirement savings. So she doesnt have insurance to see a doctor. What is the most effective and cheapest way she can get checked out and helped?		
Is their a pattern in a persons psychology in later years if he/she witnessed parents abuse alcohol		When fully adult, what are some symptoms that children of alcohol abuse talk about? what kind of thinking do they have, and do they develop any kind of insecurities or disorders that have become obvious in their adult life? what are common things in the persons psychology?		
Leaving Las Vega realistic depiction of alcohol abuse		Is Leaving Las Vega with Nicholas Cage a realistic depiction of alcoholism or is it completely over the top and fabricated? I thought it was realistic but Im not expert on the matter. Couple of examples and why you think what you think.		
A question on alcohol		So, im a really paranoid person about everything. But i was wondering, ive been drinking almost everynight for 2 weeks, a few shots of vodka. Would that cause any damage to my body?		
How much worse is Hepatitis C when there is existing liver damage from alcoholism and drug abuse		A member of my family was diagnosed with Hep C. She has heavily abused drugs and alcohol for roughly thirty years (so I am assuming damage to her liver already exists to some degree). How much worse will this disease be for her? What are the chances that this disease will result in death in her case?		
Can consuming sugar become as intense of an addiction as alcoholism				
Would u rather be addicted to alcohol or to sugar lol				
Can ethyl alcohol make you drunk		Too lazy to google, too addicted to yahooanswers.lol		
How does drinking alcohol effect the following 		How does alcohol effect your ... Thinking distance Stoping distance And reaction time When driving please explain its for my science homework :) thank you !		
Drugs and alcohol Its a module for gym thanks for answering		So I need help on the answer, "how would an adolescent move from experimentation to addiction" lol its for a module		
Im an alcoholic. what can i do:(		i am 13 and i tried some alcohol at a party and now i cant get enough of it:/ its like my whole life. Please help me.		
How will the EU rules on competition work with the minimum price of alcohol			Under EU rules, businesses: may not fix prices or carve up markets amongst themselves may not abuse a dominant position in a particular market to squeeze out smaller competitors	Additional Details http://europa.eu/pol/comp/index_en.htm Where is the competition if they all charge the minimum price?
Is it okay to take alcohol with doxycycline		Ive been taking doxycycline for a little over a month. So far, Ive refrained completely from alcohol, but I am invited to an alcoholic party in about a week where I will be expected to drink. Is it okay to take alcohol with doxycycline? Should I take more pills beforehand so that the alcohol doesnt absorb it?		
Famous celebrity with drug and alcohol problems		For health and social care coursework Im researching substance abuse and writing about how it affects peoples physical, mental, social health etc. Im was looking for someone to use as a case study for example, someone like Amy Winehouse. I need someone that I can find a lot of information and pictures of. Thanks in advance :)		
What is alcohol abuse and how does it happen HELP		what are some of the struggles those with alcohol related problems face? how does alcohol abuse affect individuals families society health social and financial costs?		
Do alcohol withdrawals make you really tired				
How to write a conclusion on alcohol abuse		i wrote a report on alcohol abuse and im stuck on the conclusion help ?		
Americans: What % of our country would u say is an alcoholic/addict				
Alcohol related death/disease cases!!		Seriosuly can not find any cases/stories relating to diseases/deaths from alcohol abuse. Please help and send a link. Much appreciated.	Additional Details Okay, I must have said something wrong up there ^^^ I meant like a sad story on someone dying due to drinking too much.. Eg. Samantha just died from liver failure due to excessive alcohol consumption.	
Experienced users, when does the disastrous effects of alcohol and cigarettes start		Am currently 28 and have been abusing alcohol and to a certain extend tobacco in addition to some acid xtc and prescription drugs. I wish i hadnt done it but too late for that now. Currently if i have like 5-6 beers a day, i cant recall certain stuff the next day. I noticed this because previously i had excellent memory. Anyway, do you folks know anything about this? Thank You for your time!		
If you compare men who drink alcohol more than once a month...		...with women who drink alcohol more than once a month, which sex is more likely to turn into "problem drinkers" who cant get their personal lives together because of alcohol?		
Alcohol use to be the first drug people would try, when did it change to marijuana		Marijuana is become more popularly abused. But, if you ask anyone from 20 years ago, the first drug they ever tried was alcohol. If you ask the teens from this generation a majority of them have tried marijuana first. When did this change?		
Why do Americans (especially college students) abuse alcohol so much		Im in college right now, and my two roommates and the girls in my section abuse alcohol like no other. I see them puke every weekend (Idk if they force it out or their body forces it out) from drinking too much. A girl got alcohol poisoning. I dont understand why they cant drink it in moderation! That is absolutely disgusting seeing them puke and go crazy. What is so difficult about drinking in moderation? Its better for your body and soul that way.		
I have a question drugs and alcohol, and their side effects.		So, it is currently the end of semester, and extremely stressful. I have a couple of painkillers left over from my wisdom teeth operation. They are oxycodone/acet. And I took one to relieve the stress, and help me focus on my work. An hour or so later, my roomate gave me a beer. I had a couple of sips, then remembered that I had taken oxycodone. So I stopped drinking it. Had I had the entire beer, what could have happened to me? I want to make it known that I am not addicted, I dont know where to get that stuff, and dont want to get any more. When I do take it, it gives me a huge feeling of guilt, so rest assured that I will get no more, and there arent really any left. I dont enjoy the feeling, but it just helps me concentrate. But what could have happened to me? And is there a possibility of having anything bad happen to me now that I had 2 or 3 sips. No more than 3.		
Stomach pain after alcohol		I drank one small cup of alcohol and this is probably the 5th time I drink this. However, this is the second time this happens to me, when I drink, for about 30 minutes my stomach hurts like hell!! Then I either puke or get diarrhea and everything goes back to normal. I never had an alcohol abuse problem and its not my liver, Im positive. I dont have any health problem (that Im aware of) that might cause this... What could this problem be? Yes I could stop drinking but it would be pretty stupid if its something I can cure! Please help	Additional Details No, Im not Asian. Thank you for all the helpful answers!!	
My alcoholic dad is bullying me :(		My dad has been drinking for approx 5 years but it has gotten steadily worse and he has been drinking a LOT for the last 2 years (about 200+ units a week) I am on my own with him as my mum passed away 10 months ago, I have no siblings and virtually no other family. I am nearly 20 btw. Im currently on my 2nd gap year (for various reasons) but I have places at good unis for next year. Since my mum died, my dad has done nothing but wallow in self-pity and drink. The reason he is depressed is purely selfish reasons- as in thanks to my mum getting ill he didnt get his nice, cosy retirement.... He does nothing in the house, he basically treats me like a slave- I even have to make his bed for him! He shows no gratitude for what I do whatsoever and instead criticises me at every opportunity. If I cook him dinner, he shouts at me complaining I didnt tell him I was cooking or that I didnt give him a choice of meals! If I dont cook him dinner he shouts at me too for not offering him any even though most of the time hes drunk so much alcohol he has no appetite and wastes it anyway.... He is really controlling and tries to be in charge  of every aspect of my life and he is making my life a living hell. He lies about drinking, gets aggressive and blames his alcohol problem on me even though it didnt have anything to do with me at the start and now hes just addicted. He tells everyone that if I was nicer to him, he wouldnt be drinking and he phones up the only relatives I do have (namely my grandad, who means a lot to me) and bitches about me so they all have the wrong impression of me too. Hes brilliant at pretending to be nice to people he only meets every so often and they are fooled into thinking hes nice :( He acts like an immature child- every time we have an argument he just retreats to bed to drink and if I dont make him a cup of tea, for example, he sulks.... Yet despite all this, he has all the power because he owns the house and has most of the money. I cant afford to move out and have no one I can live with. What can I do, my life is becoming intolerable because he is so mean and threatening :(		
I need someone to interview about alcoholic. Please help!		I have a final assignment that is interview someone that is presently abusing drugs/alcohol or has in the past abused drugs/alcohol. Questions : "how they got started, which should include at what age they began and what were the specific circumstances, how often and long did they use each drug? " " what was the cost of their habit in terms financially and personal hardship, what was their drug of choice and why was it their drug of choice? " "what impact did/does it have on their life and if applicable how did they stop using in detail? " anything else about their experience. " what their advice would be to someone who is beginning to use, misuse or abuse drugs?"		
Will my live-in nurses nightmarish descent into alcohol and drug abuse make my life more interesting				
What is outpatient for teen alcohol and drug abuse do you get drug tested		I had to go there for underage drinking and I passed a piss test. The lady said ill either not have to come any more or get outpatient and idk what that means. I want to know if I can smoke		
How can I get my alcohol addicted mother to stop drinking		I just noticed my mother had a horrible drinking problem about three years ago when I was 12, but no one else believed me because she was so successful with her job. She drinks constantly when she is home on the weekends, but lives in a different state to go to work. I cant keep an eye on her 24/7 because I live on the other side of the country for the most work days. Shes not the mean drunk, but she denies being drunk and tries to pick me up from places (Ex: My friend Karsons house a few weeks ago, it was dark.) I also was just told that she smokes when she drinks. Which she knows I cannot stand, I have been trying to get her to stop for three years. I threw out all the alcohol in our house so when she comes home in two weeks, Ill probably be killed. My dad FILLY noticed she had a problem just yesterday, and she has no regard for me when Im home alone and I see someone in the backyard with a flashlight. (Yes this happened.) And I called her because I was terrified it could be a robber, and according to my dad she pretty much slowed down drinking so she didnt have to leave the party. Even while I was at home hiding in the closet because of the man in our backyard. I dont know what to do and I really need help. I want my real mother back.		
Can drinking alcohol kill you or will you pass out first		Heres the deal: When I was about to be the leader of a group of new university students I followed this mandatory seminar, organized by the university. The speaker worked at a institute which treats addicts (especially alcoholics). She said that you will pass out before you will consume too much alcoholic drinks and that most students died during hazing because fellow students kept pouring in alcohol after the person past out. I just wondered whether it was true since I couldnt find any conformation.And I wondered: is it really true that people keep pouring in alcohol after somebody passed out?		
Is there anywhere in Philadelphia I can seek free counseling for alcohol abuse besides AA		Im going to the AA classes but im in desperate need of therapy!		
Why do people think theres a difference betweed tobacco, alcohol and other drugs		I mean studies have shown that alcohol and tobacco are the most dangerous of drugs and have the addiction potential beyond that of cocaine, heroin and meth. Alcohol is as much of a drug as any, and marijuana is far safer than the two and isnt typically addictive. Other drugs like MDMA and LSD arent either and are portrayed as these terrible things that will ruin your life. People say they will remain "alcohol, tobacco, and drug free" when alcohol and tobacco are of the worst and most harmful drugs out there. There really isnt a difference		
Compared to excessive alcohol use, how many people died from overuse of marijuana			Additional Details @Jeff D - I Think your stats are wrong. Alcohol Mortality Number of alcoholic liver disease deaths: 15,183 Number of alcohol-induced deaths, excluding accidents and homicides: 24,518 Source: Deaths: Final Data for 2009, table 12 http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/alcohol.?	
How many years of heaving drinking does it constitute long term alcohol abuse				
What causes cirrohsis other than alcohol		can hepatitis C cause cirrohsis without the introduction of alcohol abuse?		
Does drugs and alcohol affect a males sperm		so im 18 years old, and i had unprotected sex. before any judging starts, i should tell you that it was at a party and somebody had influenced me to drink more than i should have and i dont remember much from the night. all i remember is that this guy tried to have sex with me, and he was drunk, and also high. if i was sober, i would have never done it and i regret it more than anything.. so now im scared that i may be pregnant because im pretty sure he never used a condom... i also have to say that it happened on my last day of my period, so idk if that raises my chances of getting pregnant or not.. i dont think he came inside of me, but im not positive, and i just dont know what to do now. :( i just need some advice, and i was wondering if the alcohol or drugs could affect his sperm at all..		
Why can some poor people afford to buy cigarettes and alcohol		I dont understand it. How is it they get the money for their smoke or drink fix but they dont have the money to buy enough food or proper clothes? And I say some because I know not ALL poor people smoke or drink, but some do. I asked a similar question to this, but no one answered, which irritated me.		
Does drinking 2 beers a day make you an alcoholic				
Question about alcohol		How does the alcohol licensing policy impact Alcohol abuse Inappropriate behavior Illegal use of alcohol ?		
How can I quit my alcohol and energy drink addiction		As I was quitting alcohol, I developed a BAD addiction to energy drinks. I feel like crap in mornings can cant function without one. And NO, coffee does NOT help. I need 2-3 strong energy drinks to function. I relapsed back into drinking alcohol. Now I got both an alcohol AND an energy drink addiction to deal with. I like to mix the two, feels like Im wired on coke. I absolutely LOVE it. And no, my E-drink addiction is NOT just a caffeine addiction because I can have coffee and STILL crave an energy drink. And after 2-3 energy drinks throughout the day, I crash hard in the evening, have 1-2 more energy drinks, and a couple of beers to round off the day. My substance abuse problem is slowly killing me. I have headaches and Im only 21. What do I do? And how can I get more money to support my habit? I got about $2000, it will only last me 3-4 months at most. I have a tendency towards addiction, what do I do? If you pound 2-4 energy drinks in under 20 minutes you get a very happy feeling in the head. I absolutely LOVE it and cant live without it. And mixing them with alcohol is simply indescribable pleasure, my heart goes up to 150 and I feel super-excited... like I felt before a major vacation when I was a child. I cant live without that feeling.	Additional Details I cant I love them way too much.	
Can Alcohol abuse cause symtoms of OCD and Anxiety		Im recovering from Delerium tremons how ever you spell it and i mean they where severe i didnt treat it either anyway its been 4 months now and im almost back to normal but anyway theres some things that are still lerking around like Anxiety and Signs of OCD witch ive never had before.. like today i was cooking something on the gas and i turned it off but i had too look 3 more times just incase..		
Can Alcohol abuse cause OCD		And if it does will it go away? its been 4 months of hell and im slowly getting better but theres things like symtoms of OCD!		
Can a 20 year old drink alcohol and smoke			Im not the one drinking but my brother is. I was on facebook and i decided to go on my older brothers page to see what he was doing because we dont talk at all and we dont like each other. What i saw was really weird! Hes in some rap group now and talking and posting pics about drinking and smoking! This is really weird because he was never like this 4 months ago when he still lived with us (my parents and younger brother). I logged into my moms account because her password is the same to everything and he has blocked her from seeing those posts he made. She doesnt go on anyway but my dad does and he blocked those posts too. He made a post yesterday and said "got so ****** drunk last nite. Vodka is the ****" how can you go to a club and drink if you cant drink until youre 21? Im really confused. He posted a pic with these ghetto looking ppl holding up a hand sign but it wasnt gangs signs or anything, it was just 2 3s because this rap group hes in is called 33. He moved 4 months ago because he wanted to move out soon. Hes in college for some technology degree or something. Hes always been 2 faced around the family. He would act all nice and smart because he finished school at 16 and is praised by our family and ppl we meet. But once hes around his friends he acts really ghetto and dumb. Hes now hanging with our cousin who got out of jail 1 year ago for stabbing someone and almost killing them! Should i keep my mouth shut and one day just read a post from his page to my mom acting all surprised? Or should i wait until he gets into trouble?	
Evaluate the effects of Alcohol!		For a science project, I have to evaluate evidence of some harmful effects of alcohol abuse (in which i have done), but I also have to get someone elses point of view. So please could you write a paragraph (or however long), evaluating evidence of some harmful effects of alcohol abuse in the short and long term (including your view)? Please help, need it a.s.a.p! Thanks xo.		
How much alcohol do you have to drink to get addicted			To avoid withdrawal symptoms, I dont drink but was wondering. If I drink once in a while could i avoid withdrawals?	
What arguments do people have who are pro-alcohol or pro-drug use		Why do people abuse drugs? What makes it okay in their minds? What arguments do people have to support binge drinking? Controlled recreational alcohol use? Im doing a research paper about the line between use & abuse and my standing on whether either should be supported. Thank you.		
How would a drug/alcohol addict act		Im having a drug and alcohol addict in my story, and Im not 100% sure on how they act, speak, etc. Could you please help? Thanks! Oh, and what would they look like? Bloodshot eyes etc? Thanks so much!		
Is it normal to become an alcoholic when faced with a tonne of pointless boring coursework		After putting my damn soul into coursework i get a shitty 50 percent. I never had any coursework for A level and i did pretty good. Now the coursework is destroying me. I have no time left to study either. Im sick and tired of it. I put so much effort into a bit of design coursework and i thought it was good then i get a crap 53 yet people who didnt put much effort in are beating me and i dont get it. Anyway i am becoming a little addicted to alcohol i think. I drink a bottle of cider each night :( is this normal for people doing coursework <SEMCOL>)?		
How long can the symtoms of Alcohol Abuse last		Im 21 and for the past year ive been in my room drinking all alone and i mean really heavey drinking everyday anyway all was ok for a few months but then something started happening i started getting further and further away from my family and friends drinking all alone.. it was slowly damaging my mind. Anyway another month went by and i felt like i couldnt do anything whats so ever but i carried on drinking and my dad told me to go sign on to get some money so one day i went too the job centre. Anyway while i was there i sat down to talk to one of the people about signing on and it was ok at first i was talking to her eye to eye contact... but then my neck started shaking like really bad and i was super shocked at what just happend and all my body started shaking whitch later on i found out it was delirium tremons from the alcohol abuse... So then i came home and then said to my self im never drinking again full stop! but later that night my dad came home with 10 cans of stella i was like WHAT! and i couldnt resist i had to have them.. BIG MISTAKE.. while i was drinking them i felt a wierd feeling like my brain was frying and it was that bad i didnt even get drunk of them.. but just dizzyness and confusion.. anyway I woke up the next day and at first i was fine just a little hang over but no i felt thoughts running through my head i knew something was about to happen.. I ran to the shower to take my mind of it but no it didnt i had the Surge that was so bad it felt as if my brain was going to explode.. i ran out side and i felt the need to run away nobody could see me in this state.. i started feeling abit better but i was far from better. all i can describe it as is living hell i couldnt get out of bed for MONTHS! that how bad it was i felt as if i was mentally crazy everything i did gave me a headache and i had the wierdest thoughts ever!! and i was scared of pretty much everything! So its been 4 months later now and im much better i can talk to my family proper now but i still get confused and some what angry when confused like if someone bothers me as in talking when i dont want to talk i tend to just look away and just not say anything. i might be going through mental confusion i dont know.		
Alcohol Abuse (Help me)		Im 21 and for the past year ive been in my room drinking all alone and i mean really heavey drinking everyday anyway all was ok for a few months but then something started happening i started getting further and further away from my family and friends drinking all alone.. it was slowly damaging my mind. Anyway another month went by and i felt like i couldnt do anything whats so ever but i carried on drinking and my dad told me to go sign on to get some money so one day i went too the job centre. Anyway while i was there i sat down to talk to one of the people about signing on and it was ok at first i was talking to her eye to eye contact... but then my neck started shaking like really bad and i was super shocked at what just happend and all my body started shaking whitch later on i found out it was delirium tremons from the alcohol abuse... So then i came home and then said to my self im never drinking again full stop! but later that night my dad came home with 10 cans of stella i was like WHAT! and i couldnt resist i had to have them.. BIG MISTAKE.. while i was drinking them i felt a wierd feeling like my brain was frying and it was that bad i didnt even get drunk of them.. but just dizzyness and confusion.. anyway I woke up the next day and at first i was fine just a little hang over but no i felt thoughts running through my head i knew something was about to happen.. I ran to the shower to take my mind of it but no it didnt i had the Surge that was so bad it felt as if my brain was going to explode.. i ran out side and i felt the need to run away nobody could see me in this state.. i started feeling abit better but i was far from better. all i can describe it as is living hell i couldnt get out of bed for MONTHS! that how bad it was i felt as if i was mentally crazy everything i did gave me a headache and i had the wierdest thoughts ever!! and i was scared of pretty much everything! So its been 4 months later now and im much better i can talk to my family proper now but i still get confused and some what angry when confused like if someone bothers me as in talking when i dont want to talk i tend to just look away and just not say anything. I might be suffering mental confusion also		
Norco and alcohol mixed		I took 2 norcos, a vicodin, and drank some vodka. All within about a 3 hour period. It was 7 hours ago when I did it but I was wondering if Im in any danger?		
Alcohol & tobacco withdrawls		I recently quit drinking and smoking after i abused its off and on since i was 16 i wasnt obsessive like everyday but maybe everyweekend or everyother weekend ,sometimes id go months without but then start again , well im 24 and im quitting it all , and i happen to come across symptons im having that i didnt know what cause them such as anxiety,depression,mood swings, and more but i been taking venlafaxine 75mg for 4 days now and it seems to have an affect ! But should i continue taking this or let my doctor know whats happening cause until today i didnt know what was wrong with me , and after all venlafaxine is for anxiety,ocd, depression , and also pts. Thanks yahoo community !:)		
What diseases can you get from drinking alcohol too much			Being addicted to alcohol what diseases could you get? At school Im taking this drug abuse class and our topic next week is "What diseases can you get from drinking alcohol too much?"	
Does alcohol forgive me for being sober				
Songs about alcohol abuse Parents		My mum has been an alcoholic since I was 6 and im trying to find a song about alcohol abuse?		
Songs about getting over drug and alcohol abuse		A police officer asked me if I could sing at an assembly filled with people who have gone through recovery for alcohol and drug abuse. I need to sing a song that relates to them, Help??		
How long does a person whos dependent on alcohol live for		hey guys so i have this friend whos completely dependent on alcohol. He mainly gets fifths of liquor, usually r&r, cause he likes whiskey, and drinks it everday. For every day he has to have atleast a new fifth of whiskey and hell drink most of it in a day. Sometimes hell save some for the mornin for when he has to have it and if he doesnt have a drink for more than a day he goes thru severe withdrawals where he will actually start throwing up. And I always wonder what kind of affect this has on the human body. From somebody like him whos an alcoholic and drinks it everyday AND on top of that smokes a pack of cigarettes everyday. generally speaking, how long would somebody last for if they did not get help? How much abuse can your liver take until it just gives out and you become ill or sick and cant drink anymore and possibly die?		
What mental illnesss can alcohol abuse cause		I honestly think i have a wierd mental illness that i got 4 months ago after drinking to much.. im in pain but i cant feel the pain i want to get out of my mind.. i do have anxiety from alcohol abuse but this is different i feel as if i cant escape from my brain its horrid i honestly cant describe it. Like if i talk to my family face to face i feel really on edge and need to get away quick before my head starts shaking..		
What to do when your parent is a alcoholic		My mom has been a alcoholic for a couple years and it has got so bad, she yells, swears, hits, I dont know what to do. The other day she was drinking and freaked out on me so I ran out of the house for 5 hours at night and I know that wasnt a good idea because I worried good friends and a good dad but I couldnt handle it. She left that night to a hotel room alone for 2 nights. We finally found what hotel and she was so bad she is now in the hospital for 3 days and blood alcohol level is at 80%. Im trying to understand that she must be hurting inside and needs help. But its SO hard.... Im only 15 and want a mom to talk to but I dont even have one I can ask for advice.... Things like this have Been going on for a long time. Im so angry, people keep saying " forgive and forget," Ive done that for 2 years and now I just havE resentment. I dont want her coming hOme. Life is just better without her. Any advice on how I can handle this? Change my attitude, anything??		
I know this is lame but am I an alcoholic		I drink every day and when I dont I get anxiety,irritable and kinda emotional. I dont want to be dramatic out try to label myself but this is part if how I felt when I was addicted to cigarettes..		
Women What if I told u marijuana and alcohol is better than u		how would u feel about that i feel much better when im high an u ladies just dont deliver this kinda high an u are inferior to it how u feel about that u worse than a drug how u feel about that?		
How do you help a alcohol and painkiller addicted loved one		My spouse lies, steals, pawns, and hides everything from me and if I find out about it, he leaves and goes to his kids or brothers house so he can drink & pop as many pills as he wants. Im the only one who is NOT an enabler to him and Im the only one he wants to be away from. But he comes back when hes sober.		
Your thoughts on Alcohol Abuse		I have to write a ten-page essay on alcohol abuse, and how it does not only affect your health, but it also causes the person under the influence to lose control of emotions and physical acts against family, friends and acquaintances. What are your thoughts on the subject? Any help is greatly appreciated!		
How much alcohol is ok for people with small liver problem 				
Im 13 and i have a drinking problem. i drink large amounts of alcohol and get drunk regularly. please help		Please help. I need to stop before it starts affecting my brain		
I need help with alcohol questions please !		1. After drinking and becoming drunk, coffee can make you more alert and improves your coordination. True False 2. Gender, emotion, mental status, and amount of time throughout consumption are a few factors that can change the effects each time alcohol is consumed by an individual. True False 3. Drinking alcohol can effect the heart, liver, stomach, and brain. True False 4. Very few teens are concerned with the issue of drinking and driving. True False 5. The average BAC among fatally injured drinking drivers is .16. True False 6. Mandatory license revocation is effective against drunk driving. True False 7. Law enforcement officials are unable to reduce the numbers of drunk drivers by marking the license plate to indicate ownership in the family of someone whose drivers license is suspended or revoked for alcohol offenses. True False 8. Driving is a right all people have, just like drinking is a right, thus drinking drivers should not be punished if they do not hurt anyone. True False 9. Out of the following drinks, the highest alcohol content belongs to: Beer Coolers Spirits Wine 10. One measure that can be used to reduce drinking and driving is: making drunk drivers speak publicly to high school students making drunk drivers sign a contract stating they will never drink again restricting night time driving by young people none of the above 11. FAS is: a condition a woman develops when she drinks alcohol while pregnant a set of physical and mental birth defects that result when a mother drinks alcohol during her pregnancy an unavoidable disorder linked to genetics none of the above 12. When helping a pregnant woman with a drinking addiction you should not: expect instant success be a cheerleader for her encourage her to talk with her health care provider talk on the phone with others for support 13. Which amount of alcohol is safe for a pregnant woman to drink? a small amount as long as the mother does not binge drink No amount of alcohol is safe. an occasional glass of wine It is safe after the third month of pregnancy. 14. What passes the ingested alcohol from the mother to the baby? amniotic fluid uterus ovaries placenta 15. All of the following are symptoms of alcoholism except for: craving physical dependence tolerance (you have to drink more and more to get "buzzed.") self-control 16. A chronic liver disease caused by excessive alcohol consumption is known as: Cardiac sympathy Cirrhosis Pancreatitis Parkinsons 17. Alcohol is a: stimulant depressant hallucinogenic 18. Which of the following is not a common side effect of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders (FASD)? facial deformity motor skill deficiencies language difficulties increased memory 19. Moderate to Excessive Binge Drinking can cause: health benefits for the heart, including reducing chance of heart attack Cardiac Arrhythmia (abnormal rhythms) and sudden cardiac death reduction in blood pressure and/or chance of stroke 20. If you are the driver of a vehicle, there is no safe level of alcohol consumption. True False 21. Alcohol abuse and dependence can cause anger between your family/friends and you cause you to feel isolated from people closest to you both of the answers above 22. The best way to avoid a dangerous situation involving drunk driving is to: Avoid alcohol and drugs altogether because you dont need them anyway. Do what your friends tell you to do. Drink just a little or limit your drug intake. 23. According to research what would be the single most effective deterrent for drinking and driving? Automatic license revocation Inability to post bail if arrested Jail sentence 24. What is the leading cause of death among teenagers aged 15 through 19? drug overdose suicide alcohol-Impaired driving HIV 25. ___________ are more likely to become alcoholics. children adults woman children of alcoholic parents		
Are ALL homeless people drug - and / or alcohol - addicted				
Why is alcohol legal, but marijuana isnt			We all know the side effects of alcohol and marijuana, and for those who are unsure of the effects it is VERY different.These two drugs are both known as depressants (in some cases) when consuming large amounts of alcohol, it causes impaired vision, dizziness, vomiting, ect., but marijuana is different. The very opposite actually. Marijuana calms your nerves, you grow hungry and sleepy, so Im trying to figure out why...why is ALCOHOL legal when it only leads to DUIs, death, ect. & so forth, but weed is illegal?! Why?! Its so backwards.	
Clonidine and alcohol mixing			Would it be fun mixinf 0.2 mg clonidine and alcohol? What would you feel? Dont tell me im dumb or stupid and blah blah blah cuz i already know that <SEMCOL>)	
Statistics about drugs, alcohol, and tobacco		i have an assignment for health class where i have to find 10 statistics each for drugs, alcohol, and tobacco. im not asking for someone to find me all 30 stats<SEMCOL> just a few interesting/surprising ones for each. thanks :))		
How can I live with an alcoholic parent		Hi, my name is Alyssa. I used to go to a public school, but I just recently joined an online school called "Forest Trail Academy". I stopped going to public school because I didnt want to deal with all the questions and concerns of classmates/friends/teachers. My parents have been divorced for about a year now. My mother is currently taking online college courses, so that she can be a teacher. My mother lives 4 blocks away from my Dad, and I switch houses every weekend. Recently my Dad has been under the influence of a lot of alcohol. Whenever he gets drunk, he yells at me and calls me abusive names. He also blames me for the divorce. Sometimes he will get so angry that he hits me. There was this one time where he actually got so pissed off, and he smacked me across the face because I took the alcohol away from him and dumped it down the drain. He grabbed my upper arms and shook me violently, screaming at me to get the hell out of his face. I cried. I cried a lot actually, but it was never in front of him. I waited until I was up in my bedroom to start crying. I havent spoke to my mother about the issues I have been having. I really wish that my mother had full custody of me because I dont want to be around my Dad. I just wish my life was different. My Dad has been drinking so much, that it is hard to even talk to him sometimes. When he is sober he is all nice and sweet, and then the next minute he just turns into a completely different person. I dont know what to do anymore. I am scared of what is going to happen. I am only sixteen and cant really do much about my Dads problems. What should I do? Thanks.		
Should alcohol be banned like the assault rifles it kills more innocent people than guns in USA.			alcohol does body more harm than good. teenager alcohol abuse does their body permanent damage drunk drivers kill themselves and innocent bystanders more than gun violence in America. Shall alcohol be banned just like assault rifles?	
The setting in of alcoholism		If someone has been drinking since they were like say, 18, how long does it usually take for them to become a full blown alcoholic with temper fits and hitting?	Additional Details I am not the alcoholic, nor do I think the person is an alcoholic, but he is now 53, has been drinking since like I said, I think 18, but not heavily, constantly, all day. Although, I have to say, he likes his beer. He usually has at least one beer every night or most nights. When hes at the bar, hell drink like 3 or 4 but very slowly. He doesnt throw temper tantrums and start hitting people, or start screaming at people. He never showed any signs of being heavily dependent on beer. However, I have one more question. If you act like an alcoholic for many years and then about 10 years later onwards, hes acting normal and how I described above with no change in drinking behavior as far as I can see, is that possible? Can it be controlled by the drinker if he has some motive to do so? (To answer the last answer): I dont know, I dont think so.	
My Dad is an alcoholic and i need help		I am still in high school right now, but after some experiences with my father and his abusiveness, I feel much more mature and have a lot more ambition in my life. I promised myself that I wouldnt drink and do drugs after this whole experience because I am not putting my family through nonsense that could be avoided, especially when my parents divorce was plenty nonsense enough. I am working hard in school so that I can get into college and get a job to support my future family and me. I dont feel as if I have to, but I want to because my mother deserves more than everything in this world after this experience. My father was a recovering addict, but he was one of the nicest men you could have ever known. He had a rough exterior, but he would give you anything, and he was hilarious. Then he made a new friend at his job and thats when everything went downhill. His new found friend was a drug abuser and he drank a lot. My father was clean for over seven years, but recovering for him was a lifelong process. My Dad started to drink, and he would come home when he was sober enough and act like nothing had even happened. Then he started to take steroids. For my birthday we went to Canada, where he got many other drugs. After Canada, it was a downward spiral. He was drinking in the house and screaming at my mother, coming into my room crying at 2 a.m., and talking about killing himself. One night, he went out and ended up in jail for having four different types of drugs in his car and being drunk at the same time. We went to go and pick him up, and then had a serious discussion with him in the car. He agreed to clean up. Then his family wanted to force and intervention on him. The day of the intervention, one of his family members allowed him to smoke in her car, and when they got into the intervention everything went insane. He almost hit my mother, and we had to leave our house because my own father put us in harms way. After that, they planned on getting a divorce, and he would harass my mother and call her horrible names. In the beginning, I used to talk to him, but then he started to get worse with my mom and me, saying how he wished I wasnt alive and such. I decided that I would never want to talk to him again because your never supposed to talk to somebody like that. When my parents finally divorced, my mother moved into an apartment 4 blocks away from my Dads house, and I switched off every week. At one point, my Dad was invited to get drunk off his butt at a beach with some of his friends from work. But I knew he was planning to pass out on the beach and come home the next morning. Eventually I found out that my Dad stole alcohol for his little get together at a liquor store and he got to the secluded beach, got pissed and had his fun. As the night went on, my Dad eventually got so drunk that he only had vague memories of what was going to happen next. My Dad came home at one point and when I started to yell at him about how worried I was he threw me up against a wall and told me how ugly of a ***** I was and that I should just stop talking because I had no idea what I was talking about. Sometime I just feel like my Dad makes up excuses just so he doesnt have to spend time with me and so he can just go out and drink. He is always saying mean and vicious things to me. He comments on my life, calling me lazy and immature. He judges me for not working, like he does, and he knows how to say just the right thing to make me break down and feel like I am useless. I want to move in with my mother completely but I havent talked to her about any of the issues I have been having ever since she has moved into her own place. What should I do? I feel hopeless right now, and I am scared!		
I may be an alcoholic		I never drank as a teenager.Until graduation I was goinjg through the ceremonies and got really stressed out when i realised. "I need a drink" so I decided to have my first drink for grad. I was in love with alcohol at first sip and since then I havent gone more than three months without binge drinking at least once a month for a few days. Like I said I never did it to rebel or anything it just took hold of me.this was seven years ago, ive wasted my existence drinking for the last seven years and now I have no accomplishments or job or anything to brag about at my ten year grad reunion what do I do?		
How to move on from alcoholic girlfriend		Ive been with this girl for 7 weeks now and have known her for over 12 years. Weve always been interested in each other but shes had drinking problems for the past 6 years. She went to rehab and was 3 months sober when we started going out but she has recently relapsed and i just dont know how to cope. I wont go see her when shes drinking so she finds fellow alcoholics to make what shes doing seem more normal. Its like going out with this 2 different people. One is the perfect girl and the other is a nasty liar who i cannot trust. I feel the only reasonable choice i have is to walk away but it is so hard.		
Will MEPS test me for alcohol		I am going to MEPS for a console on Thursday. I have to talk to a doctor about alcohol abuse. I am not an alcoholic, but I wanna drink alittle during the pats game tomorrow. Will I be fine?		
If someones self medicating with alcohol, do they have a drinking problem			I think my mom has a drinking problem. Ive tried to help her many times but it has always been unsuccessful. Shes in complete denial. Ive been in Al-Anon for a month and have learned that I have to take care of myself and she will get help when she is ready. She gets mad very easily, her appearance and personality has really gone down hill, she has changed a lot. She drinks every night and when were not home and it gets to around the time she starts drinking when we are home, she will rush to get home to drink. We went shopping today and on our way back home she said, "you know, you are right, I do self medicate by drinking my cheap wine every night. Thats what happens when their is so much shyt in life and your past is messed up". My parents separated a few years ago, thats when she started drinking a lot. She is also dating a ex heroin addict, they just dont hang out as much because he went to jail for giving her a black eye. She has lost many friends and will talk about some of her friends I have no clue who they are, strangers to me. Does she have a problem if she is self medicating with alcohol? Is she a alcoholic?	
If banning all guns will stop shootings then why not ban all drugs and alcohol to stop drug abuse and DUIs		Some peoples mentality will not let them see that all of these if used properly do no harm.	Additional Details Just for you Emma<SEMCOL> Since NBC sportscaster Bob Costas gave us an anti-gun lecture two weeks ago during Sunday Night Football, weve heard a lot from progressives like Juan Williams, Bob Beckel and anti-gun advocacy groups about how countries in Europe with strict gun control laws dont have problems with gun crime. Weve also heard the reason the United States has a "gun crime problem" is because we allow citizens to own handguns however, the numbers on violent crime committed using a gun tell a different story. New data out from the UK, where guns are banned, shows gun crime has soared by 35 percent. The Governments latest crime figures were condemned as "truly terrible" by the Tories today as it emerged that gun crime in England and Wales soared by 35% last year. Criminals used handguns in 46% more offences, Home Office statistics revealed. Firearms were used in 9,974 recorded crimes in the 12 months to last April, up from 7,362. and for the christian democrat remember there will be Christians in hell as the word christian means Christ Like not Satan free Mike research it is already idiot Oh ignorant Archie you mean a junkie that is dope sick will not rob shoot or kill to get his next fix and the dealer will not sell to elementary school kids just to move his quota before his next drop shipment Archie I work with addicts and it is a well known fact that a 6th grader cannot buy cigarettes because they need a photo ID and 6 bucks but they can buy a stamp bag of heroin for $5.00 and they do do not swim in the river of denial	
Why do we never require random blood testing for drug or alcohol abuse for our so called elected officials.		Not a urine test as a visine bottle of someones clean urine can be held under the armpit or other body cavity and cheat the test.	Additional Details OK Bruno so we know it and that makes it ok for them but a crime for others more double standard of lords and peasants I agree Yogi but why does my 16 year old need to take one before getting hired at a local store. Yep PMT gag at a gnat or wording and swallow a camel or injustice just keep your head in the sand or where ever you stuck it	
Why is beer or any type of alcohol demanded		why do u think people demand alcohol? what are the reasons? if anyone can explain in relation to economics (as in determinants of alcohol), would be better! thanks		
Why is alcohol legal but drugs are illegal		Alcohol not only has a damaging effect on the individuals health but it also creates other problems like drink driving accidents, alcohol fueled violence e.g domestic abuse and so on. I dont see any logic to banning drugs while keeping alcohol legal. Im talking about anything from cannabis to cocaine. Alcohol is at least as damaging to society, perhaps more so, than the worst type of drug.		
Is my parent an alcoholic			I think my mom has a drinking problem. Ive tried to help her many times but it has always been unsuccessful. Shes in complete denial. Ive been in Al-Anon for a month and have learned that I have to take care of myself and she will get help when she is ready. She gets mad very easily, her appearance and personality has really gone down hill, she has changed a lot. I have a 15 year old brother who has started going down hill as well. this scares me because when I was his age, she used to help me get drugs and bought me alcohol. I ended up on cocaine until I got a internship when I was 17 and going away to college next month. My brother will be out until 2 am on the weekends and she does act on it. She told me yesterday that shes not going to be responsible for him fn up and to let my dad take him on the weekends because she needs a break. She he drinks every night and when were not home and it gets to around the time she starts drinking when we are home, she will rush to get home to drink. She hides her wine under neath our sink. She will also ask me for a couple hundred dollars. We went shopping today and on our way back home she said, "you know, you are right, I do self medicate by drinking my cheap wine every night. Thats what happens when their is so much shyt in life and your past is messed up". My parents separated a few years ago, thats when she started drinking a lot. She is also dating a ex heroin addict, they just dont hang out as much because he went to jail for giving her a black eye. She has lost many friends and will talk about some of her friends I have no clue who they are, strangers to me. Does she have a problem if she is self medicating with alcohol? Is she a alcoholic?	
What are my chances of getting addicted to alcohol if...		If I drink around 200ml of alcohol every month? I just drink once or twice in a month and that too in very less quantity. Is there a possibility of me becoming an alcoholic?		
Does this sound like alcohol abuse	 Mch		I have this friend that I am worried about, she drinks all the time, and she claims it is to make herself happier - she suffered from depression awhile ago, and attempted to take her own life last year. She said she no longer feels like that anymore, but still feels sad at times and drinking alcohol makes her happy apparently. Also she stays awake until like 6/7am every night saying she cant sleep, and on nights she needs to get to sleep early on shell drink excessive amounts of alcohol so that shell just "pass out" - she never experiences headaches/hangovers so it doesnt matter to her how much she drinks, she never feels the after effects. Shes been taken to hospital twice for excessive drinking, once for getting in a fight whilst drunk, the other for drinking so much she went unconscious and the paramedics said that she was on the edge of a coma. She had a GCS of 6 or something, and they said that when they found her they were sure she would die. We were at a party awhile ago and she had the highest tolerance, which is strange, because shes the smallest - shes 53 and weighs like under 90lbs (she suffered from anorexia awhile ago also) and everyone was shocked that she drank the most, but was also the most sober. Shes of the legal age to drink, so she can drink whenever she wants. Shes not some stupid teenager at random high school parties, does this sound like shes abusing alcohol? addicted to alcohol? can I help her? is she an alcoholic?	
Taking a muscle relaxer while having some alcoholic drinks		Doc gave me some muscle relaxers for my back spasms Ive been having the last few days from shoveling endless feet of snow from my parking lot of a driveway and on the bottle it says that alcohol enhances the effects of the muscle relaxer. Obviously theres always a chance of something going back, but Im addicted to mixed eggnog drinks this time of the year and my back is at it again so Im wanting to take 1 muscle relaxer. Should I just drink in moderation knowing that the alcohol supercharges the relaxant or is it extremely dangerous to take 1 muscle relaxer and have a few drinks?	Additional Details muscle relaxer is only 10mg btw	
Question about the fed agency "Alcohol, tobacco, fire arms."		How did they get fire arms as part of their enforcement?		
Concerned about my liver - alcohol usage - Ive had a real severe couple o months		Like in the past months Ive had phases of severe binge drinking and not remembering stuff, blacking out, passing out etc. Ive also done the whole alcoholic try to function normally thing, yknow, like , drinking a bit each day to keep me sane. To give you a rough idea, I live in a hostel. Most people in these places have vices. Mine are mainly food & alcohol. Sounds so minor when you say it like that, but I know I have it to a big, bad extent for the times before a couple months ago where I would land myself in hospital regularly for drinking. Ive just tried to lessen the binge drinking is all with the vodka.. but taking into account the past week for example.. ive gone through 2 bottles of smirnoff lime (vodka) and about a crate and a half of fosters, and a few random drinks in pubs. admittedly, the random drinks are a lesser-occuring thing - that was an "oh, its xmas, lets get out for a drink (in the pub)" kinda thing .. but the others are severe i mean, for xmas my dad got me my first ever contract phone (im 20, btw).. my drinking on the vodka got me to lose it within 2 days of having it. i was gutted, he was. weve sorted out a replacement sim and a phone in its place, but. you see what i do and still go on to drink again.. but its okay. my resolution for new years is to make 5 goals and to stick to them. after this weeks drinking & eating, i am choosing to definitely reduce alcohol intake, and work on diet as two of the goals.. but what im worried about right now though is the state of my liver.. will it be okay if i stop drinking?		
Is the Navy banning alcohol		I heard something about it on the news but i was in the other room so i didnt catch nothing but the tail end of it. it was talking something about the Navy shutting off alcohol. I want to join the Navy when i get older but alcohol is the only release you have in the military you cant do anything else. Are they really cutting off alcohol?	Additional Details mgan why the hell you going through my messages dont worry about if im getting drunk or not its not your concern.	
Spock, so do you think poor alcoholics should get free treatment		As you say, its a drug addicts responsibility to cure himself with his own finances. So, do you think the government should pull funding for AA? No? Alcohol is a drug? No? Its not? As far as I am concerned it is.	Additional Details A drug is a damn drug. So i drug addicts responsibility, as you note, to cure his own damn self, no matter his financial circumstances. He screwed himself up right?	
Why isnt there a medicine to make the liver just accept alcohol without detoxifying it		Someone wants to be drunk all day. Why not drink just one glass of whisky and be drunk for six hours? Why isnt there a drug that makes the liver just pass the alcohol directly to the brain. Alcohol is different than most of the other chemicals that get in the liver so it would be extremely easy to make a drug that prevents the liver of trying to stop it. Why not? Because alcoholics should die if they continue to be alcoholics. Right? Just sayin...		
What is implied when, looking to adopt, you know that the child may have Fetal Alcohol Syndrome		What are the physical stigmas? How to be sure? What would be the daily symptoms? How to help the healing process, if possible? Can you share your own story?		
Please read: Am i an alcoholic		I quit doing methadone three weeks ago. Now I just drink ... but its all I think about. Ive been drinking a fifth of 42 proof vodka a day sometimes two a day for three months now. I know ... such a lightweight *laughs* but Ive been having serious withdrawals as early ad waking up. I get shaky, irritable, anxious, sweaty, and have a hard time thinking clearly. All I think about is having anotherbottle. But as soon as I do get my drink it all goes away. I cant tell if its methadone or alcohol withdrawal. But does this all sound like alcohol dependance or am I still having methadone withdrawal. I took 10-15mg daily for about a year and a half. Even if I am an alcoholic isnt that better than being a junkie?		
Why exactly does alcohol increase your blood pressure		I study biology and chemistry and have a project about alcohol abuse. Everything I find says alcohol increases blood pressure but then doesnt tell me anything about the chemistry behind it. I dont think its so simple as that there is less room for different things so you blood pressure goes up. If you could show in your source a scientific article it would be even better.		
Alcoholics detox question advise		Im 22 and 6and have been drinking for a year, for 6 of those months I was binge drinking 3/4 of a bottle of vodka mixed drinks. I started having bad anxiety and some panic attacks at times, and quickly realized that it cured my anxiety steadily drinking.. So I slowed down to drinking slow on Olde English everyday over the span of a day (quickly getting addicted). So now I have 1mg Xanax prescription.. I am doing a home detox right now (15 hours in). No shaking yet. But show I just keep taking the Xanax and eating good foods? Or should I get a medical detox? Just any advise would be healthful. P.s. Im broke and no health insurance :/		
Is weed safer than alcohol		I got drunk the other day and I felt really sick and dizzy after that. So that made me think that weed is better. But will weed be bad for my body??? Well I know it is bad. But it is better than alcohol. Right??? And I have heard that you wont get a hangover from weed. Is that true?? Please answer these questions!!! 1. Im 15. Will weed be better than alcohol for me??? 2. How much should I pay for weed?? 3. What kind of paper is best to make a joint of?? 4. Should I mix some tobacco with the weed to make it last longer?? 5. Do you smoke weed?? If you do. Tell me what its like to get high. Please answers as many of these questions you can. Best answer will get 10 points.		
Have many fundamentalist christians suffered abuse as children by pastors, parents, or fetal alcohol syndrome				
Im going to the doctor for social anxiety disorder, should I tell him of my alcohol abuse		Im only 20.. But Im afraid of getting out of the house and drink whenever put in a social situation, I dont let people see me drink because I feel like it would make them think Im drunk and stupid, but I dont even feel drunk when I drink, I just feel a little more comfortable around people... But Im only 20 should I mention anything about this? And could my normal doctor help with this or would I have to see a sociologist ?		
In you opinion, is this a alcoholic or drug addict			I have a mom who drinks a lot. She denies she has a problem but I think she does. A few years ago my parents separated and she went down hill. She started dating a guy who is a ex heroin addict and has been to jail a few times for giving my mom a black eye when they were both drunk. She doesnt drink all day, everyday though. She usually starts around 6 but Im not sure exactly how much she will drink but all I know is until she goes to sleep. She can probably go a day or two with out anything but she has told me she self medicates with alcohol because "thats what happens when you through enough shyt in life". She drinks a lone often and will go out with her friends (I have no clue who they are, never met them before). Her appearance has really changed, very skinny and her face is puffy and very wrinkly. Im just being honest! You can see her bones clearly. She has a skeletal look and her hair looks greasy. I asked my dad if she ever looked like this and he said never. She is 57 130 pounds. She eats very little (not saying she doesnt eat). Her attitude has defiantly changed. She used to be so nice, very supportive, caring, and had a lot of dignity. Now she has periods where she is very irritable, angry, and depressed. She has a hard time waking up in the morning, easily irritated and tells me she has the "shakes". She does have periods where she is happy too. Sometimes its like being on a roller coaster. Im 19 and going away to school in a few weeks to start living a new life and get away from all of this since I get blamed for what she does. I have a 15 year old sister but I dont think she sees anything wrong, as I believe shes going down hill too. Does my mom seem to be a alcoholic? Is it possible that shes on drugs? She takes Xanax for her anxiety and sometimes offers them to me.	
How do I deal with alcoholics and drug addicts in college		First of all, I never discriminate either alcoholics or drug addicts. Im currently living in the freshman floor of the student apartment. One of my roommate smokes in the living area everyday, and fortunately he only brings 2-3 people smoke with him. Another one always brings 7-10 people to hold his crazy alcoholics party after 1 a.m. Ive been compromising them for six months. I got really annoyed when they did drugs and alcohols, but I believe that they have some rational reasons and they have the rights to do what they want to do. So, is there a better way to make me happy when i got annoyed? And is it possible to persuade them to quit drinking or smoking? Btw, is it common for Americans to hold party during midnight? Im an international student, and I felt confused because they didnt feel shame when they were disturbing others life. Is this kind of cultural difference? Im not being sarcastic, and Im really confused about what theyve done.		
Why do Muslims dislike alcohol and say its not good for you				
Why im I craving for alcohol 		Today I had 2 glasses of champagne and i want more, am I addicted?		
Why dont i want to stop dinrking alcohol Im not addicted im just trying to kill pain		Im 18 years old, and I do have to have a mental health assessment for "Borderline Personality Disorder" and I suffer really b ad depression (it hasnt been diagnosed) but i feel so weak most of the time... I drink to take the pain away and I just dontwantto stop.. my family dont realize the alcohol problem because they think i just go out with them and have a few drinks..wehn deep down I just dont want to stop.. im not an alcoholic or anything like that.. its the fact i want to take the pain away? Why is that? is that alcohol abuse?? something to kill depression? thank you	Additional Details i also sem to take pain killers or energy tablets to kill pain too its not jus alcohol	
What makes a person an alcoholic			I always thought an alcoholic was somebody who is physically addicted to alcohol, but some people are saying that its not about how much, or how often you drink, but about why you drink. Can somebody clarify on what an alcoholic really is?	
I need help on the drugs and alcohol test		1. Your sex (gender) has no impact on your BAC level. A. True B. False 2. If a drug user stops taking a drug and the body fails to function normally because it has adjusted to compensate for the presence of the drug that user is experiencing __________ A. dependence. B. withdrawal. C. tolerance. 3. Your driving skills are impaired at a B.A.C. level of __________ A. 0.03. B. 0.08. C. 0.10. 4. Driving when you are stressed out could be as dangerous as getting behind the wheel while under the influence of alcohol or other drugs. A. True B. False 5. If someone is killed or injured in crash, a blood sample can be taken from you against your will. A. True B. False 6. Each year over ______ people die in car crashes. A. 15,000 B. 27,000 C. 37,000 7. Alcohol is a stimulant. A. TRUE B. FALSE 8. Drug or alcohol abuse begins when the user __________ A. avoids taking drugs or using alcohol regularly. B. makes the conscious decision to use drugs or alcohol. C. none of the above 9. The number of young people who drink and the way they drink results in harm to self and others including: ___________ A. problems in school. B. potential deleterious effects on the developing brain. C. both A & B 10. 458. There is the same amount of alcohol in a glass of wine, can of beer and a shot of liquor. A. TRUE B. FALSE 11. The shape of a sign indicates what type of sign it is. A. TRUE B. FALSE 12. You can become an unsafe driver at BAC levels of ______ A. 0.03. B. 0.08. C. 0.10. 13. If two cars get to a 4-way stop intersection at the same time, which car should be yielded the right-of-way? A. Car on the right. B. Car on the left. C. Car making a turn. 14. More than 30% of drivers between the ages of 15 and 20 who were killed in a motor vehicle crashes had been drinking. A. TRUE B. FALSE 15. A pool of standing water could be hiding __________ A. flash flood currents that could sweep your car away. B. deep sinkholes. C. all of the above. 16. Which of the following statements define withdrawal? A. When a user stops taking drugs and the body fails to function normally because it has compensated for the drug. B. When a user abuses drugs. C. When a user stops taking one drug and starts taking another drug. 17. A DUI/OWI conviction stays on your record for __________ A. 10 years. B. 25 years. C. 75 years. 18. Motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for ___________-year-olds A. 15- to 20 B. 20- to 30 C. 25- to 35 19. You may lose your drivers license __________ A. when you turn 70 years old. B. if you accumulate too many points on your driving record. C. if you stop driving for more than 5 years. 20. If one of your tires blows out, you should apply your brakes immediately. A. TRUE B. FALSE 21. The Zero Tolerance Law Means: A. Police officers can stop you and check your insurance car whenever they like. B. The law will not tolerate speed races on major freeways. C. It is illegal for minors to operate a vehicle after even one drink. 22. Two parallel white lines indicate __________ A. a crosswalk. B. the time limit for a parking space. C. a non-crossable point in the road. 23. Alcohols effect on motor performance can lead to ___________ A. loss of balance. B. loss of coordination. C. Both A and B 24. Refusing to submit to a sobriety test is your right by law. A. TRUE B. FALSE 25. The Basic Speed Law means you should __________ A. obey the speed limit. B. slow down if you do not know the speed limit. C. do not go faster than it is safe for conditions. 26. It is a good idea when you are driving on wet pavement to change lanes quickly. A. TRUE B. FALSE 27. Stimulants can cause ___________ and physical collapse. A. excess hair growth on the face and neck B. extreme hallucinations C. an irregular heartbeat 28. There are more deaths and disabilities each year in the U.S. from ___________than from any other cause. A. motor vehicle collisions B. substance abuse C. heart attacks 29. Your total stopping distance includes ___________ A. the distance traveled in feet before your foot hits the brake. B. the total distance required to bring your car to a full stop. C. Both A and B		
Panic Attack , Alcohol , Drug Use , Please Help		Hi name is Jamie , im 23 and have smoked pot and cigarettes everyday since i was 10. on average i drink about 2 -3 times a week usually beer sometimes liquor. My predicament started about 7 days ago my friend came over and we drank about a 5th to a gallon between three people for 4 days straight i know stupid right. The fifth day is where i got so drunk i did heroine ( first time ever , only a little bump , and it made me feel like death NEVER AGAIN). later that night i stupidly did a line of cocaine (which i only use rarely ). The next day i woke up drove everyone home and went to the store. When i got home I felt really bad and starte3d puking, so i went outside on the porch. I sat down and my arms and legs went tingly and numb , heart racing, shortness of breath , headache , etc . Had fiance call ER cause i thought i was dying. Doctor said it was a Panic attack. I never had one before in my life and im not stressed out i dont understand it. After that traumatizing event i havent done any drugs smoked pot or cigs or drank and i plan to keep it that way. That was two days ago and yet i still have horrible appetite (puke when i can eat), head rushes , nausea , whole body muscle pain , fatigue, stomach pain. I really just wanna know if im ok and when i will fell normal , any help is greatly appreciated thanks	Additional Details forgot to add sometimes get pain/tingling in leg havent eat barely anything in past 3 days.. Thanks so much again. hey i figured it takes a few days , just wanna be able to eat and relax yea the drugs were a stupid idea and im very committed to quitting , just wish the er would have gave me a few pills to help. im not worried about getting addicted more concerned with feeling better and it not happening again. thanks and ill credit you for answer asap any other answers would be appreciated the more insight and reassurance the better thanks.	
Why is marijuana treated so much differently than tobacco or alcohol	Catherine		People cite the damage that marijuana does to the lungs, that it kills brain cells, that it breeds addiction, and that it makes people lazy. But what about the damaging effects of tobacco and alcohol? Dont people get addicted to alcohol? And cant alcohol also turn people violent, reckless, and also irresponsible? And alcohol is detrimental to brain cells, and to your liver as well. And cigarettes are pretty much the same story, even though the addiction aspect isnt as strong, its very damaging to your lungs. So why is marijuana treated so much differently??	Additional Details @posyaque: yea, you could say that Ive seen one before...and Ive also seen people who drink, and people who smoke cigarettes. They all look like people consuming substances to me.
PLEASE HELP WITH ALCOHOL AND DRUG AWARENESS QUESTIONS! 10 POINTS REWARDED, THANKS!		1. The most widely used illegal substance in the country is: (Points : 2) tobacco. alcohol. marijuana. heroin. 2. People who use hallucinogens often experience: (Points : 2) impairment of judgment and reasoning. enhanced judgment and reasoning. increase in bodily control. increased concentration. 3. The definition of addiction is: (Points : 2) the complete and continual dependence on a drug. being able to use drugs moderately. not using drugs at all. using drugs one time. 4. Which of the following diseases has marijuana been effective in treating the symptoms? (Points : 2) Glaucoma Sickle cell anemia The common cold Influenza 5. __________ is a legal prescription narcotic. (Points : 2) Crack LSD Heroin Demerol 6. One side effect of steroid use by men is: (Points : 2) hair growth. dry skin. breast tissue development. euphoria. 7. One medical use of narcotics is: (Points : 2) vision improvement. pain control. addiction treatment. muscle development. 8. Stimulants can: (Points : 2) slow down the brains reactions. are not addicting. excite the central nervous system. can cause ulcers. 9. THC is associated with: (Points : 2) hallucinogens. cocaine. crack. marijuana. 10. The immediate effect of depressants is to: (Points : 2) slow down the functioning of the central nervous system. stimulate the development of hormones. interfere with sleep. cause depression.		
Help with Drug, Alcohol, and Tobacco Awareness 10 points	American Beauty 		1. Smokeless tobacco has the same risks as cigarettes except: (Points : 2) heart disease. dental and gum problems. lung disease. throat and mouth cancer. 2. If you are a smoker, tobacco odor can cling to your: (Points : 2) clothes. hair. breath. all of the above 3. A chemical found in tobacco deposited in the mouth, throat, and lungs and is a known carcinogen is: (Points : 2) adrenalin tar. carbon monoxide. dopamine. 4. Someone trying to quit smoking may experience: (Points : 2) irritability and depression. calmness and no appetite. relief and desire to sleep a lot. sore throat and frequent urination. 5. The following are good strategies for avoiding alcohol and drugs except: (Points : 2) be assertive. negotiate. experiment. avoid illegal activities. 6. When offered alcohol, drugs, or tobacco, you should: (Points : 2) call your parents right away. stand by your peers and do as they do. stand by your values and make healthy decisions. let your best friend decide for you. 7. Which of the following is a resource for making healthy decisions regarding alcohol, tobacco and drugs? (Points : 2) Parent or other trusted adult Advertisements on cable Convenience store clerk An acquaintance at a party 8. Smokers often report that their sense of __________ is reduced. (Points : 2) smell and taste sight and hearing well being energy 9. Tobacco acts as a stimulant by releasing __________ into the system. (Points : 2) carbon monoxide adrenalin dopamine serotonin 10. The following are good resources for making healthy decisions about drugs except: (Points : 2) the Internet. a trusted friend. your track coach. an addicted friend.	Additional Details @Cruiser you can go to Hell, because Ive already got the answers from Madeline and shes getting the 10 points. You might as well have saved yourself some time and energy by not answering this at all.
Are teachers regularly screened for drug and alcohol abuses		and if the teachers union has rejected these standards, why would the public be promoting armed teachers in schools with the children?		
Can Nerves Regenerate from Alcohol Nerve Damage		Hello, Looking for a little help, hopefully from someone that has gone through it, or someone that is knowledgeable. I am 23, and a couple days ago I got tingling sensations in my feet/hands and sharp stabbing pains all over my body, I also had MINOR numbness in my leg. I have always drank ALOT of alcohol, and have poor diet. When I went to my doctor, they said I have damaged my nerves because of alcohol abuse! Its been 3 days and my symptoms already feel A LOT better...tingles diminishing, the sharp stabbing pains have decreased, and the numbness is getting better. My questions- Can nerves regenerate if I get a correct Diet/Stop alcohol use? How long will it take for my nerves to regenerate assuming I am smart and avoid toxins. When all symptoms go away, does that mean my nerves have regenerated? When they do regenerate can I go out with my friends for drinks again? Not get hammered...But at least have a good time, especially while maintaining a good diet? I really appreciate any serious and educated responses. Thanks, and Happy Holidays!		
Is drinking every single day a sign of alcoholism		Every other day hed be drunk...		
Question on alcoholism		So Ive pretty much been educated to death about alcohol, my mother is a recovered alcoholic (she drank for about thirty years), her mother and uncle were alcoholics, my dads mother and father were alcoholics (while my dad isnt an alcoholic, hes addicted to smoking.), and I have several cousins who are alcoholics. As you can see I have extensive history of alcoholism, but does that mean Im guaranteed to be an alcoholic if I ever drink or get drunk? Being 15, I dont drink (except for a sip of champagne my dad gave me on New Years), but does that mean when Im legal age I cant ever drink?		
How many teen deaths are caused by drugs and alcohol		Im doing an explanatory essay and I need the average TEEN deaths per day OR year caused by drug and alcohol abuse. Thats okay its not teen deaths, but teen deaths ate more appreciated. Thank you!		
How do people get addicted to alcohol		So I had some alcohol for the first time and I must say, its so terrible. It was going to be a one time thing, and I never want to taste that crap again. So if we have any heavy drinkers, how do you enjoy it? I simply cant handle and it tastes like crap. I know its a dumb question but Im just curious on someones perceptions.		
What should I do I think my dads an alcoholic		My dad has always liked his alcohol and hes gotten really close to being an alcoholic but my mom has told him to slow down and kind of stoped him. But now Im not sure hes been drunk every night for the last week or so maybe more I dont know. He drinks in front of us but he never really got drunk but now its like at 9:00 hes drunk and I know he keeps drinking till 11:00 or so. Hes not a mean drunk but I dont like being around drunk people when Im sober. My brother (hes 18) hates it when my dad gets drunk and will go to bed at 9:00 (not sure if he gets the hint or not). My moms been telling me about how hes been hung over pretty much everyday for the last week and hes a pain in the mornings ( I dont usually see my dad in the mornings because of school). Im not sure what I should really do or if my dads an alcoholic I know work has been stressful the last few weeks and thats why hes been drinking but I dont know if hes going to stop/slow down when things go back to normal. Im not sure what I should do, should I tell my mom that I dont like it when my dads drunk or if I should tell my dad that or should I just keep quite until things go back to normal? Any advice will help. Im 17 by the way		
Why is marijuana the gateway drug instead of alcohol		Why is marijuana the "gateway" drug, when in fact the gate way drug to marijuana is drinking alcohol, so which is really more dangerous? Also, in this day and age, why do some people still have views of marijuana that are from the 1940s? I just dont understand how people can be so ignorant in the year 2013. Im not saying go out and abuse it, but there are REAL medical benefits from marijuana that people are missing out on because of some stupid misconceptions. You cannot argue with the facts, and if you want to take a shot at me, and call me a stupid stoner, you have already proved my point. http://www.naturalnews.com/036541_alcohol_gateway_drug_marijuana.html http://clearinghouse.missouriwestern.edu/manuscripts/481.php http://www.drugwatch.org/Alcohol%20&%20Tobacco_Gateway%20Drugs.htm http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2012/07/05/study-the-gateway-drug-is-alcohol-not-marijuana/ http://www.addictinginfo.org/2012/07/06/alcohol-the-real-gateway-drug/		
How long does it take for alcohol to start destroying the body		My mom has been an alcoholic for about 2 years now and im just wondering how long things like liver problems and cancers etc take to start to happen? And if we get her help now can she become healthy again? thanks		
How can you die from alcohol		I drink every time I go out to parties, which isnt that much but I just started thinking about how alcohol can actually kill you. I know it interferes with your liver but what are the odds of dying from alcohol poisoning and how can you actually die from it? Because many people, like myself, go out and like to have a couple drinks and it scares me to know that you can actually die from it. How do you actually catch alcohol poisoning? How much do you need to drink to die from alcohol? Many people drink a lot and are still living also. Just a few things I was wondering..		
How do people get addicted to alcohol	angel&gt<SEMCOL>		Im just simply not addicted and rarely crave it I dont get how people get addicted	
Why have so many celebrities, rock stars, etc. been addicted to alcohol and/or drugs		This is not a question about financial capability, or time on their hands, or lifestyle choices, rather I am interested in what social-psychological factors lead so many of these stars to drug addiction. thanks x		
If someone self medicates with alcohol, do they have a problem			If someone self medicates with alcohol do they have a problem? If they turn to alcohol when they are having a hard time in life (something goes wrong, they have money problems, they are sad, mad, or just dont feel good) do they have a problem? My mom does this all the time! She drinks almost everyday (not all day). She told me yesterday that her mom treated her terribly when she was little and she grew up being a people pleaser. To not grow up to be like her, dont live the life shes lived, and not to follow her. That she knows our relationship is messed up because of what she has done. She also said that she remembers looking in the mirror and feeling pretty and confident and now she hates looking in the mirror. But why doesnt she get help? My grandma (her mom) has diabetes and passed away after a liver transplant. My aunt is on medication for being bipolar.	
Should I have left my husband (alcohol and verbal abuse)		Hi, I am a single mom with 2 children under the age of 3. My husband is a heavy drinker who becomes verbally abusive when he drinks. He drinks about 2 or 3 times a week. Every time he drinks he cannot just get a buzz he has to drink to the point where he does not know what he is doing. Although, I do love him, his drinking, verbal abuse and need to control me brought me to the breaking point where I finally moved out. His drinking has never affected his job because he does not work. He is a trust fund child and his parents pay for everything. He has tried 3 stints in rehab. Each time he went he ended up quitting because it was stupid to him. I have a very close relationship with my parents and brothers family. I enjoy traveling with them a couple of times a year on small camping trips and seeing them about 2 nights per month for dinner. My brother has kids the same age and they enjoy seeing each other. This drives my husband crazy and instead of being accepting of this he has put them down and has been rude to them to try to keep them out of our lives. He tells me I put them before him although I feel like I have never done that and spend everyday with him since we did not work. he also does not like me to have other relationships. If I want to ever go to lunch or dinner with a long time girl friend he tells me how stupid they are and that they really dont like me. I am a smart lady but I feel broken down. I know that his behavior is wrong and I feel like I could not change him and was becoming emotionally sick by always trying to fix his problems and cover up his behavior. Im I wrong to have left?		
How come I used to be able to handle high amounts of alcohol but now its getting me sick all of a sudden		I turned 21 in February and I could guzzle down bottles and bottles of beer and wake up and not feel too bad. Also drinking multiple shots of vodka, whiskey, rum etc. During the summer I was starting to drink heavy and sometimes drinking during the day. i have never gotten sick from it until September. It seems like ever since I have thrown up from it once it started reoccurring again and again. Why is it my body tolerated such heavy drinking for so long and now all of a sudden I just cant keep it down? Anyways i got sick of being/feeling sick all the time and it making my depression worse so I quit about a week and a half ago. I have no intention to touch another drink for a long time. If ever.		
If I drink Beer Or Alcoholic Beverage i Will Be a Prefect Man		People Say Whom Drink Alcoholics Beverage He Will Be Successful Person In His Life.... Is Right ?		
Am I turning into an alcoholic		Let me start by saying I didnt start drinking until I was 21. Even then, I didnt start going out drinking until 6 months after my 21st birthday. Im 22, so Ive been drinking for one year. Normally, Id go out every month or every few months with friends to a bar or club. Get drunk early, dance and all that stuff, then be sober by the time the placed closed. Well, for the last week, I havent been sober one night. Ill be at home by myself and sit down and have a cocktail (usually a Sidecar or White Lady). One leads to two, but I cut myself off at three. By then, Im quite obviously drunk, so Ill switch from drinking to drinking water and do that for at least 1-2 hours before going to sleep. Ive had insomnia from the alcohol twice this week alone. Ill drink on an empty stomach due to dietary restrictions (I wont consume over 1600 in a day - been like that for years). And Ive swapped the calories I would consume in food and coffee to alcohol. Even as I sit here with a drink, Im tracking my intake. Heres the thing: Im moving next Wednesday and wont have the funds for alcohol at all. Im essentially drinking my own alcohol (its alcohol Ive had in my room for months) because I cant drink it where Ill be (or with the job Ill have). My dads a recovered alcoholic (been sober for 13 years from being a falling down drunk). So I know addiction runs in my family (my siblings have had their run-ins with drugs). My question is what Ive been doing the path to alcoholism? I cant justify my actions, to be honest. I just need to know if I should stop drinking now while Im aware of the situation.		
Did drugs and alcohol kill Whitney Houston and June Pointer		They were both music legends and June pointer for those of you who dont know her was in the late 70s to mid 80s r&b group the pointer sisters and she was amazing! and sexy (well she should have got her teeth fixed) and every1 knows who whitney houston is and shes also sexy and a legend but they ruined their appearance and voices with drugs and smoking but im wondering if they never did drugs or drinking would they still be here? Like june had a stroke and heart attack drugs cause that?		
When someone has a drug alcohol addiction where do they go		Intervention, Rehab? What alsssoooo do they have to stay for a period of time ?		
Does Alcohol abuse or just in general Alcohol damage teenage brains		Very intrigued into this, I often believed that only in cases of alcohol abuse by underages that alcohol could have a damaging effect on them, or is it any alcohol at all that they intake that causes damage to the brain. It seems incredibly unlikely that it would be just any alcohol and that a teenager would have to be a frequent drinker for it to begin to have a serious effect on the brain but Id like some enlightenment shed to me on this topic and some information put forward Thanks in advance Static		
If your ankles are swollen from alcohol abuse for the first time,will they return to normal if you stop drink		if your ankles have swelled up due to drinking,and this is your first time with this symtom ,will they return to normal in time if you stop drinking?		
Should smoking and/or drinking alcohol when pregnant be treated as child abuse		Yes or no? Should people be prosecuted for it?		
Trying to get rid of alcohol cravings on benzodiazepines.		Hi Im trying to quit drinking alcohol, this is my attempt number xxxxxxx (yeah too many). This is my number 4 day no drinking. I am asking if its better to take Ativan (Lorazepam) 2mg or Klonopin (Clonazepam) 1mg to sooth my alcohol cravings. Both of them I have by prescription from my psychiatrists for anxiety issues. I tried both and Ativan has a quick onset but also short effect. Klonopin takes like hour or two to work but lasts like 8 hours. I need anything that will stop my hand from reaching into the liquor cabiner or wine cabinet. My husband is an alcoholic so removing alcohol out of my household is out of question, I need to learn to not want to drink it. My psychiatrist also suggested I can try other kinds of benzos like Xanax if I want to but I do not know enough about these pills. Any other advices? Thanks.		
Im 17 almost 18, should i be allowed to drink alcohol		Two years ago I drunk bud light and thought it was disgusting but I only drunk it to get drunk, you see? Recently Ive been wanting to try different types to find one I eventually will like. A lot of teens my age drink for the effects and ignorant/reckless partying they do but I dont like that social sense anyway, I dont think I will get addicted easy anyway. Im going to two concerts this spring/summer and my sister turned 21 last year and she will get me a cup or two If I want one but I dont know which kind I like. When I talk about it I feel weird (especially around my parents and other family)because Ive never been around it enough I guess but what do you guys think? Honestly I think Im mature enough to handle drinking socially but the age limit in the US really puts a strain on my thoughts right now. If someone could also give me some types that dont taste like bud light or Coors Ive been told blue moon and Samuel Adams were pretty good?		
How do you feel about marijuana being legal for recreational use like alcohol		how would you feel If your neighbor smoked pot? Do you think it would improve the economy? Do you think it would cost the police less money and help them get into more important stuff? How would your neighborhood change?		
Help! Any detox from alcohol experts		I have an alcohol problem, I have been a steadily drinking for about 4 years, every day for about 1 1/2 years (not getting blacked out drunk just steadily drinking) Im a 22 year old male and Ive been paying for it with mental health problems (panic attacks) so Ive been prescribed 1mg Xanax.. I wanna get off the alcohol and Im aware that with medical detox, benzodiazepines are what the doctors use to help with the dangerous detox process. I have no health insurance and Im kinda poor at the moment so I cant afford to get the detox done professionally. I want to get off the alcohol and try to use my prescription of Xanax to help me safely through the process. What dose should I take to not get addicted to Xanax and how should I do my detox? I have had addictions and have the will power to overcome the withdrawal of a substance from experience, I just dont wanna die from the detox process :( I also never mix my pills with alcohol (beer only) so any feedback would be greatly appreciated		
3 examples of how the media/public portray alcohol or drug use in a positive manor		be specific with your answer indicate exactly what you are refering to, ie. exact commercial or situation, etc...		
Need advice with my alcoholic parent situation :(		Im 26 years old .My whole childhood my dad was an alcoholic.He also had bad nerves and took Meds for it along with the alcohol.He was never physically abusive(but twice) but always emotionally abusive.One day he was nice,the next he was mean,one day me and my mom would leave and the next we were all going to church together.I LOVE my dad.I spent my childhood praying he would quit but be never did.He was a wonderful dad when he was sober.We had so much fun .But when he drank I was an emotional mess.I picked up after him,his his beer and took care of him.I honestly think he was skitzo/bipolar.Im the most insecure adult you will meet.Now that Im married and outbid the house I worry about him 24/7.I worry mostly about him dying.I cry often ad my nerves are always bad.My husband gets frustrated and says he cant e with me if I continue to get so upset.I cant help it.How do I let go?		
Besides therapy with a psychologist and AA does anyone know of any good treatments for alcohol abuse				
Poll: Are you alcoholic				
What is the minimum time served for alcohol abuse in Florida		i was told thay if youre sent to an evaluation that you HAVE to do minimum no matter what (15 sessions even if you dont have a problem. I was told that if you drink a 6 pk a month, youre considered an alcoholic. Is this true. Is it the same in every state? What can I do??		
Sobering up from alcohol and marijuana		What are the best steps to take after sobering up from marijuana and alcohol after 3 years of doing it non stop?		
I think my friend aged 15 is an alcoholic and smoker addict-what do i do		so i was friends with this girl at the start of the year but then i relised she had ditched me to be friends with someone more popular, because i didnt see them much as they were never in house (private school) but when she is in house shell always be nicking everyones sports kits and cutting the tags off and not giving them back etc. so one day i decided to get back what was rightfully mine while she wasnt in house so i looked in her bag and i found a bottle of vodka (and my sports top)! i didnt know what to do and when i told 3 other girls in my house (trustworthy) they were just like, put it back so i did! then the next week i checked again and there was more alchohol in there! so we started doing weekly check ups but then after a few weeks we didnt find anything? so we stopped look and after the next term, she nicked one of my friends skort so she checked in her bag and we found a bottle of tequila and 2 empty packets of ciggerettes? so we then started doing weekly check ups again and we just kept finding more and more!!! because none of us like her because shes a slag and just horrible to us, some popular girls like her...so should we tell our house mistress or the headmaster or just wait until she gets found out anyway because its really obvious as she smells of alcohol and fags! but if we tell because no one is suspicious about her, they will all hate us because shed be expelled and it would be obvious who has grassed her up!! WHAT SHOULD WE DO?!?!?! need advice please and any advice would be much appreciated!! thankyou!!! :D x		
Sociological perspective of Alcohol abuse help		how would each of these perspectives look at alcohol abuse	Additional Details the perspectives : (structural functionalism, conflict, symbolic interactionism)	
Will I go through Alcohol Withdrawals		Hi let me give you a quick background. Im 23 year old male. Good health 62 170lbs. I started drinking when I was 18. I drank mostly on the weekends, and some week days. When I was 20 I joined a band and started drinking heavily, at least 8 beers a day until I was 22. From 22-23 I drink pretty much every day and it ranges from 3-10 beer a day. It is very random some nights I just drink 3 and some weekends I drink 10. I never drink unless it has been past 24 hours (its my rule). So if I drink until 9:00 pm I wont have a sip of alcohol until 9:00 pm the next day. I never have woke up and drank, and I have never drank in the afternoon (because I work). I usually skip one or two days a month of not drinking at all. I am getting board of drinking but at the same time it is a habit so I know it is going to be a hard journey. I am just very nervous of going through withdrawals! I know I have drank a lot and for a long time now! Any advice on if I am going to have withdrawals and if you think I should go to the hospital or something please let me know. Also feel free to throw in any advice to help me quit! Thanks for all your help, its hard to talk about this with people you know in person and to half a place like this where I can get some feedback is just awesome!	Additional Details Dave B, That is a great way to put it and this is a shock to me that I never thought of it this way. Thanks for the confidence and truth. I am going to try my best to quit and not let my brain play mind games on me. Maybe for quitting for a year I can try to actually drink "responsibly"	
I am 13 and I do drugs and secretly alcohol		I am a drug addict, porn addict and alcholol addict, none of which my parents know about. I mix vodka with cocaine.I am depressed and now addicted, I am so confused. I dont want to talk about it anymore. Please help me.		
The world would be a better place without alcohol Agree		I think it would because considering that a lot of Rape, abuse, assault and murder is caused by it.		
I feel like puking and my stomach hurts after drinking alcohol ........		ok so long story short i drank about half a bottle of vodka yesterday and at night my stomach starting hurting and i had this like burning sensation ...today it just hurts and i have puked already two times ..its still upset and i puked up yellow bile yesterday .....i also have gastritis and acide reflux disease		
How effective are court ordered drug and alcohol classes			My mom has been dating a guy for the past 3 years and they both have a drinking problem. The boyfriend was arrested back in October for punching her and giving her a black eye while they were both drunk. He was court ordered drug and alcohol classes, anger management classes, and the judge told them to stay away from each other. I noticed during the first week of December that my mom just started going out a lot and sometimes not coming back home until the morning. Im pretty sure theyre back together but I cant tell my mom anything about this or her drinking, she gets very mad. Are drug and alcohol classes effective? Since hes a ex heroin addict, does he get drug tested too?	
Unitarian Universalist stance on prostitution and drugs/alcohol		Are they generally for or against prostitution, and are they generally for or against drugs/alcohol and why? Or are they pretty much neutral on both topics?	Additional Details @EddieJ So what youre saying is that their opinion can be either or? And what does having a certain hair color have you do with anything?	
Should we pass a law that says guns and alcohol/drugs must be kept 100 yards apart		Be kind of fun watching the booze and prescription pain killer addicted conservatives try to choose between keeping their booze in the house or their guns... But of course it would cut the murder rate in half if there were a lot less booze filled rednecks or coked up Romney boys with access to guns in America. Agree?	Additional Details "Questions like these do NOT help the debate on guns." Oh look, a really really smart person who thinks mixing guns and booze is nothing to be concerned with!!	
What is an alcoholic			Ive been posting on YA for awhile now because I need some help with my home life. Its very confusing to me right now. My parents separated a few years ago and I have watched my mom go down hill. She started dating a guy who is a ex heroin addict, a alcoholic, and went to jail for giving my mom a black eye when they were both drunk. I believe my mom still sees him. My mom drinks every day. She never drinks as soon as she wakes up, but every evening around 5 or 6, sometimes as soon as she comes home from work. I dont know how many drinks she really has but I notice that she drinks until she goes to sleep. Ive been on many roller coasters, a lot of verbal abuse. She gets irritated very easily, has mood swings, is never really home (just leaves without saying anything), and will sometimes cook dinner but still leaves without sitting down and eating with my 15 year old brother and I. If I try to talk to her about her drinking she gets very mad and tells me its none of my business where shes going. She trys to control who I talk to, where I go, and my future. I leave for college in 3 days. My brother and aunt enable my mom and denies that she has a problem. We had a get together at my home last night and my mom and aunt sat there and asked me if Im depressed, I seem distant, and that I need put on medication. We have money problems and my mom and I have problems in our relationship. My mom has asked me many times for money, I have offered to pay my part, but all of her money just seems to go away. What is an alcoholic?	
Do drugs and alcohol really make a singers voice worse		Lets take 4 examples - Christ Cornell, Scott Weiland, Layne Staley, Corey Taylor. All of these have pretty amazing voices, some of my favourites.Corey Taylor used drugs up until the early 00s and overdosed a few times, while the first three were all using drugs, two even frequently used heroin while in their respective bands yet their voices remained as good as ever regardless. People always say that drugs, alcohol and smoking all worsen your voice, but do they really?	Additional Details I disagree with the Ozzy Osbourne statement. Ive never thought he has been a technically brilliant vocalist personally, but his voice sounds completely normal when talking. Im not talking about slurring of speech or messing up sentences as that is to do with the mind. I know drugs destroy the mind, especially heroin. Scott Weiland is awful at explaining things and often forgets to answer a question or answers a different question during interviews. Also Chris* Cornell (I called him Christ, but he does look a bit like Jesus nowadays).	
Based on side effects what will do more damage to your body: alcohol or mdma		this is for a school report, im not actually considering the two.		
Can alcohol abuse induce Dissociative Identity Disorder		I am absurdly in love with my boyfriend. Ive known him since we were in middle school and were in our mid 20s now. We both had very rough childhoods and used to be heavy drug users. Weve both quit using, but he still drinks heavily. Hes a hard worker, provides for his family, and from the outside seems perfect in every way. Since weve lived together (the past 7 months) Ive noticed that he often talks to himself. A couple months ago he told me that he always hears voices in his head. I love and accept him no matter what and will always be there for him and have told him so, but a couple of nights ago he went to a friends house and got extremely drunk. When he came home, its like he was a completely different person. I know some people act differently when theyre drunk, but this was WAY different. My boyfriend is an extremely loving, gentle, open minded man, but when he came in that night it was like he had transformed into a completely different person. He was so angry and he thrashed our entire apartment. I kept calling his name, and he kept saying "hes not here right now" That really worried me. Ive gotten drunk with him plenty of times before (we started drinking together when we were 13) but hes never acted like this before. He got so violent that I felt it necessary to call the police. He spent 2 nights in jail and when he got out all he could do was apologize to me. He seems very embarrassed about the entire situation and when I asked him about how he kept saying that "_______ isnt here right now" all he could say was that it wasnt him that did it. I couldnt get anything else out of him. He told me that I should get as far away from him as possible because theres things about him I dont understand and hes afraid hell end up hurting me. I dont believe that hes just a violent drunk. I feel like something way more complex is going on. When Ive heard him talking to himself, Ive heard him say things like, "I told you this was going to happen" and then hell answer himself saying "shut up, I didnt ask for your opinion." Its like theres 2 people in his head. Maybe more. He talks to himself when hes sober. This one time when he was drunk is the only time that its actually like he transformed into another person. I know he needs help, but Im just wondering what kind of disorder might he have?	Additional Details Will it go away if he quits drinking? Is the alcohol the cause?	
Alcohol Question:When people get the DT,s do they really see big spiders and ghosts coming after them 				
How long does alcohol take to cause deadly effects		I have been drinking beer the last 4 years in copious amounts according to everyone in my life. I probably drink anywhere from 10-15 beers each day in order to sleep and function the next day. I am very productive and make excellent grades at the university of Florida. Many people in my life are worried about me and honestly I am starting to be forced into rehab. I dont see any hurt in my drinking. I have one DUI but I NEVER drink and drive after that happened. I can wake up at any time and I maintain a very functional relationship with a beautiful woman. I rarely am drunk and do things I would not do if I was sober. What is my body going through? Why do I need to stop? Why do people worry about my life that does not include illegal activities?		
In addition to several short-term effects of alcohol and drugs on the body, other negative physiological, phys				
Xanax and alcohol- they say no, but can you		I am not a drug addict, nor do I have a problem with them. I have a panic disorder that ha recently gotten completely out of control and has disabled my life. I started taking xanax every 6 hours and I am taking about .5 mg- sometimes 1 mg (which is what I am prescribed) 3 times a day. So heres the thing, I am trying to get better here. My old self would go out with friends to dinner and have 2 glasses of wine and be normal. The new crazy self- has left me not going out because I cant drink with people and it didnt bother me before, but after 6 months of no alcohol at all. I would like to go with my best friends wedding and be able to have a drink, but am afraid to because I will have taken a xanax 3 hours earlier to get me to walk down the isle with her and be her maid of honor. So- will xanax and wine really kill me if I have taken it 3 hours before her reception? Or what? Need some honest answers here. Honestly, I ask my doctor and he said he has alcohilcs with liver problems on xanax and not to make a habit of it- but I have heard other people tell me that it could really hurt me.		
Should alcohol be placed under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act like marijuana		Schedule 1 substances are said to have the meet the following caveats: (A) The drug or other substance has a high potential for abuse. (B) The drug or other substance has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States. (C) There is a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug or other substance under medical supervision. Alcohol has a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical uses. No, dont say that alcohol can lower blood pressure, thus it has medical uses. A doctor has never prescribed somebody alcohol to lower their blood pressure. If alcohol fits these descriptions, then why should it not be placed under Schedule I?	Additional Details @WallyZ: If we tried it and it failed, then why are we still "Trying" it? @TheNakedStranger69: Damn that must be why it got me so high.	
Movies on Netflix with drug or alcohol abuse....		Substance abuse Failing relationships Depression Movies like that, if a movie had all of those elements that would be perfect. So thing with a strong central character too. And a very gloomy vibe. Please and thank you		
I am christian my husband is not and on top of it he is an alcoholic and i cant talk to him as he cant take it		my husband and me are together for 5 years and married 2 years ago, i am a christian but he is not, he believes but does not know jesus. anyhow, i am not able to talk to my husband he cant take it, he carries on drinking and becomes very stupid.we argue most of the time. I want to leave for a while because i cant take it anymore, but have nowhere to go and no job, london is so expensive and i have been dissmissed from my last job because of our relationship problems, i lost it. the problem is, he is ultra sensitive and gets me and everthing wrong and sees everthing as critisism which is not, i cant be myself without he getting it wrong, there is so much tension and a bad atmosphere all the time. i just dont know any way out, i do pray, but i cant take his drinking, he becomes so stupid, he doesnt abuse my physically but its a mental and emotional sort of abuse, any advice?		
I need to write a five page paper on alcohol for health help meee		any websites that i can go to or youre input on it would really help(: I know alot about it but I only have two pages i dont know how to make it longer, its due tomrrow please help me		
Approximatly how long does it take for your body to become physically addicted to alcohol		if you drink hard alcohol		
Why arent alcoholics called alcohol addicts		Where does the "ic" part of the word come from? Theres no weedaholic, cocaholic or methaholic		
How to smuggle alcohol out of grocery store		washington state		
Dealing and living with an alcoholic parent.		hi my name is zack im 19 years old and im currently living with a chronic alcoholic, its my mother. she suffers from alcoholism, shes always been able to handle her alcohol all her life she always drank a night sometimes with my dad as a winding down, and ending their day, and my parents going to work and make a living. me and my family always grew up as happy, middle class family, my parents, me, my twin, older brother, older sister. everything was just awesome. we moved a few times but that never changed us but when my sister turned 19 she started getting into hardcore drugs she is now 33 and still a drug attic she has 4 kids.. my niece who is now 12 we adopted her from my older sister when she was just 3 so ive called her my little sister ever since my 33 year old sister has been in and out of rehabs and all over the place since my parents gave everything to her, my mom was highly intelligent very successful and someone who i admired and looked up to always i was proud of my family my most of all my mom.. i am her mini me basically because we share very similar looks same with my sister and pretty much my whole family! i will admit i am a mamas boy i didnt care i was proud of it.. i went to her for everything. she loved my dad very much and theyve been married for 20 something years now. we gave each other strength.. . cousins and everyone else lives in south florida ( were orginally from there) in 2000 we lived in Georgia afterwards up until 9th grade for me..my dad got laid off in 08 just when the economy started going.. we were tight on money but i still lvoed my family..still very strong, my parents dealt with alot of stress the last few years my dads dad dying in 1992 and my grandmas my dads mom dying in 2007. bad things started happening more and more in shorter sequences my older sister had another kid shortly after he is now in custody of her dad she lost 2 kids due to drugs and what not AGAIN.. again a bunch of stress but my mom and everyone handled it well and were hopeful! in 2008 our entrepuenership company went down hill lost alot of money. my dad got laid off from his job also.. my grandparents got older and we have to move them closer to us... then after i finished 9th grade we moved beaucse my dad got a job in Dc for the government! job in DC so i me my twin and my little sister had to start school in a new state. me and my twin as sophomores in high school it was hard, we brought our grandparents with us because they were getting getting older. so you know how that goes. we moved to Maryland in 2009 during the summer the first year here was great. my sister had another kid in 2010 but again lost custody of it AGAIN. 3 different dads by the way.. drugs and her addiction were crazy, she was always out and about everywhere weve grown to accept that is just her! we lived it. she dealt with the consequences we took the appropriate steps tomake sure all of her kids got great home environments. in the summer of 2010 my sister stole my moms car and went on a drug bender and then crashed it.. it was jaguar. my mom was devasted but dealed.. but noticed she drank a tad more and a little earlier then normal no one really took notice of it. my mom let my sister live with us for the time being. and everything just went haywire she abanonded the baby we raised most of the here at our house. she dipped off to florida for a few weeks. and my mom started drinking more and more every since then. my mom got less sleep, more stress having to deal with the extra workload, more stress kept piling...it took a toll on all of us. we all pitched in and accepted that my sister is a mess and aloss cause and took responisblity of the situation. holidays started getting more dull. happiness in the family slowly but steadily going away, the house started getting more darker. and my mom snapped and lost control of her drinking. she stopped cooking, being a mom, neglecting my elderly grandparents, my dad worked hard but came home at 7 to deal with a bunch of nonsense, he was a hardworking man but my mom lost control. it was heartbreaking we didnt know what to do, our family was rainbows and sunshine all the time, we werent use to being exposed to this or experiencing this. we got another car for my mom a better jaguar and she was happy, because she was a smart intelligent hardworking woman, she deserved the things she worked hard for. she was happy btu then a few months later my sister stole the car again, me telling my parents before to hide the keys because my sister would **** up again. they didnt listen. she stole it crasehd it and totaled it. my moms drinking was already going down hill. she neglected my grandparents didnt give them their meds and my grandparents started going out of control. my mom has been in and out of rehabs her drinking keeps getting worse, she has liver disease her health is failing and she is losing hair, my grandpa is dead. my moms drinking has been out of control since 2010, and is gett	Additional Details and is getting worse and worse, she shits and pees her self, she falls down the stairs, shes violent, she ripped up the wedding album, threw away and burned all my dads grandpas memorial items ( served in the military) shes on probabtion now and has been for a year... she violated and has a warrrant since may 2011. my mom passe dout and left the gasburner on on the stove on my house cold of blown up. my mom neglects us and is abusive mentally and physically, she wont stop drinking she wont get help, shes delusional, violent, and out of control now. what do we do? this is so heartbreaking weve tried to help my mom and be there for her but she just doesnt care anymore. she wont eat she goes through a bottle of vodka a dayor 2. she lost her license. she drinks on the couch and sleeps and drinks its a adidctive vicious cycle. i dont know what to do. my twin moved away with my older bro to tennessee.. i had my whole life planned out but ive been dealing with this since highschool.. i lost m my mom ahs been in and out of hospitals, almost being dead, but she comes back and just drinks more. its like she doesnt care and wants to die. my dad is losing his mental stability i can tell he is devasted... things keep goings further down the drain. there is no longer a sober part of the day for my mom anymore. she is pretty much disabled now as it seems... im turning 20 and just feel like a failure. everyone else is going to universites and everything but me? nope. i lost motivation and just in a deperssion the whole time. im just so devastated to what has happened in my life. and i miss my mom but then again very angry. what do i do? what can we we do. my mom isnt expected to live much longer if she keeps this up. everyone has basically given up, and my family is torn and broken, my mom is going to die soon and im crying so much becasue of it. she is in deathly disease of addiction. and she wont stop or care. everyone has moved away and broken apart. its just me my dad mom and little sister. weve done everything to help the sitiutaion but wont stop... my mom does have a warrant for her arrest for violation of probation.. should we just turn her in??? get her commited or rehab again longer rehab? were out of options. please have a heart and help us.	
Any of you had a loved one on drugs/alcohol and just a gluten of making bad life choices Looking for advise		Ill try to simplify the story and get to the meat and bones. I have a stepdaughter (25 years old), mother and I are very happy and have been married just over two years. Ive been in the picture 5 years. The step-daughter has had her share of issues since Ive known her, all of which revolve around self-esteem. The end result is that she chooses loser guys as boy friends, has issues with drugs and alcohol, and just makes bad decisions as a life journey. Because of these loser relationships and substance issues, shes ran into trouble with the law particularly in the form of domestic violence calls. Recently she spent 3 weeks in jail because she was again, having some domestic issue and when the police arrived, they carted her off due to warrants from previous domestic violence issues which were left unresolved with the courts. About a year a ago, we allowed her to live with us so that she can get back on her feet, but that was an absolute disaster. She ended up hooking up with another loser, continued her drug use (b.t.w. her drugs of choice are snorting chopped prescriptions and alcohol). So I booted her out. After this recent fiasco with the law we allowed her to move in temporarily, probably the wrong choice, but she really had nowhere to stay. So shes been here a little over a week. Shes waiting to her from her job which she had prior to going to jail but most likely, thats gone. She went out with her friend the other day and was back around 10 p.m. and then went out last night and didnt come home. She texted me today aobut how her phone had died she stayed at a friend etc. Lies, Im sure, she lies like a rug. I told her not to come hojme because she was no longer welcomed were not taking anymore of this nor enabling her. She showed up anyways. Really torn, conscience, wanting to do the right thing, and yet hopiing theres some kind of spark that will get her on the right path. Was hoping the 3 weeks in jail would knock some sense into her but, its not looking so good now. Shes bitching right now because I took her phone away. I told her Ill give it back to her on one of two conditions. She packs her stuff and gets the hell out. Or Monday morning at which point she starts making calls and looking for jobs. What do you think, I need an outside perspective. Shes scared as hell of the streets and shes a cute young white thing, attracting guys has never been an issue with her. I know what kind of disaster it would be to leave her absolutely no hope of resolve, she would most likely resort to the worst actions to not be alone or homeless. So right now I have her dangling over the weekend through the phone. Like I said, I know shes so full of self-esteem issues that facebooking and partying is how she validates herself, I cut that avenue off (she doesnt have access to computer either while here). One last thing. I have a history of drugs and alcohol which is why I can relate and sympathize. Her mother has never had these issues, which is probably why I was so attracted her. Mom is pretty oblivious about such things as well as being a disciplinarian. Im having to step forward here. Okay, give it to me, Im ready for it all.	Additional Details Wow, now Im more torn that ever. Minimouse and Blessed make some strong points. Ive pondered both of those possibilities strongly. But they are completely opposite of each other. Reading both your points just made me bounce back and forth like a tennis ball (as Ive been doing). I think in the end, its all about parenting<SEMCOL> contemplating the situation and making the best reasoned solution. Its just so funny that both of you pointed out exactly the extremities Im trying to resolve. Thank you sincerely for your input, it has helped me to reflect.	
Parenting question, adult/female/drugs/alcohol		Ill try to simplify the story and get to the meat and bones. I have a stepdaughter (25 years old), mother and I are very happy and have been married just over two years. Ive been in the picture 5 years. The step-daughter has had her share of issues since Ive known her, all of which revolve around self-esteem. The end result is that she chooses loser guys as boy friends, has issues with drugs and alcohol, and just makes bad decisions as a life journey. Because of these loser relationships and substance issues, shes ran into trouble with the law particularly in the form of domestic violence calls. Recently she spent 3 weeks in jail because she was again, having some domestic issue and when the police arrived, they carted her off due to warrants from previous domestic violence issues which were left unresolved with the courts. About a year a ago, we allowed her to live with us so that she can get back on her feet, but that was an absolute disaster. She ended up hooking up with another loser, continued her drug use (b.t.w. her drugs of choice are snorting chopped prescriptions and alcohol). So I booted her out. After this recent fiasco with the law we allowed her to move in temporarily, probably the wrong choice, but she really had nowhere to stay. So shes been here a little over a week. Shes waiting to her from her job which she had prior to going to jail but most likely, thats gone. She went out with her friend the other day and was back around 10 p.m. and then went out last night and didnt come home. She texted me today aobut how her phone had died she stayed at a friend etc. Lies, Im sure, she lies like a rug. I told her not to come hojme because she was no longer welcomed were not taking anymore of this nor enabling her. She showed up anyways. Really torn, conscience, wanting to do the right thing, and yet hopiing theres some kind of spark that will get her on the right path. Was hoping the 3 weeks in jail would knock some sense into her but, its not looking so good now. Shes bitching right now because I took her phone away. I told her Ill give it back to her on one of two conditions. She packs her stuff and gets the hell out. Or Monday morning at which point she starts making calls and looking for jobs. What do you think, I need an outside perspective. Shes scared as hell of the streets and shes a cute young white thing, attracting guys has never been an issue with her. I know what kind of disaster it would be to leave her absolutely no hope of resolve, she would most likely resort to the worst actions to not be alone or homeless. So right now I have her dangling over the weekend through the phone. Like I said, I know shes so full of self-esteem issues that facebooking and partying is how she validates herself, I cut that avenue off (she doesnt have access to computer either while here). One last thing. I have a history of drugs and alcohol which is why I can relate and sympathize. Her mother has never had these issues, which is probably why I was so attracted her. Mom is pretty oblivious about such things as well as being a disciplinarian. Im having to step forward here. Okay, give it to me, Im ready for it all.		
Why isnt ATF making sure we all have enough alcohol, tobacco and firearms	who WAS #1		It is an agency of the Federal government.........	
Fetal Alcohol Syndrome		i was binge drinking last night and im 4.5 months pregnant, but its the only night ive ever done it. will this have effect on the fetus?		
Alcoholism: I have seen someone fully recover is it possible			I am so confused. I thought there was no real cure for Alcoholism<SEMCOL> I was told that one had to take their daily "medicine" or AA to ensure their sobriety. However, there have been cases Ive been reading about (and now I know someone personally) who were so bad they would drink morning, noon, night, lace everything with drugs and now they actually drink normally! In fact, sometimes they just dont feel like it. They are all in their late twenties and early thirties and they managed to have self-control which AA specifically says does not work. Is it true that people can train their brain and fully recover from alcoholism?	
Sleeping Problems After Alcohol		Hey, Whenever i go out on the drink i come home and have an extremely restless sleep. I do sleep but my mind thinks im still at the party or club. its a really uncomfortable way to sleep and i was wondering if anyone knows what it is ? how to solve it ? or if anyone has the same issue? cheers		
How is alcohol used and abuse need answers plzz			how is alcohol used and abuse??? need answers plzz? I need to know how alcohol is used and then how it is abused...i would prefer them in a list plzzz for a project	
What do you do if your boyfriend of five months was addicted to spice and quit but substitutes alcohol		And also call you rude names		
My brother is an alcoholic, does that increase my chances of not being able to handle alcohol		Im 19 years old and in college. I dont drink. Ive been abstaining for a variety of reasons, but I thought maybe when I turn 21, I would drink, especially if a nice, cute guy is offering me one. But now I am unsure I will ever touch alcohol. My brother is an alcoholic. It has put a lot of pressure on our family and were all trying to help out. My parents pulled him out of school and are getting him help. But it seems being away from the environment of living on his own is helping. Anyways, does the fact that my bro is an alcoholic dramatically increase my chances of becoming one? Would it be smart to continue abstaining? Also, I have uncles who are alcoholics.		
ALCOHOLICS, I Am One Trying To Stop My Friend Is Unsupporitive Trys to Give Me Drink, Please Advice Me 		I get involved with a woman, i like the osscasional drink as dose anybody. But i have notices she like one everyday, long story short i have drank with her for over two years i am now an alcoholic. But i am willing to stop, I realise it aint the way to live life. Anyway i have dropped hints to this woman to say i cant drink. See i bought a car and am learning to drive i say to her i cant drink cops pull me over for drink driving. She like  Oh yeah in a complete oblivious way, i go to her house one night i bring apple juice with me. She then just get a wine glass and say have one, am completely awarkard cos its her house am in. I say to here am really struggling to drive she says you just nervous. I say not only nervous, but being hungover dosent help me. She just say sure i learned how to drive,anyone can do it. No Disrespect her car is automatic, very different from a mamual like Mine. It like she cant except i have been giveing her suttle hints that am going to stop drinking. when she gos on holidays, i just completely stop drinking i dont miss it feel my body took enought abuse from it. Another Example we work shift work am normally working 6am to 1pm, she starts 4pm to 11 pm. She rang me one night after she finished work , would you like to call over for one drink? This was 11pm at night, i said no cos am up at 5am for work. She got really pissed off, today i am going cold turkey i will not miss the alcohol. But like many Alcoholics, my body will get withdrawal Symptoms it will be tought but i know it is worth it.What the point drinking when you dont enjoy it. any one got any advice on alcohol withdrawl and an unsupported friend?	Additional Details I have started to go cold turkey, is it safe, and why has this woman ignored my suttel hints clearly you would get this right? If she cant understand the impact this has on my life surely she obviously needs help to. Oh and peolpe thinking am blameing others no way i admit am an ALCOHOLIC. Am sitting here now with withdrawl symptoms.	
Does a shool have just cause to suspend for alcohol policy for alcohol for empty bottles found in garbage		Can a school just fully suspend someone for breaking alcohol consumption policy, if they went into a dumpster off there campus and found alcohol in the garbage and an address to a house. The house is not the address of the person they are trying to suspend. They are trying to assume the person lives there, even though it is documented that they do not. IMPORTANT: the address was not to this persons address. They just are assuming, that the person lives there. Legally documented the address of the person being suspended is not at this address it is in a different city all together. Since the alcohol is not even the garbage property of the person i do not understand how it break the policy THIS IS THE RULE: The possession, sale or the furnishing of alcohol on the University campus is prohibited. Laws regarding the possession, sale, consumption or furnishing of alcohol are controlled by the State of Michigan Liquor Control Commission. However, the enforcement of alcohol laws on-campus is the primary responsibility of the University. The University campus has been designated ?drug free? and under no circumstances is the consumption of alcohol permitted. The possession, sale, manufacture or distribution of any controlled substance is illegal under both state and federal laws. Such laws are strictly enforced by the University. Violators are subject to University disciplinary action, criminal prosecution, fine and imprisonment. It is unlawful to sell, furnish or provide alcohol to a person under the age of 21. The possession of alcohol by anyone under 21 years of age in a public place or a place open to the public is illegal. It is also a violation of the University Alcohol Policy for anyone to consume or possess alcohol in any public or private area of campus. Individuals, organizations, or groups, etc. violating alcohol/substance policies or laws may be subject to sanctions by the University FROM STUDENT HANDBOOK In addition, the University also recognizes our Christian community has specific expectations of the traditional resident and commuter students on and off campus (including Core trips, cross-cultural programs, class field trips, and semester abroad programs, etc.) Within this context, students are obligated to abstain from the use, possession or distribution of alcohol or tobacco, and the abuse of prescription or non-prescription drugs or mind-altering substances (containers and other related paraphernalia are considered sufficient evidence of possession). The University does reserve the right to address the nontraditional student who resides off campus, on an individual basis.		
I go out maybe twice a month and for the most part I can handle my alcohol but every few months I blackout		I use to go out a lot and binge drink when I was younger but never blacked out. Really only started after a couple years and got easier and easier to end up forgetting large blips of my night. so Im not sure if my liver going through that abuse as a teenager has caused this issue or what but I know Im not an alcoholic however my grandmother was so Im just unsure how to handle it. Best to quit or really limit myself to one or two drinks max? When Im out with friends I am easily lead to have a few more drinks and as Im never out they encourage it. I have been dealing with some depression so I know thats not a good factor for drinking and could be contributing to my blacking out perhaps? General advice to kick me out of this trend, sick of feeling so embarrassed with my drinking		
Could anyone help me think of some ideas for an outline point about the effects of alcohol		Im not trying to steal noones work just ive gone through so much to find a topic because ther is just not enough info in my sources and the only things i can come up with is how alcohol effects people like health wise,financially if addicted.The thing is i dont know how to put my ideas as a point		
Do I have an alcohol problem :(		Im not catholic, I am orthodox but in my specific branch of orthodox Christianity we are supposed to go vegan for lent,plus abstain from alcohol. I am actually a vegan anyway so thats not hard. But the other day I was thinking...I cant imagine giving up alcohol! Im just a social drinker in college..I party maybe 3 nights a week...I get drunk but not sloppy/stumbling/throwing up/blacking out drunk..I can still remember everything the next day. But if Cant imagine giving up alcohol for 49 days (yes our lent is 49 days)...am I dependent/addicted? :( I feel ashamed...	Additional Details @Nathaniel-Im not technically old enough lol but I mean most college students arent old enough and drink quite a bit...I have done lent before but I never used to drink until I got to college so I never really had to give up alcohol	
Im concerned I may be an alcoholic		I googled the symptoms for alcoholism and alcohol abuse, and I have close to none of the symptoms. I never touch the stuff unless Im at a party. Ive never neglected any of my responsibilities because I was drunk or hungover. I drove drunk once accidentally, but I acknowledged the danger of doing so and havent done it since. It lists one of the symptoms as using alcohol to "de-stress" and although I never have, whenever I am stressed about something I find myself thinking that I really wish I were drunk right then. I havent been drunk in three months. I go about my days doing everything I usually do as normal, but in moments of boredom or in between activities I find myself desperately craving intoxication. I realize its normal to want to drink but its gotten to the point where I put forth all of my effort trying to find parties or places to go where people are drinking just so I can have an excuse to be as well. What do you think?		
Poll: If people knew drugs and alcohol can kill them then why do they still useit				
What is a good research question for alcoholism or alcohol abuse in college				
Name different recreational activities that help prevent alcohol abuse		I need help with our assignment. I cant any on the internet. Thank you Name different recreational activities that help prevent alcohol abuse		
Can sniffing rubbing alcohol harm you		Im addicted to the smell of %50 isopropyl alcohol, like the smell of a favorite perfume. I have to have the scent of it everyday. I dont get high or anything off of it, just love the smell.. Can this harm me in any way?		
Books about a young adult or mature teen dealing with cutting overdose alcohol drugs		I am dealing with a lot of crap in my life right now and Ive always used books as an escape, a way to cope. The books Im looking for would be similar to: "Lost Souls" - Poppy Z. Brite Almost anything by Caitlin R. Kiernan (esp. "Silk," "Murder of Angels") "Mosh Pit" - Kristyn Dunnion "Undone" - Brooke Taylor I have no preference of fiction or non-fiction. All I ask is that it carry a clear message to people like me who are struggling with cutting/burning (self mutilation), overdoses (often failed and repeated), alcohol abuse, and drugs (specifically marijuana, but I could definitely flow with some more serious substances in the context of the book.) Also, the consideration of suicide should be present, if not a strong factor. Depression and anxiety are something I struggle with daily. This is a very important thing for me to find out, people. Please wrack your brains- I know Im wracking mine- and I thank you eternally for it.		
How can I get my mum to buy me alcohol		Okay..so I am a year younger than the age required to purchase alcohol..but, I thought it would be a very good idea if I had alcohol in controlled servings so I learn to drink in moderation..so when I do get to the age where I can buy alcohol, I wont go crazy and buy a whole load of it..I would have learnt to drink it in moderation. The only way I can do this is if someone else buys it for me..and in my case, itd have to be my mum. I need her to understand..but shes totally against alcohol, hence me never drinking in the past. I read somewhere that for example, if someone is denied something for years, then all of a sudden they are allowed it, they would go completly crazy with it and possibly abuse it..I dont what that happening to me with alcohol which is why I want to start drinking it in moderation now..perhaps a bottle a week or every two weeks or something. So how can I get my mum to get it for me?	Additional Details what, no, im not trolling. Thanks zac :)	
Drugs are banned, people still find a way. Alcohol was banned, but people found a way. Whats different w/ guns		Why do people think banning guns will solve everything?		
Why dont alcoholics get hangovers		Basically I understand why we get hangovers and everything but I know a few alcoholics who never seem to have the rough feeling in the morning. I would understand more why people get addicted to it if they dont have to face the consequences the morning after. I always thought it was weird how people get addicted to a depressent. One that is a poison and your body hates your for it later. Anyway... I digress. Do alcoholics just not get them because their body is used to being that drunk? Or do some people just not get them full stop?		
Any way to decrease Alcohol Tolerance		As a writer and student, I always had to get drunk for best results. So I often have a glass of wine beside me. I got addicted to the feeling of getting drunk. But because of my addiction, my tolerance increased. While people consider good tolerace as manly, I am practical. Wine is expensive and I wanted to decrease my tolerance. But how? I tried excercise every morning to increase my heartbeat but it doesnt seem to work. (Good for my health though) I also tried small quantities of food but not empty stomach because alcohol can damage an empty stomach. But it doesnt seem to do much Any how can I decrease my tolerance or increase the power of alcohol without spending more?	Additional Details I am devoted to my work. I cant abstain from alcohol. (At least not yet) Also, abstaining can decrease tolerance but rebuilding it will be faster	
Is there an alcoholic gene		Forgive me if the question isnt correctly worded. I didnt have to take science after 5th form so understand nothing in that direction. Lets put it this way: There are many alcoholics in my family. My paternal grandmother and paternal aunt are/ were alcoholics (my grandmother is dead). My maternal grandfather was an alcoholic. He is also dead. He got to the point to where he drank methylated spirits. A cousin on the paternal side is an alcoholic. A cousin on the maternal side likes to inject Ritalin<SEMCOL> Lord Satan knows the rest. Theres all sorts of madness amongst the cousins I have on the maternal side. Depression, anger issues- Lord Satan knows what else. My mother is a bit on the strange side. She seems to have no emotions at all. My dad is almost overwhelmingly nice<SEMCOL> drinks a bottle of wine every night but never seems to be drunk. My brother is an alcoholic. I am an alcoholic and drug addict. There are only the two of us from my mum and dad. It might be worth noting that the paternal cousin of mine who is an alcoholic is the only paternal cousin I have. Is this a genetic susceptibility? Is it in the genes? I wasnt ever trained into drunkenness from my family- I never saw my immediate family drunk and only ever saw the extended family on very rare occasions. My drunken brother tended to get drunk quietly away from everyone, hidden in the forest. Much like me now. I want to know if this is a genetic thing. It is important to me to get even partways towards knowledge on this hideous subject.		
When is an appropriate age to start drinking alcohol		In your opinion when do you think is the most appropriate age to start drinking alcohol? Im talking about the light stuff, not beer or wine, like Cruisers and stuff. When i say start i dont mean you have to drink at that age i mean its acceptable to drink at that age.		
Alcohol problems at 18		Ok firstly, please dont judge me. I am 18, and I drink a lot. If I went out alot maybe this would sound more normal. When I go out to partys/clubs it would be unheard of for me to not be totally drunk. During the day I get cravings to drink, but I dont always actually do it. I drink alone often during the day ( because I love the buzz) and Its also enjoyable to act sober in front of my family, they have no idea. Also show up to work quite drunk haha When I am semi nervous about something I will definitely drink before, including job interviews, first day of college, meeting up with someone I havent seen for a while. Also quite drunk while I write this (autocorrect) Have I got something wrong or were you like this at my age? Ty bebz xxxxxxxx		
Dont know what do do anymore with my alcoholic mom please please help.		this is a little long but no where near the whole end of it.... PLEASE from the bottom of my heart read this... my mom was always able to handle her alcohol her and my dad would always have a drink or two NOT a problem. it was a way of winding down. we moved to maryland and a year after we moved things went down hill quick..my moms drinking started getting out of control and she broke her foot due to her drunken stuper she got addicted to pills on top of that and got pulled over well she ended up in a ditch cops foundher and arrested her in 2011 and shes been on probation ever since.. she went to her meetings but stopped going she kept not following the rules or judges orders, so they kept tackin on 6 months and so on.. the 2 1/2 years my mom has went off the deep end.. shes almost died 3 times, shes been hospitalized time and time again to where almost everyday the medics and the cops were at my house.. it was embarrassing coming home from school off the bus for me and my twin brother and little sister.. we live in a neighboorhood so u know how that goes. its embarrassing, she would go to the neighboors house and steal alcohol she would wonder around there yard and she went o the back porch and fell over a big bush, shes fallen down the starirs twice like rolled head over heal.. she left the gas burner on stove on for an hour the whole house smelt like gas.. she was passed out. she ripped up most of our photo albums, including her and my dads wedding album, she threw all my dads military belongings and memiorums of my grandfather in the water.. ( we live on the bay) shes violent, shes hateful, she threatens all the time. doctors have said theyve never seen anything like her before and how bad shes in alcoholism, her liver is in worse shape they can describe. we had my mom go to al-anon meetings and they didnt work for ****. she went to a court ordered rehab for a month... she was okay for 2 months and relapsed and got worse... it was vodka... then beer.. now she switched to vodka. shes been in and out of rehabs. she has a warrant out for her arrest right now, but law doesnt give a **** around here. we went to the courthouse and there is basically nothing we can do... they have failed us. its up to my mom to get help but she wont. she thinks she doesnt have a problem, she thinks everyone else is the problem and she blames everyone else. she is extremely malnourished. she doesnt eat AT ALL. shes lost 50 pounds she lays and sleeps on the couch all day and doesnt move from that area. just drinks vokda. somehow she always has a way to get drunk. she drinks all day i havent seen her sober in months. except to when she wakes up honestly. ive been dealing with brunt of this since 10th grade and it has effected me mentally. i had to go to sheppard pratt ( mental health hospital) for drug abuse and depression same with my twin recently.. i almost failed the 11th grade and i have been upset and depressed ever since. ive lost all motivation and inspiration, i had a anywhere from 3.5 and higher GPA. my grades went down the toilet. i didnt do anything anymore. i isolate myself alot now. i graduated in may 2012. as the months go by i get worse and i cant take it anymore. im 19 and im still at myhouse doing nothing with my life. i want to so bad i wanna be successful. but i really got effected in high school because of her and i have been out of it ever since. my mom wont stop, shes been drinking more heavier each day. shes diabetic. she bleeds out of her mouth and nose, shes gone to the hospital with a blood alcohol content .20 and over all the time. my mom was my best friend and my inspiritation and motivation. now i cant do anything like this. our life was perfect. my dad is not as strong as he use to be and he cant handle it. he lost his job with the government because they said my dad was unstable, hes been so stressed because of my mom also. weve tried everything. im not a loser, im not a freeloader, ive never been exposed to this. idk what to do anymore i live in darkness. my brothers live in tennessee and were currently moving with with family up here to there. hopefully a change of environment is a good thing i dont know. but what options are left? my mom is killing herself, she doesnt eat,bathe,clean,cook, or talk to anyone.she is severely malnoruished and wont eat anything, she walks really slow, or hardly cant walk at all. shes put bleach in my dads food twice.and destroyed all our family photos and friendships. its heartbreaking i cant stop thinking on how she ripped up a whole beautiful wedding album filled with pictures of friends and family. she neglected to take care of my grandparents by not giving them there medication.. my grandfather is dead and my grandma has been in a hospital for months. i dont know her anymore...i once had high goals in life for college, its out the door with my motivation. i have no one to look up to. i honestly dont know where to turn and ive thought of suicide. please help.		
Dealing and living with my alcoholic mother		his is a little long but no where near the whole end of it.... PLEASE from the bottom of my heart read this... my mom was always able to handle her alcohol her and my dad would always have a drink or two NOT a problem. it was a way of winding down. we moved to maryland and a year after we moved things went down hill quick..my moms drinking started getting out of control and she broke her foot due to her drunken stuper she got addicted to pills on top of that and got pulled over well she ended up in a ditch cops foundher and arrested her in 2011 and shes been on probation ever since.. she went to her meetings but stopped going she kept not following the rules or judges orders, so they kept tackin on 6 months and so on.. the 2 1/2 years my mom has went off the deep end.. shes almost died 3 times, shes been hospitalized time and time again to where almost everyday the medics and the cops were at my house.. it was embarrassing coming home from school off the bus for me and my twin brother and little sister.. we live in a neighboorhood so u know how that goes. its embarrassing, she would go to the neighboors house and steal alcohol she would wonder around there yard and she went o the back porch and fell over a big bush, shes fallen down the starirs twice like rolled head over heal.. she left the gas burner on stove on for an hour the whole house smelt like gas.. she was passed out. she ripped up most of our photo albums, including her and my dads wedding album, she threw all my dads military belongings and memiorums of my grandfather in the water.. ( we live on the bay) shes violent, shes hateful, she threatens all the time. doctors have said theyve never seen anything like her before and how bad shes in alcoholism, her liver is in worse shape they can describe. we had my mom go to al-anon meetings and they didnt work for ****. she went to a court ordered rehab for a month... she was okay for 2 months and relapsed and got worse... it was vodka... then beer.. now she switched to vodka. shes been in and out of rehabs. she has a warrant out for her arrest right now, but law doesnt give a **** around here. we went to the courthouse and there is basically nothing we can do... they have failed us. its up to my mom to get help but she wont. she thinks she doesnt have a problem, she thinks everyone else is the problem and she blames everyone else. she is extremely malnourished. she doesnt eat AT ALL. shes lost 50 pounds she lays and sleeps on the couch all day and doesnt move from that area. just drinks vokda. somehow she always has a way to get drunk. she drinks all day i havent seen her sober in months. except to when she wakes up honestly. ive been dealing with brunt of this since 10th grade and it has effected me mentally. i had to go to sheppard pratt ( mental health hospital) for drug abuse and depression same with my twin recently.. i almost failed the 11th grade and i have been upset and depressed ever since. ive lost all motivation and inspiration, i had a anywhere from 3.5 and higher GPA. my grades went down the toilet. i didnt do anything anymore. i isolate myself alot now. i graduated in may 2012. as the months go by i get worse and i cant take it anymore. im 19 and im still at myhouse doing nothing with my life. i want to so bad i wanna be successful. but i really got effected in high school because of her and i have been out of it ever since. my mom wont stop, shes been drinking more heavier each day. shes diabetic. she bleeds out of her mouth and nose, shes gone to the hospital with a blood alcohol content .20 and over all the time. my mom was my best friend and my inspiritation and motivation. now i cant do anything like this. our life was perfect. my dad is not as strong as he use to be and he cant handle it. he lost his job with the government because they said my dad was unstable, hes been so stressed because of my mom also. weve tried everything. im not a loser, im not a freeloader, ive never been exposed to this. idk what to do anymore i live in darkness. my brothers live in tennessee and were currently moving with with family up here to there. hopefully a change of environment is a good thing i dont know. but what options are left? my mom is killing herself, she doesnt eat,bathe,clean,cook, or talk to anyone.she is severely malnoruished and wont eat anything, she walks really slow, or hardly cant walk at all. shes put bleach in my dads food twice.and destroyed all our family photos and friendships. its heartbreaking i cant stop thinking on how she ripped up a whole beautiful wedding album filled with pictures of friends and family. she neglected to take care of my grandparents by not giving them there medication.. my grandfather is dead and my grandma has been in a hospital for months. i dont know her anymore...i once had high goals in life for college, its out the door with my motivation. i have no one to look up to. i honestly dont know where to turn and ive thought of suicide. please help.		
Weed+alcohol+drugs= 10pts for someone with a knowledgable answer		I wonder what would happen if someone took drugs, like vicodin or even cocaine, and smoked a dime or 2 of weed and had a shot of alcohol. dont give out a lecture, im not intending to do any of them, i just want to know if you can actually feel all of the effects of each "drug" all at once?		
How can I keep my alcoholic husband away from our newborn			Im not certain where to start. I have been married for five months to who I thought was the man I was supposed to spend the rest of my life with. Things since have been really confusing and miserable. A month after we married we found out we were pregnant. I was all the emotions you could ever have imagined, scared, excited, happy, sad. We were going to have a family. My husband is a recovering addict. Before I met him he was addicted to opioids. He was clean for nearly a year when I met him, and life was wonderful. Since then he has switched his addiction from pills to alcohol. Things just suck right now. He is laid off and every bit of his money is going to feed his alcoholism and Im pregnant and struggling to keep us afloat. I kept all this in for about three months and things got so heated one night I left and went to my sisters house and spilled the beans. I want this man to get help and be the man I fell so in love with. I want a family with him. I dont NEED him, I want him and I know the difference. But I cant continue to live like this, especially with a baby on the way. She deserves to be born into a loving, nurturing home. Not the misery we have now. We fight daily, about booze and money. He is mean to me, never hits me, just batters me emotionally. My concern is, that if he doesnt seek help and try to get back on the right path, what in the world am I going to do when this child is born?? How can I let him have her when he cant even take care of himself? How do I prove him unfit? Do you understand what I mean? It would be better for me to stay and protect my child than have to let him have her and worry about if hes been drinking and if shes being taken care of? What are my options? I need help!!!!!	Additional Details I have had several talks with him. And maybe you are right about me knowing what I was getting into, but I wasnt with him for his potential. When he is sober he is the most amazing, caring man that I could have ever asked for. I dont understand what has tripped him up. He is stubborn and he admits he has a problem. He admits that he is the one ruining us. He knows the consequences if he doesnt get some help. Thats all I want, is for him to get some help. I know I cant help him, I know I cant make him stop. I know that the person he is when he is intoxicated is not the person that is in his heart. This is the thing: I have no problem raising a child on my own. I have a wonderful support system from my family and I know we would never need or want for anything. I have no problem being single. I have always taken care of myself and have always dug myself out of crappy situations. My NUMBER ONE concern is this baby girl. Does anyone know how the court systems deem someone unfit? There is no record of his problem? If our family falls apart, how can I keep him away from her??
I need some advice. Am I an alcoholic		There was a time, a few years ago, when I was going through an insanely tough time. I was intensely bullied at uni by my classmates and tutor and had no idea how to go about things. I thought I could cope but I couldnt. One night I was in my room trying to recover from the day I had just had when suddenly a clear thought came to me. It was more of an image than a thought. It lasted all of a split second. The thought was that the answer was at the bottom of a bottle. I saw that bottom, the bottle, empty, right in front of me but seen from above. It was like I was falling into that bottle to find the answer, which I would only know once my tummy was filled to the brim with alcohol. I cant get over how clear that thought was. It was as rational and as logical as the simplest of facts. I instantly also got a glimpse of me lying comotose on the floor in my vomit. I saw, suddenly, the long term effects of this road that seemed to pull me towards it. I saw my life in ruins. Everything I had ever hoped for or wanted becoming totally impossible because I was stuck at the bottom of a bottle. My clear thinking suddenly turned to total panic. I physically jumped back, away from that image of the bottle. I started to shake. It was like I had been electrocuted, or tried to stroke a rattle snake only to jump back when it lashed out to bite me. I paced around in my room shaking, terrified of my own mind. I couldnt believe I had thought that. I suddenly became very serious with myself and resolved there and then to never touch an alcoholic drink in my life. And that is exactly what I did for all of my time left at university (I was half way through my first year). Since I graduated I have had one or two drinks with a meal or perhaps on a special occasion, simply because I thought I should relax and not think of that experience. It has now been 4 years since and I still recall it as clearly as ever. However I am worried that I have planted some sort of seed. Or that I do have the personality of an addict which is why I am depressed and unable to change my life, mediocre and uneventful as it is. Am I an alcoholic? Should I seek help? Go to AA meetings?		
Im a recovering addict (mostly alcohol, pot and meth), now prescribed vicoden with refills.....		I have a unique, chronic, and varying pain situation right now. The doc even knows Im in recovery from other drugs. Opiates never were my drug of choice before, but that doesnt mean that can be now. Im VERY concerned about misusing it, but I feel it can be beneficial for a while and keep me productive. I dont want to: 1) get high 2) take too many and run out early 3) get totally hooked 4) quickly develope a tolerance and require something stronger. I anyone help me write down some rules and guidelines for myself. Any advice would be appreciated.		
POLL: Sex Addict or Alcohol Addict	 Insanity 		Sex Addict: You will have sex with ANYTHING that moves Alcohol Addict: Your family hates you because you drink too much :o CHOOSE ONE :D	
How would chronic alcohol abuse affect cholesterol levels		So, my mom found out recently that she has high cholesterol. Shes attempting to get it down on her own, though the doctor is having her take crestor anyway. She doesnt eat badly. Its maybe not perfect but doesnt really eat high fat or fried foods or anything like that. Now here is the thing with my mother: shes an alcoholic. She has been a drinker for probably about 40-50 years now (shes 70). Her parents were, too. My family has tried to talk to her about it, many many times, and she will simply not change. She comes home from work and starts drinking right away, and probably averages 3 handles of vodka a week. I guess my question is, could the alcohol abuse have lead to the high cholesterol? She also had open heart surgery about 2 years ago for a leaky heart valve, and the whipple procedure years before that. What other things could be alcohol related that could happen?		
TEEGER POLL; do you smoke, do drugs, drink alcohol			saw a question about this generation and thought id ask this. im 18, i dont smoke or do any drugs. i only have a beer if the football is on. (english football, im from the UK) i have never been drunk. i dont see the need. How about you? do you do any of that?	
Is ed sheerans song Drunk aimed at alcoholism I need a brief description any ed fans				
Drinking alcohol to stop me from being shy at work		YES I KNOW THIS SOUNDS STUPID, but please bare with me... I absolutely suck at small talk. I just dont know what to say. At my current job, small talk is important. When I drink alcohol I become more relaxed and sociable, so I was thinking I could have some wine, or a shot of vodka before I go to work. But this got me thinking: couldnt that lead me to becoming an alcoholic? Just want to hear your guys thoughts and perhaps some tips that will help me with small talk? Thanks :)		
How do young people get alcohol		I dont want any! Im 14 and I went to a party and everyone had alcohol and they are all the same as age me? How do they get it? How?		
People who have abused alcohol and drugs, what were your reasons to resort to these susbstances		Oh, I would like to hear about this, because I am working on an assignment on this (and some other issues closely related to this).		
Questions on becoming an alcohol and drug abuse counselor		Okay so I realize most jobs in this type of field require a bachelors or even a masters degree, but Ive noticed many community colleges offer an associates degree for this. I know certification varies state to state, the state I eventually want to live in is Connecticut. The requirements for certification says that you need 360 hours of approved education...does an associates degree cover that? It seems like a grueling process and Im not sure Im up for that. If it requires a masters degree...what exactly is the associates degree for. Also, there are student reviews on the program saying that they are employed, so its not just something thats transferred to a university. Any help is appreciated.		
How alcohol and drug effect Dissociative Fugue		I need your knowledge to help me with my research paper. I need information, examples and sources of this kind of topic.		
Alcoholic brother becoming a danger, what can I do		My brother is a serious alcoholic due to his ex-girlfriend dumping him and aborting his future son/daughter only to find out she had been sleeping around and the child may have not even been his...he had a very rough time and turned to drink. My worry is now that he is interfering with my exam grades and preventing me from sleeping nights before exams. My standard grade results were worse than expected in some areas where I had little sleep due my brothers loud and violent antics, hes also becoming aggressive and argumentative, he verbally abused me for believing independence was a bad idea, its increasing getting worse. My other worry is his health, he drinks a half liter bottle of alcohol during a drinking session along with whatever he can scavenge from other family members sleeping. In the morning hell wake up and his eyes will be yellow, hes showing signs of liver disease. What can I do? The doctors told my mum he has to come in willingly but its getting to the point where I feel he NEEDS the help, whether he likes it or not. Any suggestions?		
How to confront someone who is an alcoholic, a thief and a compulsive liar		so i have a friend that is an out of control alcoholic, not that he is drunk 24/7, but he drinks consistently to an extreme excess. on numerous occasions he has stolen things from EVERY single one of his friends, people he grew up with including me. stolen them from our homes, cars, gone into my moms purse, stolen stuff from my dad etc. every time he is confronted he lies and or makes up an excuse. the ONLY time he has ever returned what hes stolen is when someone catches him in the act. a few months ago he stole 4000 dollars cash from my close friend, (which was a cash gift for his grandfathers wedding) and never admitted to it. he has not worked/had a job for over 5 months, no money in bank account, yet somehow he purchases expensive beer, beer glasses, clothing, jackets, shoes, cigars etc. ive even witnessed his parents questioning him about where he gets all this money, and he also confided into one of my other close friends that "nobody else knows about all this money he has" all of this plus further blatantly obvious evidence leads directly back to him. how can i go about this in a manner which will not ruin our friendship, but get him to give back the money/admit to it and seek psychological help?		
My ex is trying to kill our baby with drugs/alcohol. PLEASE HELP		My ex became addicted to drugs and alcohol about a year into our relationship, prior to this she was really sweet and my high school sweet heart, she then became a very abusive individual and when I got her pregnant (on accident, the condom broke) she threatened to kill the child with drugs and alcohol if I left her. 1 month later, I left her because I cant be in a relationship like this, I want to have a solid career and I cant be with someone whos destroying themselves and refuses to realize it and seek help. Just now, she sent me a video of her chugging down a bottle of Vodka and said that if "I dont come back to her" shell kill this child with her consumption. The thing is, theres a chance she wont actually kill the child and that itll be born with all types of deformities and ailments, and on top of that she cant even take care of herself, much less raise a child. Her parents dont care about any of this (theyre into drugs as well) and Im honestly confused on what to do. I think abortion is wrong, but I dont want this child, cruel as it seems, Im still in college and Im studying medicine and I cant have a kid in my life yet. Im not ready. Should I try and convince her to get an abortion? or could I contact the police and have them put her in some sort of rehab and then find a good place for the baby when/if its born? I realize that shes crazy and out of my life, but I cant turn a blind eye and let this happen with a clean conscience.		
Why are hardcore alcoholics usually skinny		Alcohol is loaded with calories... Im sure they eat in addition to the alcohol. So why are they skinny?		
Is it ok to leave my marriage because I think my spouse is an alcoholic		My spouse is functional and good at business (making money), I will also agree to 50/50 custody for our child. I know this will hurt them but I just dont care anymore, its about me and what I want.		
Is it possible that a mild dose of bupropion will cause a significant increase in craving for alcohol			Additional Details I was recently prescribed a low dosage for depression associated with Ptsd and I cant seem to get enough beer lately. I am normally a very light drinker. I just realized Ive drunk nearly 60 beers in two weeks.	
Why does my heart beat fast when drinking alcohol		i have a fast heartrate anyway 90-100bpm. but whenever i drink alcohol or after drinking alcohol my heart rate is really fast, maybe around 120bpm. i have norm blood pressure. howcome it happens with alcohol?		
If you crave more alcohol when you drink...		Does that make you an alcoholic. I only drink on Fridays and Saturdays but could I still be addicted to alcohol?		
Is it ok drink alcohol while taking cb1 weight gainer				
If someone is court ordered to a drug and alcohol evaluation		and is recommended counseling from the drug and alcohol center is it within the probation officers right and duty to call the center and insist a longer amount of counseling? for example she is recommended 3 months counseling can the probation officer call and insist she do 6 months or is that a violation of her right to due process as well as him abusing his power as a probation officer?	Additional Details by the way the judge ordered this evaluation by a certified center not the probation officer himself	
My husband is a drug/alcohol addict, he also watches porn excessively. I asked him to stop...he wont..		He plays with himself constantly right in front of me, it makes me feel bad, not good enough. He wont stop and now has become a compulsive liar too. He is and mean now we are getting divorced. I am sad, he dont care.. Ugh		
What is a drug and alcohol test		I already took the drivers ed course online in flvs.net and I was wondering what is a drug and alcohol test and is it easy to pass?		
If alcohol abuse is considered a disease, why wont my health insurance plan cover the treatment costs		I		
How badly has alcohol affected my body		Im a 17 male So 2 weeks ago I went to a party and drank about 6 midori shots and about 4 JDs and what ever and I drank a fair bit then the next weekend I drank 500ml of straight midori and then extra drinks, Ive only gotten drunk a couple of times maybe 3 or 4 times, Ive decided to stop but I want to know how badly those 3 or 4 times have affected my body??		
My friend is an alcoholic how can I help			He admits he has a problem and he is addicted to drinking he says. He drinks everyday. He likes to drink till hes black out drunk. He says when ever he gets his hands on money he will go buy beer and nothing else. Its bad in his case, he is a very heavy and bad problemed drinker. He steals beer too when ever the opportunity is there. He wants to become a normal moderate drinker or maybe even quit drinking.	
What is so good about alcohol that most of people like to celebrate any occassion with it			in my knowlegde it ultimately leads to impotence and various side affects(physical ,mental) to so why then have a habit or addiction just for fun which ultimately destroys fun in life at some point in life?... any opinions regarding addictive drinking?	
What is the official term for babies addicted to drugs or alcohol		I knit hats for babies addicted to drugs/alcohol because of their mothers and I wanted to put it on my resume under activities		
Help, cocaine and alcohol abuse		im 34 and have been using coke every wknd since im prob 18... feel like its getting worse now i stay awake for 4 to 5 days no sleep or food just plenty coke and alcohol.... im afraid im gonna be found dead, i have two young kids who i feel im letting down, all my family and friends are doin the same thing.. i really need some help. how have other people stopped snorting as my nose today feels like its gonna fall off..i know deep down what im doing is selfish but i cant seem to stop		
If you love her, leave her Alcoholism/codependency		Ive been dating on and off this one girl for about 8 months. We love each other dearly but the problem is she is an alcoholic. We had very similar childhoods so we relate on basically everything. We both had emotionally abusive alcoholic fathers. we are both 23 years old. After all the chaos of alcoholism i realized that I have issues of myself, that Im a codependent person. The sad thing is she was/is a codependent person. She told me that when she turned 18 she kept on dating many guys trying to desperately find love by helping them. she was lost and empty in life. She then turned to alcohol this past year, she is trying to help herself but i feel like im the problem now. I tried to help her with her problems at my own emotional expense... but ultimately i was basically trying to control her (at the time i didnt realize it) I truly love her with all my heart to the point i want to marry her. But I feel like the only way for her to be better is without me around anymore.... forever...... I feel heartbroken that i may have to leave her and shocked/sad that I have an addiction myself.... What should i do?		
Poll: do you find it more sociably acceptable for someone to be addicted to eating or alcohol			Like a fat person who doesnt excercise who eats junk constantly or an alcoholic that stays in shape but drinks every day, which is looked upon worse in your opinion?	
I spent my paycheck on alcohol		I recently found out that, because of one little word in the original offer, I wouldnt be making what I though. So my response was to spend the money I had (that wasnt for rent) on alcohol. I put the money for rent and transit aside and, instead of getting food, bought alcohol. I dont want to be deemed an alcoholic (my dad was an alcoholic and my brothers are recovering drug addicts). Im the one kid that didnt turn out with an addiction, but to spend my paycheck on alcohol? Im having second thoughts. Even now, Im drunk and its only 14:30. I moved for this job because I thought I was going to be making more. When I drink, Im not sad or anything. Im just content. Im happy and love everyone and everything. It will take two an entire paycheck (paid bi-monthly) to pay for rent. $100 for transit costs (until I get my card) and the other $400 for food and stuffs. I think I need help. Advice?	Additional Details You mean being sad about the fact that Im stuck in a city that can eat you alive and Im living paycheck to paycheck? Yeah...totally not something to be sad about. And thats even if I was using this money on food, instead.	
Does being an alcoholic always have to be a problem		If your a person who just loves drinking, because you enjoy the feeling and the rush etc, as long as your not stupid when you drink and you never bother people is it really a problem? I know that it will have a long term health effects and it causes financial problems, but otherwise?		
Lorazepam, Alcohol combination, safe		I plan on drinkin tonight, maybe 6-10 beer possibly, and have recently been prescribed Ativan for insomnia. I know that the drug itself has a nasty reputation for good reason and I dont even wanna take it, but if nessecary for sleep then I will. I just want to know if taking my presribed dose of 1mg to get to sleep after drinking will be harmful or not? Some insight on this would be helpful thank you! Dont worry about me abusing this drug either, wouldnt even think of it, thanks!		
Im at day 4 of quiting alcohol and smoking, experince advise question prefered		Now I dont want ppl to say see a doctor, I want to cold turkey this myself, alone. Now my question is about how long will the anxieties, light headedness in public places, shakes last? I been a regular drinker 8 years 1/2 liter gin before bed also Im on zoloft and xanax. Im strong at holding my own just taking the leap over the steps, ill stay on the anti depressants, but how long projected will this anxiety and cold sweat and dizzy feeling in public last? Im doing this for my job and myself.. any advise appreciated with ppl on first hand experience someway! Thankyou,		
How long do the sypmtoms of alcohol withdrawal last		Ive been drinking a lot for the last 8 months since my husband left me, at least 1 bottle of wine per night and much more on the weekends if I am alone. I came to a realisation on Monday when I woke up on the floor, freezing cold, not washed since Saturday morning that I need to stop, I have not had a drink since Sunday night, the shaking has stopped (mostly) but I cannot fall asleep and have night sweats/shivers which wake me up when I eventually do drop off to sleep in the early hours. I have no GP and my working hours make it impossible for me to seek medical help, can anyone advise how long it took them to over come similar symptoms or so. I am determined, I have resisted all urges to buy alcohol when I would normally back down. I know I am not the only one out there to struggle with alcohol abuse and would really appreciate some advice from those who have been through the same experiences.		
Craving alcohol... but i		I am craving alcohol...all the time i M thinking about it and howi want a glass...but in my lifetime i have only had one glassof wine...and two other alcoholic beverages which were more like smoothies with very little alcohol. Ever sincei turned 21 and had myfirst taste of alcohol iwant it. When things get stressful i was to go drink...im actually a little nervous about this. I have just recovered from an eating disorder, i had just stopped self harming, and just really started coping with severe anxiety....i feel like i am wanting to drink as a new destructive method of coping. So im not going out with friends but i want too soooooo bad and i just want to drink untili cant feel anymore! Im finnally becoming happy in my life. Im finnally back in school afte ryears of treatment and hospitalizations. Im finnally satisified with my body and proud of it even though i weigh more then when my eating disorder started. Is it normal to crave drinking could this be yet another bad copeing strategy? What should i do? Thanks....		
What do I do about my husbands alcohol problem		Im 23 years young, hes gonna be 32 in April, we have a 6 month old little girl and Im pregnant again. This was an unplanned pregnancy, so please dont judge me. Weve been married for 3 1/2 years, been together for 5 years. My husband has been drinking 375ml (about 12.68 oz) of nasty Canadian Mist alcohol everyday since Christmas! Im fed up. I left him last year, for 5 months (even had a baby in a different state, without him!) but that didnt change anything. He was still drinking behind my back. He would call me up on my sisters house phone and emotionally abuse me. Because of how he made me feel, I would self harm. I havent cut in over a year and a half. His drinking is causing me to have suicidal thoughts though. Ive even thought about giving my baby up for adoption and aborting the one Im carrying, just to get away from him. I cant do that though. I love my baby, and cant go through with abortion again. Im still grieving from the loss of what could have been a beautiful child. Our first born even passed away from a rare liver disease 3 years ago. But yet he still does this damage to his liver and thinks everythings okay? I dont know what to do about his drinking problem. Someone please give me some much needed advice, other than just leaving him. That wont help him or me at all.	Additional Details he refuses to go to AA meetings, or to church with me That was very hurtful George! He wasnt an alcoholic when I met or married him or even got pregnant. And this was an unplanned pregnancy. I WAS taking birth control. I didnt make this bed! And I REFUSE to lye in it any longer	
I need respondents to a survey I created about the effects of alcoholism on a family		http://www.eSurveysPro.com/Survey.aspx?i? Hi, am a high school student who is conducting research on the effects of alcoholism on family. Your answer will remain private and anonymous Thank you for answering my survey		
Please answer A question about alcohol!		Hello, Im having an issue. Usually, I leave water in the freezer because I like to drink cold water. Yesterday, I thought I was drinking my water, but it turns out, my brother had spiked his water with a little bit of vodka. I took it out, took a sip, and realized that it tasted kind of awkward, so I stopped drinking it. I took one small (ish) gulp. I felt fine, but then, when my brother told me why it tasted "funny," I freaked out. So, I accidentally took a sip of his spiked water. Will I be okay? Im a thirteen year old girl. Today, Im feeling kind of lightheaded, but I got my period earlier this morning. And I always have a heavy flow, and always feel lightheaded and bloated during my periods. Will one sip of spiked water harm me?		
Can a alcoholic still live a normal life			My mom drinks herself to sleep every night (usually goes through a box of wine and a few bottles a few). Shes also dating a ex helin addict. Shes lost all of her dignity and has a lot of darkness. Shes very skinny and her face is sunken in. I cant trust her. It confuses me because she still wakes up to go exercing every morning and still goes to work but when she comes home she does a few things and then starts drinking for the rest of the night. Its usually around 5 or 6. Is it possible for a alcoholic to do this?	
I feel really weird because I combined alcohol,meth, & NyQuil and puked a little blood what is going on				
What happens if you get caught with alcohol at school		First off I just want to clarify , that Im not bringing wine everyday. I dont really like it, but I have to drink it. I have this social anxiey , and its getting bad. Its really strong towards public speaking and going on the board. I think Im going Insaine . Every time the teacher is going to pick someone , I get so scared. Everything seems 3d and I feel like I will fall and I cant look up. Its terrible! I cant live like this. Soon its going to be this math presentation . Which includes explains the poster and doing a problem on the board. I cant do that. Last time I got called to the board, I turned real red and couldnt speak . My legs were shaking bad , as long with my hands. It was so humiliating. Its gotten so bad that when there are assembles if Im near the front row , I feel so akward I dont know what to do . I feel like I will fall or jump and I have to look at the floor with my eyes closed , holding onto something. I know its not normal . Now,Im thinking of killing myself . I have started cutting myself, but I have stopped for now . My dad is an alcoholic so yeah. Im not into drugs or beer , but what choice do I have? I Just want to disappear . The last times I brought wine , I didnt get caught. I put it in a water thing. You cant see inside. I dont want to go to juvie or something . Im not that kind of person and will never be. What will happen if I do get caught ?		
Can you fly alcohol in your from tijuana to cabo san lucas		I am flying to Cabo San Lucas from Tijuana in a month I waned to know if it was safe to take a bottle of whiskey inside my luggage and there wouldnt be any trouble at the airport.		
If my tolerence for becoming intoxicated is going up, is each drink of alcohol still just as unhealthy for me				
Is this a result of her alcoholism		A good friend of mine has a wife who is a high functioning alcoholic. She has gained a lot of weight in the last 4 years and her doctor has put her on a diet but.. I dont think she tells her doctor that she drinks to the point of passing out.. every night. I have seen pictures of her and she doesnt just look fat.. she looks puffy and her husband says her stomach looks like a beach ball. Is this her liver? I have a friend with Hep C and when it is acting up her stomach is distended in this way as well. She is in denial about her drinking and I believe her husband is as well. He seems to think she can stop. Simply because she can get up and go to work everyday. I really dont think this is a choice for her.. I dont think she can control this. Its not like she can stop once she starts. She will start with rum and add two bottles of wine to it before she passes out on the bed. I am worried about the whole family. She has a 12 year old son as well. And she stumbles around incoherently on many nights.	Additional Details He has begged her to get help and she sees nothing wrong with how she is. Drinking heavily runs in her family. She lost her sister to an alcohol related brain aneurysm in October and it has escalated her drinking instead of having the opposite affect. Her brother showed up at their house a few days prior to his sisters funeral having had 7 beer on the drive into town. And he had at least a 24 a day while at their house on the 3 days before the funeral. When the beer ran out.. he went home.. I have never had these kinds of experiences so I am in way over my head with all this.. I dont understand it. Neither of my parents drank to excess and I dont either. I am really out of my element with all this. He has no interest in Alanon.. he is very busy keeping the peace at home because she flies into what he describes as "uncontrollable rages". On New Years Eve, she fell into the Christmas tree following one of her outbursts. He has been dealing with this for years. Their son has asked his dad, why he chose her, and has asked if they can buy another house to get away from his mother. :( She seems to constantly be at the doctors. She usually abstains the night before she has an appointment. Which is apparently really hard for her to do. She gets really cranky and pissy. I dont think she talks about her drinking when she goes and I dont understand how they dont know this is an issue. Are there not physical signs of alcohol abuse? @ abijann Thank you for that information, that is very helpful. She does have issues with confusion and her memory already. She rarely remembers conversations accurately. Do you know if this is reversible?	
Can I get in trouble on a later date for supplying alcohol to minors if I didnt get a ticket that night		There was a party at my apartment that I share with my sister and her fiance. The neighbors called the police and reported a domestic disturbance. The police came and ended up arresting my sisters fiance for criminal restraint and domestic abuse. They are both 20 years old. I am 21, there was alcohol at the house and you could clearly tell that my sister was drunk when the police talked to her. I didnt buy their alcohol, but I want to know if I will get in trouble for allegedly supplying alcohol to minors because I was over 21 and my residence. The police didnt say anything about the alcohol, didnt ask if I supplied it, didnt even ask if I was drinking or if anyone else was drinking. They didnt give breathalyzers or those tests to tell if someone is drunk. I am nervous that I am going to get in trouble for something that I didnt even do. So I guess my question is since the police didnt do anything about the alcohol consumption of minors or supplying it to minors that night, can they charge me with anything when my sisters fiance goes before the judge to get bail set or go to court. I am guessing it is still an open case, so I want to know if I will be getting in trouble.		
How to stop casual / social drinking of alcohol		So im not a alcoholic but recently i have been in situations where i am binge drinking about twice a week. Now binge drinking to me i generally keep on a "sensible level" and really it is within the weekly allowance of units for a women however it is all in one go not spread over the week (i am a lightweight so i will get quiet drunk from what i have). I will have about 11-15 units in a week... i can go a month without drinking any units it simply depends on what i have been invited to etc. But recently i have noticed an increase and i want to stop. I am not addicted although the social crutch it gives me, the confidence, the fun times etc it defiantly will be difficult to see it go for those reasons. However i dont want to become "that girl" who is always doing daft things & of course i like looking after my health. Its only been the past year that ive woken up & thought i want to stop drinking. My job entails me to socialize with customers & get them to buy the clubs services & products at this nightclub & i make commission only... i have found drinking takes off my social anxiety and i sell much more when i have had something to drink. I am still learning & hope to develop my social skills without alcohol. I must admit i have had very pleasant times with alcohol & i wouldnt say i am never going to get drunk again because you know what lifes to short to worry if i get drunk here and there but here and there is fine... every week is not. The problem lies in the fact that social meet ups with my friends involve alcohol, when i try to organize something different its either very expensive or they are just not interested (like concerts, etc), i am not good at making friends & i do still wish to see my friends so cutting them out my life wouldnt be wise. Plus times are hard so i cant just drop my job. What would you suggest given the information i have provided?		
What is mental status of a girl who is chronic alcoholic and smoker		One of my friend is a chronic boozer and smoker. Initially i found it ok that she has this habit but later on her craving started irritating me. Her fakeness was getting revealed later on. It was heights when she fought with me in front of other colleagues just fir the sake of boozing. I discarded my relations with her totally. At one time we were true friends even roommates and then had become true enemies. She used to make fun of me in front of everybody n abuse me but i never reacted to her. All of a sudden before few days in a party she came and started dancing wid me and said sorry. I was like its ok. And things are normal again. But i am not understanding her stake of mind. However for me what she did once will never change and will never become close friend of mine again. I can see she is not happy and satisfied with her life. I had helped her come out of depression once.		
Recovering from alcohol/substance abuse. I am a guitarist any songs to recommend 		Hey was just wondering have found playing music to be a good way helping me through my alcoholism. any songs i should learn? i love classic and alternative rock and some metal. country is ok if there good just not into pop singer stuff.		
Why do I have the desire to do drugs and alcohol		It could be because Im bored in life but the feeling wont go away. Ive been feeling like this for months. Im afraid to even try them because I become easily addicted to other things and become obsessive sometimes to the point where I cant control myself.		
Alcohol and drugs being addictive		Im writing a research paper on addiction and I just want to be clear on this. Why is alcohol considered to be an addictive substance? I read that alcohol itself isnt addictive, but the feeling it gives you is. If thats true, how come something like self-harming isnt considered an addiction? Also, what is it that makes drugs addicting. Sorry if this is a stupid question.		
Alcohol related aggression problems.		Me and my girlfriend are having major relationship issues. There are a lot of underlying problems, little things we have both done wrong in the past but recently Ive become aggressive towards her when highly intoxicated with alcohol (shouting, verbal abuse and hitting walls). Is this down to my loss of inhibitions or am I a horrible person? This has never really happened to me before and I wouldnt consider myself to be an aggressive person at all sober. Im taking actions to stop drinking altogether because Im scared of how I act under the influence. Unfortunately I am surrounded by a drinking culture at university. I feel it may be a result of me bottling up my anger at issues when sober and then allowing all the problems to build up for when Im drunk. Im really worried about it and feel very guilty and like Im a terrible human being constantly. Do I need psychological help? Anybody else had problems like this?		
How can I donate my time to talk to high school students about the danger of drugs/alcohol		Ok so I was a great high school student, graduated 17th in my class with a 3.8 gpa, and 28 on my ACT. After high school I went to college where I smoked marijuana for the first time. I liked it a little too much got mentally hooked(bought a bag the same day of my first smoke), I got into the wrong crowd tried numerous more dangerous drugs:Robotrip(I did a couple times, actually overdosed one time),shrooms,snorting:Vicodin,Zanys,Per? drugs, bath salts, synthetic smokes, alcohol(actually had my first drink at 15). Ive been about crack and heroin(never did it). Anyway if I was talked to in high school about drugs by an actual person my age, and not an older teacher then maybe I would have decided nah i dont want this. Maybe it would have been more "real", you know? Is there a way I could try this, or talk to my old high school? Would I have to persuade them, how does things like this work? I am currently in substance abuse counseling, and am trying to introduce positive things into my life to ensure that I dont relapse. Thanks for any serious answers		
What is a doctor that treats drug and alcohol abuse called				
Do all women drink alcohol		It is in my opinion that most women abuse theyre liver with a horrible toxin called alcohol. Yours?	Additional Details Hahah i love all of your answers your so funny. But yeah basically everyone drinks where im from. Thats the wondering. Thanks!	
I need seven rason on why it should not be illegal for 18 years old to drink alcohol		three reasons to justify the claim and three to go against it		
Is this too much alcohol for a person a week and what effects can it have		I pretty much know this is but every weekend starts with an 18 pack of beer and a bottle of 99 proof liquor, sometimes an added fifth. During the week on average about 2 or 3 days it will usually be a box of Steel Reserve or a fifth of liquor. While this involves drinking with other people the person drinking usually drinks about 70-75%. Sometimes these can be consecutive days. Im also wondering if its possible for this person to lose their tolerance to alcohol by drinking this much. Any help is appreciated. Concerned friend.		
Teenager alcoholics 		I mean how would you know if you are one? Im not a heavy drinker and it doesnt affect my school work. Ive never had a hang over, I only drink enough to get a buzz. Ive only had about 3-4 drinks in the last 30days. I took a self-test for teens(I only found one) and I scored 11 and it said over 5 and you could have an alcohol problem but I hardly drink it and I dont consider myself to be dependant on it. So basically just what are the signs of teen alcohol abuse? I already asked this but there were no answers... Oh and p.s. I took the test out if curiosity after having a drink because I think that I probably drink more often than any of my friends do. P.p.s my dad has at least one alcoholic drink a day. I dont know if he is an alcoholic or not but he always drinks it :/		
DO LECTURES AND ASSEMBLIES HELP STOP DRUG AND ALCOHOL ABUSE			In high school does hearing horror stories and lectures on what alcohol and drugs do to you make an impact on you as a person, or does it fly right over your head? What do you think are ways to actually make even a slight impact on a teen with this topic?	
HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS: DO LECTURES AND ASSEMBLIES HELP STOP DRUG AND ALCOHOL ABUSE			In high school does hearing horror stories and lectures on what alcohol and drugs do to you make an impact on you as a person, or does it fly right over your head? What do you think are ways to actually make even a slight impact on a teen with this topic?	
Who gains by the charge per unit on alcohol		Many people buy alcohol to drink at home, this does not mean they drink to excess so why does everybody have to be penalised by the unit charge. Its about time the people who abuse the system are held to account. I for one enjoyed a glass of wine with a meal, now I find the cost exorbitant, and with the price raised so much I will not be buying anymore. This charge has one aim, and that is to try and put more money into government coffers. RIP OFF BRITAIN strikes again.	Additional Details No delusion Tony, when have you ever seen a reduction, also I do believe price per unit to be 50p.	
Why blood work and no consumption of alcohol 		I asked this girl that I know to meet me out for a drink one night and she said that she "could not drink right now" which was odd cause she normally joins us once or twice a week for a drink or to. A week ago she posted on Facebook about having blood work done. And has said that she has "issues" that she is dealing with and will tell me about then later. So why would someone need blood work and not be allowed to drink?		
How long does alcohol poisoning last		I drunk a few beers on saturday, and then for the last 45 minutes i had about half a litre of vodka.. I still feel sick the saturday after, why is this? P.S i had pain in my chest and heart on wednesday.. Thanks..		
Facts on Alcoholic End Stage Liver Disease				
Why do alcoholics like alcohol/		What makes them do this? What encourages them to drink so much? How is it so popular? Where does the name alcoholic come from?		
How would a Social Determinants of Health Perspective analyze alcohol abuse		I need to analyze what is the models purpose and what are its strengths, if one must rely on behavioural issues and "anthropological" reasons for alcohol abuse?		
Terrified of alcohol, or getting drunk...		In 2011, I was a hardcore liquor drinker for a little over 8 months. I use to drink all day every day and all night. I looovvveeeddd partying. I smoked weed more than I drank, until someone got me to try synthetic marijuana... I became addicted to synthetic marijuana along with being an alcoholic. For the next 3 months I slowed down on drinking and was smoking what we called tweed all day to trip, not even to just get high... I did this every day. Went through about three to five 5-10 gram packets a day. Depending on how much money me and my friends could hustle... December 2011 I quit everything because I had a horrifying side effect from the tweed that made it so I couldnt stand up for about an hour or I would black out while I was high. I began having panic attacks and even instantly stopped smoking cigarettes after one intense panic attack that lasted for about 4 hours and I had to go to the hospital and get a shot of phenergan to calm down... Ever since all that happened I did start smoking cigarettes again but I cant even enjoy smoking marijuana and I have sense forgotten how it feels to be drunk, though I do vaguely remember some times I had really enjoyed from the past... I am only 19 now and I feel that I really messed up a big part of my life. I feel that I did take it too far and I really regret over doing it with everything. Most of all I regret smoking synthetic marijuana... Now, Im terrified of drinking. I took two jager bombs one night recently and made myself throw up because I started having a panic attack... Is there anybody else that can relate to this? I feel like Im the only one... I miss feeling worry free and the psychosis I got from the tweed has completely changed me. I just want to be able to enjoy my younger years while I can but Im afraid I wont be able to get past this... Can anybody help me... I dont need to be lectured, because life has shown me enough of a lecture from this, I just need help possibly getting past this. I know I was stupid and probably ruined myself for good, Im just hoping theres a chance thos can be fixed maybe...		
I Take Clonazepam and Alcohol (Sleep Disorders and Depression). What Can I Do		First off, I want to set the record straight that Im NOT abusing these drugs intentionally. But what I do have is sleep apnea and anxiety disorders. It gets complicated, so here I go: I treat my sleep apnea with a CPAP. But after many, MANY visits to sleep studies and doctors, they still cant figure out why I still feel like crap (shallow breathing issues). As a result, I had to take anxiety pills (clonazepam) to relieve the stress created due to sleep debt/sleep deprivation. And although alcohol has been in a part of my diet for a while, it is now being used as a pain reliever. The end result: Depression. Ive been going through this ordeal for the last 5 years, and now Im beginning to feel that death is the only way. Let me be clear that I am not some crazy husband thats going to go mad and lose it: I have a great job. But because of sleep apnea, I continuously take these pills to relieve the anxiety. Coffee is a no-go because of the sudden panic attacks Ive experienced recently. And now, I had to leave my job and seek something more doable for now<SEMCOL> as a consequence, our income has suffered. My wife and two kids need income. Because my life insurance premium covers suicide and the fact that my life insurance premium is huge, I feel its the only thing I have left. Even with a technical/business degree, a great track record on my resume, and former military solider in the Army, I now feel lost, useless, and empty. I counter it by trying to be strong and I continually try to fight this weak emotion, but with reality sinking in, they need to be covered. Im doing it for them<SEMCOL> its not the best or smartest thing to do, but what else can I do? I dont have anymore money to spend to try and fix this sleep apnea issue. I dont have any more time. What I would LIKE to know if there is some physical therapy that would fix this so I dont have to take these pills anymore and not feel this way anymore. Ive never tried Yoga or anything else like, it..but is there anything I can do to fix this illness without going to surgery. Im not overweight nor do I have an abnormal face, throat, neck, etc. At age 36 is when I started noticing these issues and there should be no reason why I cant breathe normal anymore. No, I dont want to commit suicide, but if I cant fix this..what else can?		
Why does keith urban look so young for 45 he was addicted to cocaine and alcohol. thought these things aged 1				
Why do alcoholic live so long		Ive known many old timers who are alcoholics, they seem to live into their 80s. Youd think that much booze going through the ole liver would put em down under early but nope. Why is that?		
Curious about my alcohol		Ok ill try to make this as short as possible. Ive been SOBER for 2 YEARS since my last DUI. Ive had 1 conviction. Lately ive been wondering if i am really an alcoholic or alcohol abuser. Ive researched this for the first time and i seem to be on the border line. The thing is ive never tried to cut back until i went to rehab. After i left rehab, i didnt feel the urge to drink again. I actually had the urge help my friends learn how to have fun soberly. I went to  and enjoyed it, understood it and really got a lot of things that i still use to this day. I havent gone for the past 4 months and have not had the urge to get drink. To drink Alcohol yes. I have a higher power and I dont want to go out and party and get drunk anymore, i just want to on occasion have a drink or two with some friends. I dont want to hang with the people who only drink and party anymore. I want to make sober friends or people who only drink on occasion. I admit that i did once abuse alcohol , at that point in my life i didnt have a job or much responsibility and was just bored with a friend. Didnt drink everyday only on weekends. But now i see it from a scientific point of view and spiritual view. I really am curious because i really want to get this over this mystery so i can move on with my life. I am going to have a ignition system put in my car when i get my license so i understand i wont be able to drink while i have errands to make , im fine with that. I was considering just asking a friend out and just getting a drink without telling my parents. But I know that is not how i want to approach the people who have helped me the most with this issue. I would like to sit and talk with my family about this if i am going to give moderate drinking a go. I dont want to hide anything from them. Any advice thanks, no trollers thanks.	Additional Details I love doing this sober now, like playing my guitar. I never want to play my guitar drunk again because i know i am trice as good sober. Ive found a new look on life without alcohol and believe i can continue this with my spirituality leading the way. I have heard that that non alcoholics would not have a dilemma but i wonder how can you not have this dilemma when i never questioned it after going to rehab. I just stayed clean, and it was EASY. I m just confused and it bugging me because i dont know if i am or not alcoholic.	
I have an addiction to alcohol		Two years ago I wasctold I have early signs of liver damage. Im alcohol dependent but I only drink at nightb( about 2 bottles of wine sometimes vodka too) my question is, will I get really poorly if indontbstop drinking? My previous test results said I have enlarged blood cells) I just cant stop drinking Im in a mess please help. My husband is also alcohol dependent but is having two nights a week off drink	Additional Details Forgive the spelling mistakes Ive been drinking as usual	
Do you consider alcohol a drug Should greater controls be placed on the sale of alcohol				
I am a teen alcoholic		I am 16 and addicted to alcohol. I love the taste of wine and the feeling of being drunk. Its like all my problems are out of my mind. I cant stop drinking how can I find help		
Abuse of benzos, alcohol, dxm, and meth...		ive abused benzos, alcohol, dxm, and meth...sometimes all together...ive overdosed on various medications, such as celexa and wellbutrin...for about 3 years. im now sober but ive noticed a drop in energy, trouble breathing, a tight feeling in my chest, blowing blood out of my nose every morning, loss of appetite, lethargy, and irregular heart beat i guess you can say...what could the underlying problem be? i also have been chain smoking for the past 3 years aswell,..im pretty sure these problems are from all the drugs/alcohol/overdoses ive done...i dont have the money to go get checked up by a doctor right now, so im asking here. please dont judge my past, ive done what ive done and i know it was stupid.		
Is being an alcoholic worse than being a heroine addict		I read an article on the internet that alcohol is worse than crack and heroin, I find that very hard to believe, Im 17 years old and I drink a bottle of Baileys every day which I really shouldnt do but I enjoy it, so is being an alcoholic, worse than being a heroine addict?		
Can I drink alcohol after taking midol		Okay so I took a midol at 7 am today. And Im going to a party around 10 pm. I looked up Information and it said I can drink alcohol 12 hours after I took the pill. MIND EVERYONE, I TOOK ONLY 1 MIDOL PILL. THAT IS 220 MG OF PROXEN. So I dont think its that harmful.		
Why do people really get addicted to alcohol				
Alcohol is considered a what				
Florida Permit, Drug and Alcohol Test!		1. Safety belts are designed to allow the areas of your body to absorb the forces of a crash. a. True b. False 2. Most drivers have a reaction time of ______. a. 1.5 seconds b. 3 minutes c. 5 seconds 3. Blood alcohol level describes the amount of _____ in a persons blood expressed as weight per volume. a. alcohol b. sweat c. water 4. Impaired drivers do not make dangerous maneuvers in traffic. a. True b. False 5. THC influences________ by action on the limbic system of the brain. a. urination b. emotions c. hunger 6. Each driving infraction causes ____ to be placed on your license. a. stars b. points c. tickets 7. Brakes are not important to the safety of a motor vehicle. a. True b. False 8. On long trips, you should take a break from driving every two hours. a. True b. False 9. Bicycles are classified as ____________. a. vehicles b. pedestrians c. animals 10. Per mile traveled, the number of deaths on motorcycles is about ____ times the number in cars. a. 16 b. 2 c. 6 11. Almost _____ 16 to 20 year olds were killed or injured in the year 2000. a. 20,000 b. 160,000 c. 1,000 12. Signaling well in advance can help reduce the risk of someone running into you from behind. a. True b. False 13. In the United States,___________ pedestrians died in the year 2000. a. 4,739 b. 2,000 c. 3 14. The driver should reduce speed when traveling on a narrow or winding roadway. a. True b. False 15. A common depressant is: a. Alcohol b. Cocaine c. Heroin 16. Always test you brakes ____ after driving through deep water. a. lightly b. firmly c. with great pressure 17. Constantly __________ the road ahead of you to look for possible driving situations. a. scan b. ignore c. procrastinate 18. To reduce the risk of someone running into the rear of your vehicle, you should_______. a. check your brake lights often to make sure they are clean and working properly b. ignore what is going on behind you c. both a and b are correct 19. A common type of injected drug is: a. heroine b. morphine c. both a and b are correct 20. A person with a drinking problem often_____________. a. becomes secretive b. has trouble sleeping c. both a and b are correct 21. Hallucinogenic drugs alter driving ability due to causing delayed reaction time of the driver. a. True b. False 22. _______ account for an abnormally large amount of pedestrian deaths. a. Elderly people b. Babies c. Teenagers 23. ______ traffic light indicates vehicles may proceed. a. Green b. Red c. Yellow 24. You can be found guilty of impaired driving if the state can prove_________. a. you were presumed impaired while driving based on alcohol level b. your ability to hear, see, walk, or talk is below normal standards determined by the state c. both a and b are correct 25. Alcohol is a commonly used stimulant. a. True b. False 26. It is not your responsibility as a driver to make sure that all children are properly restrained or secured with a safety belt in your vehicle. a. True b. False 27. The shift from social drinking to problem drinking has nothing to low with self-esteem. a. True a. False 28. It is ____ to drive beside a motorcycle that is in the same lane as you. a. permitted b. illegal c. legal 29. Safe following distance depends on road conditions. a. True b. False 30. Abusing alcohol and drugs is sometimes an attempt to numb an individuals real problems. a. True a. False 31. Always test your brakes after driving through deep water. a. True b. False 32. When the use of a drug goes beyond recreational or occasional, the use has turned to ___________. a. abuse b. dependence c. addiction 33. _________ is an example of good traffic courtesy. a. Blocking passing lanes b. Using your horn sparingly c. Tailgating 34. When passing a motorcycle _________. a. throw dirt or debris on the rider b. cut the rider off c. do not pass so close as to throw debris on the rider 35. Greater stopping distance is needed when driving in the rain. a. True b. False 36. Drivers who run red lights do not endanger other drivers. a. True b. False 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. thr 3 years ago Report Abuse Additional Details 37 got cut off 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. three to five times lower c. no different 38. ___________ may be the most important factor in collisions. a. Speed b. Brakes c. Speakers 39. A common weapon used in traffic altercations is: a. firearm b. motor vehicle c. both a and b are correct 40. You must have $10,000 Bodily Injury Liability if you are in a collision and are at fault. a. True b. False		
What are the serious effects from alcohol				
Can heavy alcohol, smoking and drug consumption on a daily basis kill you		My dad drinks around, 6-8 pints of beer a night, smokes approximately 20/30 roach fags and 4/5 joints of cannabis every single night. It has been this way for 10 years + and he uses amphetamines at least once a month.,, what is this doing to him? Wll it kill him? Hes 54 now, does he even have long left? Im worried as both his parents died in their 60s		
How to get weed and alcohol out of my system by 1 day 				
My dad is an alcoholic and wont get help, any advice		My father has been a alcoholic for all his life. He switched to hard liquor just three years ago so now he can barley walk, eat, do things. And he is a diabetic so he doesnt pay attention when he is drunk to what he eats. He will even get up early in the mornings on his day off of work to go drink. He manages to keep a job but before he couldnt he would go to work drunk. Then finally me and my grandma got him committed. He went to rehab for a month and stayed sober for three months. He relapsed septermber 2012. He drank almost everyday since. Luckily not to work. My grandmother moved now its only me to help. Im his 18 year old daughter. He says suicidal things when he is sober and when he is drunk. Im scared im going to lose him. Im so prepared that i will get a phone call one day that hes in the hospital. I feel like its so hard for people who have to deal with alcoholics and so many people give up on there loved ones because they really have no control. But im not giving up i have hope. I ask if there is any advice on how i can get him help. he wants the help he tells me.. but he never calls. He had a dwi once and im so scared that he will get another one and hurt someone this time. There has to be something i can do to get him help. he is an addict. What are some things i can do to get him help cause he wont do it himself? is there any?		
Im a recovering alcoholic/addict		My brother has also been (and many more in my family) an alc/addict....his abuse has progressed so much in the past yr... My Mom (disabled and was bedridden) passed from pneumonia from aspiration on Jan 20 this yr. My sister got my brother straight enough to be ok up until one day before her service....she had one in fl and one in ga, where we grew up....My brother , while my sis, fatherand i were gone to make arrangenments got drunk and b4 we got home got in a figh with a neighbor lady and police came and put him in jail, so he missed both services...he went to ga to a rehab and went ama after two wks...he left with a girl in treatment and went to Arkansas and returned recently....my ffather is pickin him up in ga to bring him bk to fl for court on 3/15....I dont know how to act around him...im angry and still feel pain for him...any suggestions...		
Alcohol is nothing but trouble..so why does everyone worship it		It causes car accidents, breaks up families, brings out the worst in people...so why is it more socially acceptable than pot?		
Can alcoholism cause loss of time perception		Maybe this is not the right term, but let me explain. As of recent, I have found myself having a hard time realizing what day of the week it is - I keep losing track on days where my agenda would be the same. (example: I get my mondays and tuesdays mixed up, ditto for fridays and saturdays. I keep forgetting what day it is but clue in). Also, some things that happened a week or two ago very much feel like they happened yesterday. Its not that the events that came between the present and what i am remembering are gone, just the event I am thinking of seems a lot closer! Ill admit I have been hitting the bottle as of late. Not every day or anything though... but anyways these features are all very new, so am wondering if it is possible it is tied to alcohol abuse or anything of the sort, and if there is a name for this. Or, if it is all just a coincidence?		
How does alcohol and drug abuse affect someones physical, intellectual, emotional and social needs		This is in aid of my health and social studies coursework. As the question says, I want to know how alcohol and drug abuse can affect someones P.I.E.S needs. Just a brief desription will do, and Id be might grateful. Thank you :)		
Is there a job that helps people who are addicted to drugs or alcohol			I have always wanted to go into law enforcement (federal and a detective) but I have been experiencing the affects of alcoholism and possibly some drug use in one of my parents. I go to alanon but my mom is in denial. Ive been thinking of helping those addicted to drugs or alcohol to get better (off drugs and stop drinking). What jobs are there that would have me do this? And what type of degree would I need? I am currently a first semester freshman in college and my major is criminology and criminal justice with a concentration in community corrections	
I am attending recovery for alcoholism,is it wise to give my number to my peers		I am in early recovery for alcohol and attending a day recovery program. One of the case managers said in group to one of the addicts who was having problems, "Its about time you got some numbers from your peers!" This made me panic, I felt anxious that I would get bombarded by her dramas and I have enough of my own. We are told in early recovery to be selfish and protect ourselves as this could be a trigger for me I feel.. I am upset because I dont think its one of the rules of the program and I thought the case manager could be bending the rules a bit because she knows her from before she signed up for the program. I spoke up and told her how I feel and now I feel like the case manager has the shits with me. She is also giving up cigs and on day 4 and I sense she is being catty to me. I kind of want to quit the program now because I feel it was unfair. All of us have to attend AA meetings twice a week as part of our recovery and she hasnt attended them, and thats where she could meet a Sponsor" who is in a position to help another addict. I am still early days and dont want to be called at any hour.. She is very dramatic and I dont trust this person. What do you think?? Thanks :)		
Capricorns and alcohol		is it normal for a capricorn sun to turn to alcohol when thing aint going right for them? can it lead to there downfall?		
Does anyone have personal alcohol withdrawal experience		I am at 48 hrs after my last drink. I drank atleast 10 standard drinks almost every day with only adding a little bit of water in it. I used to have these 10 drinks in less than an hour and now I can feel bit of brain damage. I had been drinking this heavily for last 8 months (for the first time) (I am 30 yrs old) Thanks for sharing your experiences...		
How hard is it to avoid becoming an alcoholic (No offense to anyone)		Admittedly I cant help but think that people who become alcoholics just dont have a lot of willpower. I know quite a few people who are recovering alcoholics (my father hasnt touched beer in eight years), and a lot of them, evidently, end up drinking again even after months of AA meetings and therapy. I dont get it. Alcohol isnt intentionally designed to be addictive like cigarettes are, so how can people get addicted to it so easily? Is it genetic?		
I been smoking crack for 6 hours and even if i drank alcohol or take xanax my heartrate wont slow down.			Should i ignore the rapid heartrate or keep smoking	
Why is marijuana illegal, when alcohol isnt		Marijuana isnt addictive, you cant overdose on it, there are far fewer health-related costs with marijuana, and its not linked to violent crimes, domestic abuse and sexual assault (unlike alcohol). http://www.saferchoice.org/content/view/?		
Do you think people who are addicted to drugs and alcohol have a disease				
Do Atheists fear God because they would have to give up Porn,drugs & Alcohol		I think it has to do with weakness, and that they would have to view women as humans instead of just objects eventually. Really, could you imagine having Bill Maher as a husband, he would treat a gal like total crap! He is probably the meanest person on TV to women, giving them the least respect, I bet he is addicted to porn and drinks like a fish!	Additional Details People who are alcoholics drink because they are not satisified with who theyve become. People who view porn have no love for individual humans- if they cant respect themself, they cant respect anyone else. My family doesnt look at Porn, my friends dont look at Porn. I dont live in sick society big city where Satan is dwelling trying to make being a pervert cool,its not cool and only the weak minded will use Porn to vent- not knowing the damage it will do to their life, its Satans tool.	
Would the world be better if alcohol was banned				
How many domestic abuse cases involve alcohol			Additional Details thank all of you for your answers to my questions thank all of you for your answers to my questions	
Why is drinking alcohol bad for you How does it hurt your liver		I know drinking is bad for you, and it destroys your liver i heard but why? What does it actually do to your liver and other organs which makes it kill you or cause alcohol poisoning		
Why do I hate drinking alcohol so much			Its so annoying being around somebody who slurs their words and acts stupid. Its understandable if they are nervous or have a disability but to be like this on purpose, I find it annoying. I have no sympathy for people who are not alcoholics who choose to drink and then complain about a hangover. I dont drink but was called no fun and all the names that go with it, including self righteous and judgemental. I tolerate drunks but find they just walk all over me. I tried to drink to fit in and cant understand why people would want to do that. You have no control over your mouth or your body and you still know what you are doing so the excuse of being drunk does not work. Call me old fashioned but I find drinking to excess downright stupid and immature. A glass or two to relax I have no problem with, All my family drink and I have experienced all the drama and abuse that goes with it. It is very hard to tolerate a family member who drinks all day and has no control over what they drink. If I say something they get personal back and say I eat too much.	
My father is an alcoholic, I dont know what to do anymore		My father has been abusing and dependent on alcohol ever since I could remember. One of my earliest memories of him was when I was 2 years old and he was very very drunk at a horse race, acting irrational, and being violent with other people. I have gone through this all my life. I have seen him beat my mom to a pulp, beat me up, hit my brother and sister, and hurt so many people with his addiction. He usually does not come home for some nights, and is always hung over. There is always beer and hard liquor in the fridge. I dont have much memories with him where he has been sober for more than a day. I dont live with him anymore because I am 20, in college, and living in another city. But I dont know what to do. Sometimes I hope that he gets very ill or gets cancer, so he can learn his lesson the very very hard way. But at the same time, I just want to get him help. He is always in denial of his issues, and he is almost 50 years old, abusing alcohol since he was 20		
Do alcoholics act like this			I came home from college for spring break. I didnt go back to my moms (where I was staying before college) because shes an alcoholic. I am now staying with my dad at his girlfriends. I noticed my moms drinking problem since the summer and in October my friend who is much older and I had to talk to a friend of mine who is a narcotics detective because my mom was giving my 15 year old brother and his friend alcohol and cigarettes. She was also giving me her xanax. The detective told me that it looks like my mom is on opiates (like heroin) because shes very skinny, her face is sunken in, her appearance has really changed, and her behavior is very messed up. Her boyfriend is a exheroin addict (current alcoholic) and drugs (especially heroin) is on the rise in the county I live in. There were 68 overdoses last year. My dad and his girlfriend drink as well but its different. My mom usually starts drinking around 5 or 6 every night and doesnt stop until she goes to sleep. She spends most of her money on alcohol and will even lie to get money for it. When my dad and I got to his girlfriends last night, he had a beer and that was all. I thought that he would continue drinking for the whole evening because thats what Im used to. Do alcoholics have a drinking pattern and they cant only have one drink?	
After liver inflammation from heavy alcohol abuse - once healed, can that person safely drink in moderation		The question is assuming an improvement in diet and overall lifestyle.	Additional Details abijann- what Ive quoted from you below is the closest input to what Im trying to touch base on. The question Im posing here is hypothetical. In real life though, Im sure any liver patient would be told to absolutely stay away from alcohol. But Im curious about the livers ability and capacity to heal itself. Supposedly the liver has a great capacity to heal and supposedly even if like 2/3rds of the liver is cut away, it will grow back! Thats amazing, but the liver is very important so thats not all that surprising. "....Once the liver is damaged, it may heal to a certain point, but it is not the same as being totally healthy like it once was...."	
What kind of drug or alcohol abuse causes worn down teeth little teeth that are all the same height		Ive seen people who are definitely on drugs who have teeth like this, what causes it?		
Alcohol Abuse Poster		I need to make a poster that targets teens to discourage the use of alcohol. My slogan is STOP.THINK.DONT DRINK. All I need now is design ideas and bold words to use..		
Alcoholic husband and Im pregnant with BPD		I have recently been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) which really explains NOT excuses my insane furious out lashes on everyone i have also found out im pregnant (5 weeks approx.) so my therapy consists of dialectic psychiatrists pretty much getting tips on how to control my anger i cant take medications and to top it all off my husband is under a lot of stress and releases it with alcohol TONS of it! when he gets really drunk he hurts my feelings calls me out makes me feel like dirt and makes me feel unwanted which is what ticks me to explode! I feel like i have no where to getaway and have to get rid of my hurt feelings so sometimes ill shove him or bite or slap him not with force but to make him shut up to grab his attention cause asking him nicely wont make him shut up. He recently began hitting me punching me shoving giving me bloody noses and choking me to get me back VERY noticeably because he will leave me with red swollen bumps in my mouth red slap marks in my face and my throat hurts really bad. He knows im pregnant i dont know why he does it...the obvious question is WHAT SHOULD I DO? I know the obvious is to get away but my issue with BPD doesnt let me im terrified of abandonment I dont want to leave my marriage am i the only one going through this?		
What natural remedies are good for alcohol abuse		my friend is trying to reduce her alcohol intake and wonders is there any natural medication that may help to reduce damage allready caused and assist in her desire to drink alcohol		
Should a mother who drinks and has a child born with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome be charged with a crime				
Does drinking alone during the middle of the day on a regular basis make you an alcoholic				Additional Details By regularly, I mean a couple of times a week.
Should we repeal age limits on buying alcohol		In Japan, beer and other alcoholic drinks are sold in vending machines. Anyone can buy them. Japanese parents sometimes send their children down to the local vending machine or corner store to pick up some alcohol for dinner. Japan has a much lower rate of youth alcoholism, youth DUI, and youth alcohol abuse than the US, even though the US drinking age is among the highest in the world at 21. Clearly, the American approach to controlling booze has failed. Should we adopt the more libertarian Japanese model? Why or why not? It seems like people who oppose the Japanese model in America hate Americans, and think that American young people are somehow genetically "worse" than Japanese young people, and would not be able to handle the freedom that Japanese youngsters enjoy. Thats racist, bro. Keep that in mind as you answer this question.		
True or False: Alcohol and drug abuse only affects intoxicated individuals 		Just one last question & Im finished (: Thanks Guys!		
I got alcohol term questions, any help		I got questions for alcohol(ic) term questions and I need someone to help me answer them. 1. What time does it takes for the brain to react to outside stimulus? (2 words) 2. 5 oz of this type of alcohol is considered 1 drink? 3. This is the disease in which a person is addicted to alcohol? 4. Occasional and excessive drinking is called ________ drinking? 5. The body organ that filters alcohol out of a persons body? 6. This is the condition where an unborn baby is exposed to alcohol? (3 words) 7. _________________________ dependency causes a person to actually need alcohol to feel normal? 8. Physical/Mental changes a person experiences from consuming alcohol? 9. persons mental/psychological processes that hold back actions, emotions, and thoughts? 10. An uncomfortable side effect of alcohol use which a person experiences after they have been drinking?		
I hate my mom, shes an abusive alcoholic. What do I do		My mom is an alchoholic, Im 14 years old. She drinks every single night and she makes a fool of herself to our neighbours and she always gets all grabby and annoying. I have been raised by her and she has always abused me (not very seriously but its becoming worse as I get older) we hurt each other and we get out of hand. Every night ends the same, her banging on my door with some stupid shitty point. We have a small dog who sleeps with me every night and she always stands at my door calling him but he doesnt want to go so she yells at me. Shes so stubborn and bitchy and we barley have any extra money so her always buying alchohol isint good because its expensive. The fridge is always full of alcohol and Im always left with nothing. We have iron in our tap water so I cant even drink that. She always tries to piss me off and she always calls me fat and theres no one there to referee because its just me and her in a tiny trailer home. Shes so nice when shes not drinking but after 7:00 she just turns into a monster because all that liquor sets in. Im worried about her liver and she wont admit she has a problem. I tried dumping all of it once but she just hit me and bought more. Is there anyone else out there who has a similar situation?? What should I do???		
Domestic Abuse & Alcohol- options		This is a strange place to ask something like this but I am sitting here wondering and maybe someone is sitting out there who has the answers. Suppose you lived with a chronic drinker who was very verbally abusive and had been for many, many years. In the past 2 years the abuse has increased and now encompasses at least 70% of all waking hours these 2 people are in each other?s presence. The abuser threatens to kill pets. This abuse basically stems from a miserable person with low self-esteem. By putting others down and telling them what to do the abuser feels bigger and more powerful. Picture a narcissist combined with a true bully. They are both normally weak on the inside and bullying provides them with a sort of ?fuel.? Now picture this individual drunk. A little bit drunk equals in-your-face blame, personal put-downs, and any other complaint or insult this individual can come up with, real or imagined. Seriously drunk equals death threats to you personally. Either equals an insanely angry individual with wild eyes, but with the seriously drunk add on wilder eyes and veins bulging out of their forehead. Neither seems to remember what they did the next day. Now imagine you have no way to leave? right NOW. Suppose there is a good reason for this, like maybe you are chronically ill and disabled, for instance, and need to make plans which will take a little while. Suppose you can handle the non-drunk abuse (you are kind of used to it although the worsening is about all you are willing to put up with). The drunk abuser is frightening. He cannot be near you when he is drunk. Time to put your foot down about coming home drunk, but your foot doesn?t work. You?ve put it down repeatedly. Begged, pleaded, and threatened. Even if he agrees not to come home again, which is rare anyway, a drunk doesn?t know what he is doing. He comes home drunk. So? for Right Now? some questions? Suppose you live in a small town where lots of people know each other. Things work a little differently in a town like that, so bear that in mind. You cannot, Right NOW, leave or get a restraining order for 24/7. Right NOW you need a way to stop him from coming home DRUNK (only) while you make plans to do something else more permanent. While plans are being made treading carefully is a bit important. No major boat rocking. You have thought about going into the police station for a chat. Sort of to fill them in and basically tell them that if you call them they should come right away. Would that do any good, do you think? You aren?t filing a police report, just kind of informing them (It wouldnt be a police report, right?). If it isnt an actual police report would anyone pay attention? Keep some sort of record? They would probably recommend a restraining order, which is also not possible Right NOW, at least not all of the time. Is It Possible to get a restraining order against someone which is in effect ONLY when they have been drinking, even if only a little? Some sort of legal (I would say "or not legal" but legal would probably be best considering the likely future of things ) way to Keep someone from being allowed to go somewhere when they Have been drinking that they Can go to if they have Not been drinking? Ever heard of such a thing? Please explain. Other Ideas? PLEASE DO NOT REPLY WITH 24/7 retraining orders, going to a shelter, etc?, or leaving in any way. You cannot do that Right Now. Of course you will leave while the abuser is home and drunk, but that causes great difficulties for you. What do you think about the chit chat with the police? If its a good idea what do you think would be the important info to relay while there? What do they want or need to hear, and what can they actually do? Can they track down the abuser (not difficult in your small town) and have a chit chat with him themselves telling him not to go home if he has been drinking? Does anyone know if they can do that? In your state, if the police are called for a domestic violence issue they MUST arrest someone. Arrest... time in jail... lots of fines... take away all firearms... temporary restraining order which can be lengthened according to the judges wishes. It does seem like the police simply talking to the abuser as a way to potentially prevent a mandatory arrest situation might be far easier, if they can do that, that is. I?ll bet you would love to hear a reply from a police officer! Genuine answers only please.	Additional Details Thank You for the reply. I accidentally listed this in the wrong category and you have been the only response, which I appreciate. I did not know someone could be arrested for cruelty to animals. He didnt actually hurt them though, so would that count? That would be good to know but he is my sole source of support and if he is arrested and subsequently looses his job where does that leave me? He has to stay out of jail and working, now and after I leave. Once the legal separation is done I should be OK, IF he stays employed. I need a way to stay protected from him while drunk until I can get the legal financial separation and my new home arranged. I should have simply said that in my original question.	
What are you addicted to, for me its alcohol				
Why is selling alcohol legal in Russia		I think selling alcohol in a country with huge alcohol abuse history is counterproductive. Why doesnt the government at least limit the number of vodka bottles or whatever else sold per person?		
Do you think we should stop treating Drug/Alcohol abuse as the same way we treat sexual education		Most Schools in America treat Sexual Education as "Abstinence is the answer" and thats it<SEMCOL> the same way as most schools in American treat Drug/Alcohol/Smoking as "Their bad". Should we stop treating Drug/Alcohol and Smoking the same way we treat sexual education? By showing graphic pictures of the consequences of Drinking/doing drugs or smoking...		
What are some good sad movies about teen addiction (drugs, alcohol, sex, etc)		Something about being addicted to drugs, or being rebellious, getting in trouble, hating life, sad, love, hospitals, whatever. Need some of these movies to watch for inspiration to write a paper. Thanks!		
Both of my parents are recovering alcoholics so does that really mean I could become one too		Both of my parents were addicts before I was born (in fact they met in a halfway house). They both got treatment and recovered (again before i was born) so Ive never been around drugs or alcohol. Theyve raised me constantly beating into my head the dangers of alcohol and drugs. Theyve been very open about it in talking about it with me and raising me. Ive drank maybe once in my life and that was just being a dumb teenager. But I turn 21 soon and wanted to know how much truth, if any there was to the idea of me becoming an alcoholic since both of my parents are recovering alcoholics. Thoughts? Facts?	Additional Details To be clear I have no intention of ever drinking in excess. I just want to know if once I turn 21 is it safe for me to casually drink sometimes or should i ust continue to avoid alcohol like the plague. Also my family has always been really stable. We had little to no money when I was little but nothing thats been emotionally damaging.	
Are alcoholics addicted to alcohol or the feeling of being drunk				
How to give up alcohol when youre young and not an achoholic		I want to give up drinking because im sick of the embarrassement, the headaches, and the dent it leaves in my bank account. I hate that I have to rely on it to have fun on nights out or parties, but then I always have to much, or in some cases too little, and end up doing something stupidly embarrassing and become a laughing stock for the next few days. The thing is, there is always alcohol at every social event I go to, and I imagine it will be hard not to drink when everyone else is. Before I got my student loan I used to have fun without alcohol, so hopefully I can do that now. Maybe some advice if you have done the same	Additional Details 21, male, british	
A common problem associated with alcohol abuse is malnutrition.		True Or False		
Why are our young teens abusing drugs and alcohol				
Alcoholism anybody help		So my father is an alcoholic, he drinks everyday 5-6 days a week. He gets so sh*tfaced. Its embarrassing. He knows hes an alcoholic but doesnt care he says if he died he wouldnt care, weve tried getting him help. But idk what to do anymore, I know hes drank since I was little but the past 5 years its gotten beyond worse. So it madee think, how much alcohol does it take to kill someone? Im wondering at his rate, how long does he have? Im really upset about this. Is he liver going to fail?		
Is my bf substance and alcohol abuse starting to kill him help very worried gf.		My bf is on the suboxon program (pain killer) to help get off it. Plus he drinks and is also on an anti depressant. Obviously its all unhealthy. But Im starting to worry, he is starting to look sick... and sleeping a lot and always very tired. Its not the suboxon hes been on it for years...this is new. And hes constantly itchy s my first thought it is liver. He wont get blood work done i think it scares him to find out any bad news. Plus his breath is becoming bad and he brushes both day and night. I dont abuse substances but watching this is so painful... any advise??		
I use to seriously abuse alcohol but now have not drunk in two years. But now i keep getting health problems		eg pins and needles/numbnees/poor ciculation. Needing to wee every ten minutes when i am home also a fatty liver. Can these problems be due to past drinking problems.		
How long does it take for alcohol withdrawls to go away		I have went 2 days without alcohol, but Im still feeling nervous, uneasy, and irritable. BQ: Why is it so hard to sleep when you get alcohol withdrawals?		
I used to abuse alcohol. but have not in two years.Anyway i get pins and needles and numbess in the last year		or so. is this caused bo alchol abuse.		
How to deal with fathers alcohol abuse		My father has been an alcoholic for as long as i can remember. He would visit the pub every single night and spend little time with me or my sister and when he did he would constantly belittle, threaten or put us down. When i was around 16 he told me that i was worthless and would never amount to anything. He would also buy things for me then make me feel really guilty about it and act like i didnt deserve it. I have always feared him for as long as i can remember. He was also similarly abusive to my mother. Recently he lost his job, he now makes my mother drive him to the pub every lunch time and every evening. He will drink beer and she will have to drink soft drinks. Even when my mother has had a very long day at work he will make her drive him to the pub and sit in the pub all night, as well as doing most of the housework and cooking, He gets extremely irritable if he hasnt had a drink. I recently returned from university and this is the first time i have lived at home for a significant amount of time for around 4 years. His drinking is worse than i had imagined and it is becoming difficult for me to bear seeing the way he is treating my mother often verbally abusing her even though she does everything for him. I tried speaking to my mother about this but she always defends him and refuses to acknowledge there is an issue. Is there anything i can do?		
How quickly can one become addicted to alcohol 				
Why do so many people become dependent on drugs and alcohol		Millions are addicted, rehads are full, jails are full and death toll keeps rising as a result of drug abuse but why? Why do so many people go down that path? Why is it so popular that people are willing to forgo the risks and engage in this kind of pleasure seeking behavior?		
Am I at fault or part of the problem of my alcoholic father		I am 17. Im unemployed, still in High school. Trying to maintain my grades as much as I can. I am shy and awkward and usually unconfident around other people at school( or at least thats how I see myself as) and my parents have complained about me not having a job or a license. Im worrying about that but thats not the whole problem. I had an intervention with my dad and mom and my dad is depressed and hates his job and is getting old. He had or has leukemia. (not sure how thats going right now.) Im caught in the middle of their problems but sometimes I feel like the problem myself. I am scared to get a job and a license because of the people I may work with being from school and etc. I dont want to be the problem. I know they are mostly paying for everything I have like clothes, food, etc and I understand that but I cant help it if I have anxiety. Im doing the best I can with everything else though. I want to help my dad because his alcoholism is effecting all of us. Am I part of the problem? I know its hard to handle money these days but my dad keeps spending his money on beer and my moms money! I have been feeling bad about myself lately because I feel like I should be doing more even though Im trying as much as I can to live myself.		
Why is marijuana frowned upon more than alcohol		Is it strictly because, this is illegal, this isnt sort of thing? Or is it more of the insane mindset the government shoves down peoples throats regarding marijuana? In fact There is a poster at my school that says marijuana is an extremely addictive drug, it yellows your teeth, and weakens your body and mind.		
What will happen if Ive taken 4 paracetamol + caffeine mixed tablets and drank alcohol		Should I see a dr? Ive taken 4 tablets and drank 3 bottles of beer. Will I get liver failure? I think my liver is pretty bad anyway as I have drank 2litres of cola a day for the last 5 years. Help!		
Is this too much alcohol		My mother drinks around half a bottle of wine to a bottle a night, with about a one day exception where she might go sober. Then every Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Tuesday night she goes to the pub for around 3-7 hours, where I dont know exactly how much she drinks as shell say "only a glass", however Id say the equivalent of two-three bottles of wine on those nights, however sometimes more, spaced out over many hours though. Is this normal, and will it seriously damage her in any way? I dislike her when shes drunk, and always get concerned, but she always gets offended when I bring it up and calls me ungrateful.		
How do I approach my boyfriend about his alcohol consumption, and my fear of drunken abuse		Im 23 and he is 24. Weve been dating for 6 months and everythings been going great! Hes really the greatest man I know. Hes kind, sweet, romantic, and a lot of fun to be with. But Ive started to notice that he gets a little... passionate... when hes been drinking. Yesterday we were at a wedding. The reception lasted from 3 until midnight and he was drinking throughout. We went to the bar with some friends after and when we went home we got into a fight. Not over anything in particular just a drunken argument. We were lying in bed, each trying to argue louder than the others. I asked a question ( I dont even recall what it was) and he said "why would you ask that?" And I replied "because one of us had to have the balls to." This apparently threw his manhood into question so he got angrier than I have ever seen him. He started screaming at me to "get the f*** out" and shoved me (while still in bed). I didnt move, and he jerked up and got in my face and I was afraid he was going to hit me. I started to leave but he stopped me. He apologized, cried, and swore hed never blow up like that again. But it scared me. And still scares me. I dont want to be that woman who stays with an abusive guy because he swears hell never do it again. But I know its the drinking. Hes such a mild-mannered, sweet guy. How do I talk to him about this without upsetting him or making him angry? Every time I bring up something that we need to work on he throws any argument he can at me so that Im the one to end up apologizing. I dont know what to do...		
Do alcoholics have such a strong craving for alcohol that they truly cannot help it		I know they have to choose to get help but can they help being an alcoholic or is it like having a learning disability or diabetes where you truly cannot help it even though treatment is necessary?		
Is my body in danger from all of the alcohol I have consumed		I am going to stop doing this btw now Anyways, I started drinking in February, and came to class wasted the first time I drank during lunch time. I was a complete mess, and had a terrible hang over afterwards. I stopped drinking for 2 days after that. When I started drinking again though, I began to take some sips of vodka and tequila straight from the bottle. Overtime, it began to become a habit, and I drank everyday 5 days a week straight from the thing. I also continued to take some to school, to enjoy during lunch time. I did this because of a boy, anxiety issues, and my eating disorder. But the truth is, I actually enjoyed it quite a bit at the same time. I have been sober for 3 days now, I told myself that Friday would be the last time I would drink in a very long time. I dont think Ill ever look back now, because I am strong enough to live without it, especially through the support of my 5 therapists, friends, and teachers. I am only 15, and tomorrow I am getting a blood test for alcohol, my liver, and my heart. Do you think I did any real terrible damage to my body by doing this, along with the eating disorder? Thanks guys!!!!	Additional Details I am a guy BTW	
My dad has liver disease caused by alcohol abuse, he gets better then worse is this normal		I think he has end stage liver disease. He has jaundice, fatigue, loss of appetite and severe stomach pain. He will get very ill and sleep for days and his voice will be slurred then hell come out of it and be stronger. He still drinks but is trying to have alcohol free days. Im very confused he seems to be dying one week and recovering the next. Doctors just say stop drinking but wont tell us how severe it is. Any advice welcome, particularly similar experiences.		
Teens: Why are you choosing to stay drug-, alcohol-, and smoke-free		I am choosing to stay drug-, alcohol-, and smoke-free for very vain reasons- I dont want to get yellow teeth and gray skin and that creepy hole in your throat and your hair falls out! Also I dont want to get lung cancer or heart disease or alcohol blood poisoning. What about you? And if you arent, why? Respectfully, please, if I respect your choice you are obliged to respect mine.		
Addicted to pills and alcohol... Worried about her!		What do I do... My friend who has never before this had any interest in anything like pills or alcohol I think has a problem. She has a prescription for Xanax. She normally only takes maybe 2 every month (if that) but lately shes taken probably 10 this month (2 at a time only .25mg each) but she mixes it with ambien (2 10 mg) at bed time. She said its the only thing that helps her sleep when shes having a bad night but that she does get a slight high for a few minutes before she falls asleep that she likes. Also she used to never drink, but for the past 6 weeks its been every Friday night! Last Friday she got so drunk she cant remember most of the night (she drank an entire bottle of tequila that night) she has a lot of stress in her life (bad marriage, children have some health issues which by the way she doesnt go out until kids are asleep with someone appropriate there for them and she is home before the kids wake up) so I understand her needing something to help but I dont think she thinks she has a problem. How does she help herself, how do I help her!?!!	Additional Details Also should add, she is extremely bi polar and not on mess and alcohol can make things worse. She also used to self harm and is showing signs of it again (not of already doing it but seems like its on her mind)	
Am I getting addicted to alcohol		Hi, I am a 17 year old male and I have recently been drinking every weekend or maybe you could call that dirnking heavily but anyways, I have anxiety which may seem like Im going off on a tangent about something else but. I feel that every time I drink Im using it more to "self medicate" or "escape" than to have fun. So what Im worried about is that right now I feel as if I want to dirnk even though its a tuesday night and thats sort of odd, Im almost telling myself that I will go into panic or continuous bouts of anxiety if I dont drink. and honestly overall since I started drinking like this every weekend my anxiety has gone up. So my question is, is that am I getting a psychological addiction to alcohol and or a physical addiction to it? This all seems like a vicious cycle to me and I dont want to become an alcoholic and lead a sad life so yeah. and how long until the "cravings" or want for it will pass? and will my anxiety level go down?		
Can you be an alcoholic if youve never had a drink			Ive never had a full drink of alcohol (just a couple sips of beer and whiskey), but I have an addictive personality and even though Ive never been drunk, I still have the urge to drink. My family has a history of alcoholism, and therefore I worry about my own problems with it, and understand that itll be very dangerous in the event that I ever do get involved. Even though Ive never had a drink, is it possible to still be an alcoholic? Im seventeen if that makes any difference.	
Is reporting someone at work for purchasing alcohol for minors wrong		I work at a grocery store. while on break with a fellow associate I witnessed him purchase alcohol for another associate who is under age. I had to file a report on this, since they have it on camera. Should I have lied and said I didnt know what was going on like people have been telling me, or did I do the right thing like I am sure I did?		
Alcoholism problems. Only serious answers please 		Okay, firstly Im not an alcohol addict yet. I know this because I can exist without alcohol and I wouldnt kill or steal money to buy alcohol. Im a student by the way, 18 years old, and I do quite well in school. The problem is that I cant feel so good when Im sober as when I feel when Im drunk. I somehow struggle with my thoughts when Im sober, because my mind is always over-active and I can only calm down when I " shut down " my mind with alcohol. What do you advice ? Am I having serious problems ?		
Would alcohol be considered a substance		Im doing a report and Im a bit confused.. if you were to abuse alcohol.. would it be a substance abuse ? or are just drugs classified as substances?		
How would society be affected if alcohol was free and plentiful		In a self sustainable city with a resource based economy. This assumes moral superiority over most societies.	Additional Details @Jorge That is precisely what will eventually happen. It is inevitable, however I want it sooner rather than later. Look up "The Venus Project" for a rough idea. They come across as cultist socialists but they have the right idea.	
Whats more mentaly addictive alcohol or weed				
Can alcohol and drug abuse lead to memory loss		Being in college..I have had my share of fun the last few years, however, I am afraid it is catching up to me. I am in avid raver and a social drinker in addition to a pre-med student and a Division I athlete. I have taken ecstasy probably around 7 or 8 times and blacked out from drinking around the same amount. I have never mixed the two or tried any other drugs but recently I have noticed that I have had trouble finding the word(s) I am looking for when I am trying to tell a story. It is not quite memory loss, I simply cannot remember the words I need to convey my thoughts. I do not need anybody to tell me that I have been making poor decisions, I know that. But is it possible that these things are related or is it just my overactive mind? Thank you.		
My mom is a victim of Domestic Violence and Alcohol Abuse, no one wants to help her		Giving some background to the issue at hand, my mom has been struggling with alcoholism for most of her life, all i can remember growing up is my mom drinking and me calling my dad to come to the rescue. My parents have been divorced for as long as i can remember, so eventually my dad took custody of me and my younger brother. My mom was somewhat of a functioning alcoholic and could not financially support us like my dad could. Growing up id see my mom once or twice a week and as me and my brother matured and developed into our teenage adult lives this was stressed, and maybe happened once or twice every two weeks (school, life, and other commitments). My mom being an alcoholic has very little friends, every friend that she has had she either finds the bad in them, or gets into a fight with them. This has also trickled into her family life as well, she only talks to her sister who is a recovering alcoholic who regularly goes to AA meetings. I moved out of my dads house about a year ago and within that year my mom needed financial help, i was only 19 years old at the time, and i could not continue to support her and myself, it was too much. So i told her that she needed to get a job and make a way for herself. I could no longer help her financially. This in turn had her fall into the arms of a man in her apartment complex. He provided her money when she needed it, and food when she needed it. In the beginning small jealous quirks came out: if i came to pick her up, he would call my moms phone repeatedly. The first time me and my mom agreed that it was cute but after the first 20 times, i grew concerned. When she would answer the phone he would ask her who she was with even AFTER he saw that I picked her up from her apartment. It was extremely weird behavior. This went on for a few months and then things got worse. I started to notice that my mom was drinking more often, and i knew he was providing it because she had no money to get it. I also noticed that every week that i would pick her up she would wear long sleeve shirts or jackets, even when sunny out. When id take her home the calls would continue from him, to the point that it would anger me, and i would have to answer the phone for her, and tell him to calm down. She would take off her sweater inside and id notice bruises on her arms. She would tell me that he always tells her that everyone wants her, and that she is cheating on him when she comes with me and that I am dropping her off at other mens homes. I told her that what she was doing was selfish to me and my brother and she got the most violent that she has ever been with me. Yelling and screaming and taking off her wig off and banging on windows, saying she would be better off dead and that He is the only one that loves her, he is the only one that is giving her money, food, and attention. I told her then and there that i was no longer coming to the rescue for her anymore. If you are in trouble and she is choosing to be in trouble then i wouldnt be wasting my time by coming over when she is in trouble, cause it will keep happening. Every week since then has gotten progressively worse. She had a black eye two weeks ago and bruises on her arm. She told me that she was done with him and that was it. This easter I called her and we talked and the monday after she had been drunk until Friday of this week. (4/5/13) Shes gotten so bad that i am starting to notice violent outbursts and shes speaking about things that are no longer relevant to the situation at hand. She isnt herself anymore. Her sister called and asked if I would come with her to have her detoxed and evaluated, she was concerned that she was suffering from "wet brain". I did and i arrived to her apartment to find that she had another black eye. Before my aunt arrived I called the police and explained the situation to the operator she had some officers come to the scene, and they WOULD NOT LISTEN. The officers have been to her apartment multiple times and they have said that they have only had an issue with her and not the boyfriend. (this is due to the fact that he gets her drunk, hits her, she calls the police and they side with him because he is sober) so when they came they humored me, laughed, and left. I tricked her into going to the ER with me to possibly get her detoxed and she refused and the doctors saw her state and saw that she was incoherent and talking about things that didnt matter. No one could help me. I gave my mom two choices yesterday. I told her that if she didnt press charges against the man that me and my brother were walking out on her, I also did the same with the detox situation. both she refused and took his side. Is there any way possible to commit her without her consent or to get this man arrested in any way. this is abuse. and it is chnaging my mom. she is no longer herself. she gave up her children yesterday. I need help!!!!! please! i live in CA		
Alcohol abuse paper, want some help and drug Statistics		writing a paper on alcohol abuse. i heard 25,000 people die a year from alcohol related ****. i wanted to know if anyone knew how many people a year die from other drugs. crack, coke, mdma, pcp, ciggs, heroin....		
If a persons liver was damaged, would they get sick from just a few alcoholic drinks		The person in question is a guy who started drinking at 20 years old, escalated while he was 21, and while 22 and 23, for about 2 years, he severely abused alcohol in very heavy binges. He did take a complete 90-day break when he was 22 and a half. By the time he started drinking very heavily (22 and 23), he often would go 3 weeks or so without drinking. He was *not* a daily drinker, but an episodic binge drinker. However, when he binged, he did so very hard. Sometimes 2 or 3 days in a row. Then, when he turned 24 he drank very heavily, daily, for about 3 weeks. After that he got cleaned up, started eating good, gained 30lbs and as off to a good start. However, in between then and now, a course of about 2 years (until about a year ago) he had heavy, severe binges about every few weeks or once a month, followed by eating very healthy and trying to redeem his health. A year or a little more ago he quit drinking soda, started eating yogurt, granola and berries for breakfast, cut back on carbs majorly, started eating more fruits and veggies, and at the end of last year quit smoking. He takes a multivitamin everyday and has the past few years. Now he drinks a fe days a week in small, normal amounts. He doesnt even really get drunk. Hell drink 3 drinks on average, sometimes just 1 or 2, sometimes up to 5 in an evening. He usually drinks while eating or eats before he drinks. He doesnt drink 5 drinks very often, but when he does it usually takes him 5 or 6 hours to drink a bottle of wine (which is 5 drinks exactly). His drinking now is about 1 drink per hour when he drinks. He used to drink an entire half pint or more of hard liquor in an hour! I dont know how he did it, but he drinks normal now and says he has no desire to get drunk. Im just surprised he doesnt get sick or hangovers because I would have thought his liver is damaged. He seems healthy though and eats well, excercises some, etc. Hes not fat or anything, not skinny. Actually hes in good shape. What do you think??? Could his liver be damaged? But if it was, wouldnt he get sick off even just 2 or 3 drinks???	Additional Details Mum Mum- we had thought he was surely an alcoholic because he couldnt control his drinking and supposedly alcohol isnt curable. However, he hasnt had problems for a year now and the few days per week he does drink, he typically has 2-3 drinks. I asked him how he can control it now when he couldnt before and he says he doesnt know why he couldnt control it before, but says that he doesnt even have to try to "control it now". Anyway, so Im thinking if its true being an alcoholic isnt curable, then he must not be a true alcoholic. Supposedly an alcoholic can never learn to control their intake or go back to drinking like a normal person, but this guy has! Its perplexing and I am confused. I just dont want to see him go back to how he was or hurt his health. nickipettis- well, we got him to the dentist. Next up is the doctor for a full exam and check up. Hes going to tell the doctor hes concerned about his health and try to explain how hard and he had binge drinked. Some people have a hard time believing he drank as much as he did or they think its not as bad as he thinks it is - but he drank very heavily. On the flipside, a guy from alcoholics anonymous said he drank "a fifth a day" of whiskey for 20 years then quit and said hes never had any health or liver issues. That guy drank daily and my guy Im talking about was a binger, but I dont know which is worse and some sources say one is worse while others say the opposite! Baa Baa- Thanks for the information. It is helpful. Im hoping that his 2 or 3 weeks of not drinking between binges throughout most of his drinking "career" gave him time to heal up each time any minor irritation or damage might have occured. However, I still feel like the liver is like a rechargeable battery in that it can only redeem itself and "recharge" only so many times, only for so long. abijann- Thanks for the info. The biggest question I have about what you said is: will the blood test detect actual permanent damage to his liver even if it is just a little bit of damage and if his liver is not inflammed and he hadnt been drinking like a month or longer before?	
When does alcoholic hepatitis (live inflammation from alcohol) occur (see details)		It is my understanding that the liver will heal from alcoholic hepatitis and go back to normal after many months of not drinking and having a healthy diet. However, I dont understand when or how alcoholic hepatitis occurs. Does it occur every time a person drinks? Does it occur with just a few drinks (normal drinking)? Or does somebody have to abuse alcohol and drink heavily for it to occur? Even then, does it occur with one binge or does it take a prolonged abuse of alcohol (like many days, weeks or even months)?	Additional Details Baa Baa- Thanks for the info. And by "binge drinking" I mean weekend-length (2-3 days at times) binging once every 2 or 3 weeks on average. Very heavy, severe abuse when drinking. Seeming inability to stop drinking once started. Drinking to the extent of peeing himself multiple times and even pooping himself a couple times. Passing out while driving and veering off the road or passing out in public like on the sidewalk in front of the liquor store. Hard liquor (40% alc) and lots of it very quickly. Kind of "slamming" so to speak.	
Can anyone give me a scientific explanation why people become addicted to alcohol		Im curious if there are any brainiacs out there who can tell me exactly why people become dependent on alcohol. What is it in the brain that causes alcoholism? I have ALOT of alcoholics in my family and I just dont understand this. I want to know EXACTLY why the brain become dependent on this awful substance.		
Help me understand what goes on in a recovering alcoholic/drug addicts mind		My husband made appointment with marital counselor, we went to see him and that evening---he handed me divorce papers. He said that 16months ago when he stopped the pills(has been sober 16 years alcohol), he then lost all feelings for me. He is passive-aggressive, this I have noticed and controlling about stupid stuff, but I love him and he says he loves me as a friend? Does anyone understand this?		
Help! I feel so guilty and dont know if I am an alcoholic		So I feel really guilty. I drank way too much last night. For no reason really. I mean my husband and I got back together after a separation and I guess I am just feeling really guilty for what I have done to him in the past. He used to be very abusive towards me, physically and emotionally. He looked for casual encounters online but never followed through. I moved out for a short time and started dating lots of different guys. He wanted me back and now things have changed. I just cant forgive myself for all the times I have slept around behind his back. I know I am drinking way too much alcohol to try to forget the things I have done. I did those things because I thought we were going to get a divorce. I go to church but my husband does not want to go with me. I told my husband I will never buy alcohol again. I just dont know what to do or say to him tonight when he comes home. I threw up in the whole bathroom and it got all over the floor and bathtub and kitchen sink. He kept saying that I am stupid. I told him he is not allowed to call me that. He woke up in the middle of the night to me vomiting and then he cleaned the whole bathroom. I told him I could clean it but he did not like the way I was cleaning. How do I ask him for forgiveness? What should I do to make things right? I dont drink everyday but sometimes I can drink too much on the weekends. Am I an alcoholic? Thank you	Additional Details I got a separation because he was emotionally and physically abusive but is not anymore. He was scared of losing me and did everything he could to make sure he doesnt abuse me again. That is why I came back. He realized what he did and was finally very open with me for the first time.	
If alcohol and tobacco are legal why isnt marijuana .				
An alcoholic looking for spiritual answers.		I am a 33 yr old male and have been drinking since I was 14. I have always been spiritual, and believed in Jesus/God. I have recently started reading the Bible. So far I have read up to Numbers. I seriously need help with my drinking and without Gods help I know itll be impossible. I feel so bad after drinking but sometimes I cannot control it. Are there any good books, verses for an alcoholic. I love my Lord... Sometimes I just feel as if he is angry/upset at me and our relationship is dwindling and it hurts. I ask for forgiveness but unless your an addict youll never understand this kind of backsliding. My question... What should I read in the Bible that may open my eyes? Please pray for me fellow Christians. Thank you.		
Please tell me! am i an alcoholic		i drink mayb once every 3~4 mths. when i do i normally black out and do not remember a thing! several times i have woke up in jail not knowing wht i was there or what i was being charged with! i am bipolar im on lithium 1200 mg and xanax 1 mg 4 times a day. but.... i moved and i havent been able to c a doc nor therapist. since my anxiety gets bad i turn to drinkin. i am going to lose everyone i love if i dnt stop!		
Alcoholic 25 year old daughter ruining our relationship! HELP PLEASE!!		We are boyfriend/girlfriend for years now. We do not live together. I have supported my gf all these years and been there through bad times for her. She has a 26 and 25 year old that live with her. Neither pay for food, rent, electricity, or water. They live there free and neither show no ambition to move on with their lives. The problem is the alcoholic daughter, in and out of rehab many times and still drinks. I understand and have given much support to her as well, being there, listening to her, etc. Now, years later, my gf has no time for me as she has to "babysit" the daughter for fear if she leaves the house for a day, or weekend, daughter may go out drinking. Keep in mind, this girl has bitten her mom, bruised her mom, broken doors in the house and has been taken into police custody twice already, all related to her drinking. As usual, when sober, she pulls her moms heartstrings that she is going to change. As soon as she is out, she drinks herself to oblivion again. Mom continues to baby this girl after the immense strain on our relationship. Now, in police custody, daughter again, as many times i the past, has told mom her head is AGAIN in the right place and mom buys it. It is a scenario that plays over and over and over. I understand the need for support, but I have been told that mom is an enabler, hence why her dysfunctional kids still live at home. Please know that I am all for this girl getting better, but it doesnt, just the same old Im going to change, but make no effort. What do you all think? Please help!		
My alcoholic boyfriend is verbally abusive when sleeping and when drinking he is both physical and verbal in		his abuse. When sober he is so in love with me, I am beginning to feel the real truth comes out with the alcohol. He has an addictive personality and has abused drugs and alcohol for years. He is like Hitler in questioning me about being faithful, where I have been or who I talk to. He says he was never abusive to ex-girlfriends or his wife and I wonder if that is true and if it is just me that brings it out in him. He has slugged, punched, spit and choked me along with some very vulgar name calling. I am having nightmares these days with a monster (not man or beast trying to hurt me) and I fear it may be him. I am starting to wonder if he wants to kill me. Does anyone have answers?	Additional Details P.S. I know what I have to do, but his drinking cost his job and we are homeless and broke in a camper and I have no-one and no place that can take me and my 6yr. old bl. lab. We have been together for just over 4yrs. and 3 were sober with him, then he badly abused crystal meth and everything changed, I think he did some real damage to himself and it is running over onto me. I know what I must do but I am looking for some real answers to my ?s in hopes that it may help my mental state. Thanks to all for your support and answers.	
Divorce and Child Custody - Mom Alcoholic drug abuser, Dad is normal and clean.		Currently my spouse is in an inpatient treatment center. I have 4 girls with the oldest being 16. My spouse and I have been co-habituating for 32 years as we have been waiting for our finances to improve to divorce. However, while my income has grown, the amount of her spending has followed. We have had multiple family interventions for her drug and alcohol usage. I want complete custody and a divorce as soon as she leaves treatment. I will allow her to see the children as much as they want, but not live here with them. I want her to pay child support.....Are these realistic expectations? The older children do not want her back here.	Additional Details Sorry 2 years we have been living together waiting for the divorce....	
Can alcohol cause Mental health.		A person who I live with and i am very close to them. The prson has mental health problems and it has an effect on me I suffer with deppression and anxiety. That I drink,I have gone through 10 bottles of the Irish cream within a week. I would like to know if it can course me to have mental health problems. I do see my gp every two weeks with my deppression and I am on Citalopram.		
Why doesnt the US just double the tax on cigarettes and alcohol to fix the money issue		Meaning if you doubled it, people would still buy it. So why not just double it, or 2.5 double it since people in the West would still buy them?		
Is alcohol a hard drug or a soft drug, and if so why		I dont understand why people consider alcohol to be a soft drug. Is alcohol a soft drug or a hard drug? Alcohol is physically addictive, and the physical withdrawal symptoms of alcohol are the worst of all drugs-alcohol withdrawal causes seizures, hallucinations, and sometimes even psychosis and death. Many people have overdosed on alcohol if they drink too much (ie, alcohol poisoning). Alcohol addiction causes horrible health problems, including brain damage and fatal conditions such as liver diseases. So why is alcohol not considered a hard drug? If alcohol is a soft drug, why it it considered that? It seems very strange to me that despite the fact that alcohol can lead to overdose, the worst withdrawal symptoms of any drug, and not to mention the horrible health problems accused with its abuse, it isnt considered a harder drug. Is alcohol a soft drug, or a hard drug, and if so why?		
My father wants to bring his alcoholic/drug addicted mistress to my wedding		My father has mental problems and my mother is deceased. When my mother was alive my father cheated on her with multiple women. One of these women is still in the picture 15 years later. This woman has a severe alcohol problem and becomes so intoxicated that she collapses in public frequently, she also mixes alcohol w/ sedatives worsening this issue. My father and her have had multiple fights and have tried living together twice, but he had to ask her to move out b/c she would be drunk all the time and fall down the stairs and break objects around the house. Now, I am getting married in 8 weeks, my father is insisting on bringing this woman to the wedding. I have politely explained to him why she cannot come, he insists that he will bring her anyway. I do not want her there b/c she will cause a spectacle and be a great embarrassment to me. At this point, I believe the only solution is to not invite him or make up some story that the wedding was cancelled. Any advice?	Additional Details To Wedding Industry Lies, did you even read the question? They are not a long-term couple, it is an on and off relationship, actually too further clarify they do not live in the same state. And, yes, my fathers mistress and him having a huge scene is embarrassing to me, I dont care if OTHER guests get drunk. You are deluded, and I have read other answers and you are obviously a TROLL. Get a life instead of trying to harass people who are asking for LEGITIMATE advice.	
Is there a medicine for alcoholics		is there a medicine we can give to alcohol addicted people which we can slip in without their knowledge and which is available easily in drug stores		
How likely is alcohol-induced permanent liver damage or cirrhosis when liver function tests are normal		Apparently its possible. But how likely? For the sake of the question lets say the person stopped abusing alcohol a year or more ago and now only drinks in moderation 3-4 days a week and only drinks 2-4 drinks average each time, rarely 5 and sometimes just 1 or 2. Consider the answers given to this old question by two different users who claim to be doctors (Stephen and The Big K): http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20100414003614AAR0BTI And do cells really die off as they become subject to cirrhosis like the answer "The Big K" in the linked question? If the cells do die off, that could explain why the enzyme levels arent high even in the presence of severe damage, like the answerer suggests. Abijann- I do believe you were wrong in Brians question. I do believe cirrhosis can be present without hepatitis (and vice-versa, of course). You said youve never heard of that, but are you sure?	Additional Details Baa Baa- Thank you. Your answer is very informative and has helped my understanding a great deal. Glad to hear you made it through all that. I have a step dad who recently passed from cirrhosis...he was sick for about 4 years before he died. He had Hep C, but didnt kno it AND was an alcoholic. His case was really bad. He quit drinking and never drank again once diagnosed when he first had symptoms, but he never got a liver transplant.	
Is teen drinking a form of alcohol abuse		Im doing a PSA video and I was wonder could teen drinking be a form of abuse?		
Why are americans so crazy about alcohol		Americans are so crazy about alcohol they even have special "beer" commercials dueing american fatball games.im not saying all americans are like that but the majority is crazy for alcohol, its so bad that even teenagers are crazy for alcohol. I personally dont like alcohol. So many people die in america due to alcohol abuse.		
If drugs and alcohol are illegal in the workplace , and if caught , it leads to instant dismissal.........		............ then why are heroin addicts sent to work , and allowed to work , under the influence of methadone !! surely this is breach of health and safety ?		
Are these things normal for a recovering alcoholic		My brother was pulled out of school because he was an alcoholic. He no longer drinks, but he... -is extremely lazy. For a while, he was working out for 20 minutes everyday (a long time for him because he is overweight). Now he doesnt bother unless our dad makes him tag along. All he does is sleep, eat, play guitar a little, and then watch tv only to sleep again. We tend to find him sleeping at odd hours (example: he wakes up at 3pm and falls asleep at 7pm) -he is negative. I find myself searching desperately for one positive comment. He makes fun of everything from our family to countries on the news. He pretty much has something bad to say about anything. He is also overly sarcastic! -he doesnt want to see any friends. He doesnt socialize. -he got back to online gaming. He plays games even on his phone for fun. -he starts to act like a little brother to me, not an older brother. He is more annoying and bothers me. -he is addicted to chewing tobacco. He was before, but he hasnt tried to give this up along with alcohol. -he has no motivation to do anything. He is clearly lying about searching for jobs -He refuses to take care of himself. His stomach lining is messed up due to his past alcohol use and his current chewing tobacco use. This caused stomach acid to get up his throat to his teeth. His enamel is gone and he refuses to drink through a straw.		
Is it ok for me to drink alcohol		Im already 21 so its legal for me to drink, but the thing is, I also have epilepsy and Im daily medication. I really liked the taste of flavored beer, and it was my first. I was thinking would it be ok, for me to have one bottle, once a month?		
Teen alcoholic trying to get life back together Need advice		Ive been addicted to alcohol ever since i was 14. im currently just turned 16 and have been working on quitting drinking. its been really hard but after months of failer to stop im finally to the point where ive been sober for a week! Now that my drinking is under control ive been trying to get my life back on track. Ive basically lost everything cause of drinking I dropped out of school,my friends stopped talking to me,my boyfriend left,my family hates me all i would do is sit at home and drink all day everyday.i basically wasted 2 years of life the only memorys i have are empty bottles,a police record and a list a mile long of pepole who hate me now. im trying to make the future better and live a sober life since drinking haves done nothing but bring me down. But i just dont know where to start or what to do? im moving to a new state with my family its my one chance to get my life back togther. How can i forget about all the years wasted from drinking its something i regret everyday and try to get my life back together after it being broken so bad and stay sober???		
Drinking Alcohol as a Teen		Im 14 and i just had a little vodka because lately Ive been feeling terrible thanks to school and my parents. Its my first "real drink" and it kind of relaxed me. I was wondering when the first time you drank and why and how was it?		
Do you think I am starting to develop and addiction to alcohol and marijuana		Well, its not like I have to indulge in the both substances all the time, and I really dont get withdrawals, but sometimes when I come home exhausted after a hard days work, its like an immediate desire to smoke and drink. Also, sometimes when Im at work or in a very pessimistically stressful mood, I tend to think about smoking and drinking. Although, when Im in a happier mood I dont really feel the urge to smoke and drink, but as I stated before I only do when Im not working and have taken care of all my obligations, and if I dont have the money to afford it, Im okay without it as I stated previously. Yet, I do have a tendency to smoke and drink excessively when I do, I really enjoy the sensation and intoxication of both, I feel as though I can socialize more proficiently when I do<SEMCOL> but I dont just indulge in it for simple pleasure, its mostly for relaxation and stress relief. Do you think I may have a problem? Once again, I dont have physical withdrawals and its not a top priority in my life, but it is a form of pleasure on my part. I am a firm believer in business/significant priorities over pleasure. In addition, Im not going into explicit detail, but I did suffer abuse as a little girl, and someone was telling me that this may be a reason that develops drug and alcohol dependency.	Additional Details @Nancy-You dont know anything about me to make such judgements.	
What is my alcohol tolerance like How can I raise it		Ok so i went to a mates place last night. We had some goon (cask wine) about 10% alcohol. Some beers. And some malibu rum (21%). So we started drinking around 6:30. I had one beer finished it pretty quick. Then had a pint of goon and mother about 3/4 goon 1/4 mother. Then another beer, it was probably around 7:15 then i got into the malibu and coke around 1/4 rum and 3/4 coke. that took me till around 7:45. had a break, had some water and a beer and around 8.15 i skulled around half a pint of goon. At this stage i had had a lot more than anyone else and was the most tipsy/happy. most others were just on their second or third beer. had a beer and didnt drink until about 9.30 when i once again had another pint of goon. from then on i dont really remember exactly what i had between 9.30 and 1 I think i had around 3-5 shots of rum maybe a glass of malibu and coke and about a beer and a half. At 9 I was the drunkest I got for the whole night, from then on i started to sober up and by 1am i was fine. Had another beer and some water and went to bed about 4.30. Woke up at 8.30 feeling great. got home at 12 and by 2 I felt like ****. Didnt vomit or anything but felt a bit bad. Tired and my head felt like it was a bit dense and weird. Had a 2 hour sleep, woke up and felt great again. So long, boring story. But. What is my drinking tolerance like for only really my first time? and what is the best way to raise it. Like everyone. I want to get a little bit more than tipsy, like semi drunk and have fun but not wake up too sick. Give me your thoughts. Please no abuse. I wont say my age but im over 16.		
What is the difference between the ill-effect of consuming alcohol by a minor and an adult		If a boy or girl aged between 8 to 14 takes alcohol, what would be the ill effects in his/her body ? Will that have any difference from an adult who takes alcohol ?		
Should women who abuse alcohol give birth		im doing a project in law and i have a debate where i agree with women who abuse alcohol should continue to give birth. im totally against this but i need a few points of why it is ok. HELP		
What are effects of drinking alcohol/cigrate/hookah 		my friend drinks it sometimes..i think its not good or something bad or not needed or people drink when they are extremly sad..i have smelled it smells very bad.some say its good for health to drink it little bit. what are merits or demertis of these 3 ? does it feels or tastes good to to drink it.well dont think so does it ? i think every experience shold be taken in life & then to decide is this experience good or bad. so should i give it a try or not ?		
Can you tell me, alcoholic or not		My boyfriend thinks Im an alcoholic. And Ive come to the conclusion hes probably right. Due to the fact i cry when he pours out the alcohol and cling on to it for my life. My question is, I wont drink beer, so am I a true alcoholic?		
How hard is it to get an alcohol abuse waivor for the navy		How hard would it be to get an alcohol abuse waiver for the navy due to becoming too intoxicated on night and being admitted to a detox?		
If a parent is called in for an alcohol test by social services and they miss it, what happens to the child		If they were unable to complete the test (unable to attend, unable to give samples etc.) and were assumed guilty of alcohol abuse, what happens to the child involved?		
How do you stop loving alcohol When does the obsession with it go away :(		I am (was?) an alcoholic. I quit 2 months ago, on my own, and the cravings are so bad and Im so in love with it and all I want to do in the world is to drink and drink and for the drunken feeling to never go away (but I wont give in).Its so sad,Im young I just turned 18, yet Im so consumed by this. Alcohol is no longer present in my life but its all I can think about. I love it. Its my pride and joy, yet it destroyed me. When will the feelings go away? :/		
Help me, living with an alcoholic		Hi. My name is Carla, i am 13 years old. I live with my dad, sister and mum. My mum has been an alcoholic for the best part of 5 years. I remember when i was young I used to catch my mum drinking in her room, but for some reason I too much notice of it, I really am not sure why. For the past year it has been the worst. My mum drunk day and night. She lied, she promised, typical alcoholic. I dont want to go into detail because I dont want to be taken into care, but yes my mum has physically abused me (this was rare, it was mostly mental abuse.) my little sister was not, for two reasons, because when my dad was not there my main priority was to protect my sister, and my mum also (when she was drunk) took a favoritism to my younger sister. My mum was really, really bad. She did not want the alcohol anymore, she needed it. I was sick of everything, i self harmed to take the pain away. My mum recently went to Broadway Lodge, a rehab center in Weston Super Mare. She was there for 4 weeks. Suddenly, everything was back to normal. "Normal" is all i want. It was perfect to me. I didnt feel anymore pain, and I stopped self harming. My mum came out of rehab on the first Tuesday of the Easter term we just had, she was completely normal! My old mum, the person I loved so dearly. Everything was perfect from then on. Now it is Tuesday, back to school. Yesterday my mum was acting very much like she had been drinking, but I seemed to be the only one in the family that noticed, so i held in the tears and told myself it was nothing, she was just tired. The same thing happened tonight. My dad also noticed and went out to search my mums car (she had just been to an AA meeting, a very long one in fact, it seemed a lot longer then usual, yet she didnt really have anything new to tell us.) In the car my dad found a Sainsburys plastic bag, which was wet at the bottom. It was white wine. My dad made a promise to me earlier on, he told me this was my mums last chance. If she drinks after this rehab thing we move on from her forever. Tonight he went back on that promise and told me to give her another chance. I am sick of chances. I do not see an escape anymore, I dont know what to do. I just need some advice of some sort, some opinions would help? That is all I want. Thankyou for listening to my story, I shorted it a lot so it wouldnt be boring/to long, I could go on for days! Also, if there is anyone else going through something similar to me, please contact me someone or give me some way to contact you? If needed read this story for more understanding about alcoholics. http://aa.activeboard.com/forum.spark?aBID=42735&p=3&topicID=34180413		
I am tapering off of alcohol...Will someone PLEASE answer a few questions Please		Hello, I have been drinking probably close to a case of beer a day for about 9 months now. Ive just finally had enough. I wont get into the details because most alcoholics/addicts understand how horrible this makes you feel. What I have been doing is tapering off of the alcohol. I started reducing by 3 per day. When I got to around 9 per day, I started having horrible withdrawal symptoms. So I increased my intake back to 12 per day, which helped, but not that much. Then I went back to 9, then 6 (for two days), then now I am at 4. This process has been going on for about 2 weeks now. Anyway, I am at 4 today. I am also drinking a lot of water and eating pretty much all healthy foods, high in vitamins. I am proud of myself in a sense because I have been fighting the withdrawal, but the symptoms are now so intense, I cant even bare it. I tried to get into a detox unit, but I have to be "suicidal" to get into the dual diagnosis unit. OR I can get into a regular detox/rehab, but I have to pay a copay of close to 1500.00 to even get admitted because of my insurance. Here are the symptoms I am having. Intense pressure in my head, heart palpitations, minor hallucinations (like seeing things move or seeing things at the corner of my eye constantly), intense sweating, barely able to complete a sentence or think of a word to come up with mid sentence, cant sleep, intense anxiety (afraid to even go outside), brain shocks that literally go through my entire body and make me shake horribly for at least 3 seconds, cold sweats, hot flashes, tingling in my head occasionally and worst of all is the feeling everything is a "dream like" (nothing seems real and when I look at my arms for example, they dont "feel" or "seem" attached to me) and more. So my questions are: Am I tapering too quickly? How severe are these withdrawals for an alcohol detoxification and taper? Should I go to the ER due to these symptoms or tough it out and continue to taper on my own (with the help of a friend of course)? Is Librium a safer substitute for alcohol withdrawal? If so, will the ER prescribe me enough to get through this safely? (I dont have a family doctor right now because I just moved to this area.) What else should I be doing to get through this safely and without the intense withdrawals? I know I will experience withdrawals, but I cant even begin to explain how horrible this is. Thank you for reading and hopefully understanding what I am going through. Please help and answer the questions. I really need help understanding what to do. Thank You.		
Florida drug and alcohol driving test exam questions!!!!!!		1. a. True b. False 2. Most drivers have a reaction time of ______. a. 1.5 seconds b. 3 minutes c. 5 seconds 3. Blood alcohol level describes the amount of _____ in a persons blood expressed as weight per volume. a. alcohol b. sweat c. water 4. Impaired drivers do not make dangerous maneuvers in traffic. a. True b. False 5. THC influences________ by action on the limbic system of the brain. a. urination b. emotions c. hunger 6. Each driving infraction causes ____ to be placed on your license. a. stars b. points c. tickets 7. Brakes are not important to the safety of a motor vehicle. a. True b. False 8. On long trips, you should take a break from driving every two hours. a. True b. False 9. Bicycles are classified as ____________. a. vehicles b. pedestrians c. animals 10. Per mile traveled, the number of deaths on motorcycles is about ____ times the number in cars. a. 16 b. 2 c. 6 11. Almost _____ 16 to 20 year olds were killed or injured in the year 2000. a. 20,000 b. 160,000 c. 1,000 12. Signaling well in advance can help reduce the risk of someone running into you from behind. a. True b. False 13. In the United States,___________ pedestrians died in the year 2000. a. 4,739 b. 2,000 c. 3 14. The driver should reduce speed when traveling on a narrow or winding roadway. a. True b. False 15. A common depressant is: a. Alcohol b. Cocaine c. Heroin 16. Always test you brakes ____ after driving through deep water. a. lightly b. firmly c. with great pressure 17. Constantly __________ the road ahead of you to look for possible driving situations. a. scan b. ignore c. procrastinate 18. To reduce the risk of someone running into the rear of your vehicle, you should_______. a. check your brake lights often to make sure they are clean and working properly b. ignore what is going on behind you c. both a and b are correct 19. A common type of injected drug is: a. heroine b. morphine c. both a and b are correct 20. A person with a drinking problem often_____________. a. becomes secretive b. has trouble sleeping c. both a and b are correct 21. Hallucinogenic drugs alter driving ability due to causing delayed reaction time of the driver. a. True b. False 22. _______ account for an abnormally large amount of pedestrian deaths. a. Elderly people b. Babies c. Teenagers 23. ______ traffic light indicates vehicles may proceed. a. Green b. Red c. Yellow 24. You can be found guilty of impaired driving if the state can prove_________. a. you were presumed impaired while driving based on alcohol level b. your ability to hear, see, walk, or talk is below normal standards determined by the state c. both a and b are correct 25. Alcohol is a commonly used stimulant. a. True b. False 26. It is not your responsibility as a driver to make sure that all children are properly restrained or secured with a safety belt in your vehicle. a. True b. False 27. The shift from social drinking to problem drinking has nothing to low with self-esteem. a. True a. False 28. It is ____ to drive beside a motorcycle that is in the same lane as you. a. permitted b. illegal c. legal 29. Safe following distance depends on road conditions. a. True b. False 30. Abusing alcohol and drugs is sometimes an attempt to numb an individuals real problems. a. True a. False 31. Always test your brakes after driving through deep water. a. True b. False 32. When the use of a drug goes beyond recreational or occasional, the use has turned to ___________. a. abuse b. dependence c. addiction 33. _________ is an example of good traffic courtesy. a. Blocking passing lanes b. Using your horn sparingly c. Tailgating 34. When passing a motorcycle _________. a. throw dirt or debris on the rider b. cut the rider off c. do not pass so close as to throw debris on the rider 35. Greater stopping distance is needed when driving in the rain. a. True b. False 36. Drivers who run red lights do not endanger other drivers. a. True b. False 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. thr 3 years agoReport Abuse Additional Details 37 got cut off 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. three to five times lower c. no different 38. ___________ may be the most important factor in collisions. a. Speed b. Brakes c. Speakers 39. A common weapon used in traffic altercations is: a. firearm b. motor vehicle c. both a and b are correct 40. You must have $10,000 Bodily Injury Liability if you are in a collision and are at fault. a. True b. False		
Libido in recovering alcoholic males		My husband quit drinking 2 months ago (severe, dangerous binge drinking for many years) his libido has gone down to absolute zero. Really, zero zilch nada. This is totally the least of my worries, but it is still a concern since we are both young, healthy and, well (there are needs) he gets very annoyed with me for bringing it up. I am supportive, try not to bother him and just hope that things will improve over time but I am wondering, from people with experience, HOW LONG is average??? Is it ever *permanent*????? (Ps: no suggestions along the line of: look sexy, send suggestive texts, wear lingerie, date night, etc.. Doesnt work, literally tried everything)		
The most successful treatment program for alcohol abuse and drug abuse				
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Alcoholics anonymous				
Answer these question please its for the drug and alcohol test		1 __________ are solid while lines stretching across one or more lanes in the same direction, indicating the proper place to come to a stop at an intersection. Stop lines Break lines Crosswalks Stop markings 2 If you fail to provide proof of insurance, your driver license and license plates will be suspended for up to________________. 30 days 1 year 3 years 6 months 3 The three types of parking maneuvers are Perpendicular, Parallel, and ________________. Reverse Angled Regular Horizontal 4 Your vehicle must have at least one rear-view mirror which gives a view of the highway at least ____ feet to the rear. 100 150 50 200 5 Safety belts usually consist of a lap belt and __________. An air bag A head restraint A shoulder belt Arm restraints 6 __________________ is the ability to maintain your vehicle within your lane. Tracking Passing Racing Weaving 7 Even as a sober driver, you should remain aware of behavior of driver who may be __________. Overly aggressive Fatigued Inattentive Impaired 8 The distance you travel from seeing the danger to putting your foot on the brake pedal is known as: Reaction distance Displaced distance Lost distance Delayed distance 9 The NHTSA defines aggressive driving as "the operation of a motor vehicle in a manner that endangers or is likely to endanger persons or property." Select the best statement that follows: These drivers feel justified in dominating others and forcing others out of their way It is legal and encouraged to honk and protest their behaviors to let them know they have annoyed you Non-aggressive drivers will pass improperly to be safe and out of the way of aggressive drivers Gestures, shouting, swearing, and name calling are driving habits that encourage safety on the roadways 10 Substances which change the central nervous system include prescription, ______________, and illegal drugs. Over-the-counter Mescaline LSD Cocaine 11 Tires must have a visible tread of at least __________ of an inch across the base. 1/32" 1/10" 1/16" 2/32" 12 If your vehicle catches fire while you are driving you should: Stop and get away from the vehicle Stop and pour water on the fire Stop and try to smother the fire with a blanket Speed up and try to blow it out 13 The acronym BAL stands for: Blood Alcohol Limit Blood Alcohol Level Body Alcohol Limit Body Alcohol Level 14 __________ reaction time is a stimulus response. Complex Simple Automatic Instant 15 The parts of the body that can experience negative physiological effects from alcohol abuse are: Skin, sight, and hearing Blood, stomach, and throat Kidneys, skin, and blood Hearing, sight, and throat 16 What is the number one drug used by teens? Cocaine Marijuana Prescription drugs Alcohol 17 When a physical need has been achieved to a drug or alcohol, this is referred to as ________________. Motor function issues The endocrine system Dependence or addiction Toxicity 18 The pattern of yellow lines on the roadway determines whether __________ is permitted. Slowing Passing Changing lanes Driving		
What are some Fun activities for teaching college students about alcohol abuse		I am a R.A. for my school, and I am hosting a event about Alcohol Abuse. I want to do something fun and interactive so it isnt just a boring speech about the dos and donts of drinking. Any Suggestions?		
Non-alcoholic Wine/Champagne		I have a recovering alcoholic friend who recently got married. I want to give her and her husband a delicious, yet top-notch non-alcoholic wine or champagne. What brands and flavors can I get them?	Additional Details Yeah, shes been doing so well in getting her life together these last 5 years and I dont want to do anything that might cause chaos again. For their honeymoon they are going to a fancy hotel, and her husband has mentioned not being sure on what he can get her to drink for a romantic evening. Ill assume that sparkling ciders might be a little risky, too. Ill shop around for some good teas. Do you have any suggestions for something he could get for her? Yeah, shes been doing so well in getting her life together these last 5 years and I dont want to do anything that might cause chaos again. For their honeymoon they are going to a fancy hotel, and her husband has mentioned not being sure on what he can get her to drink for a romantic evening. Ill assume that sparkling ciders might be a little risky, too. Ill shop around for some good teas. Do you have any suggestions for something he could get for her?	
What are the effects of a 14 year old drinking alcohol		I was never really educated on alcohol and i was wondering could someone help me? how many would it take to get drunk? what happens if you drink to much? how much is to much? could you end up in hospital for drinking to much? if you do end up in hospital, why? and what would happen? whats the short term affects? would it just be a hangover? and what are long term affects? would smoking weed be better then drinking? and if you have any more information add it in! and your expierence aswell! I drank 2 bottles of Carlton dry (750 ml) 4.6% and i didnt feel drunk? and i drank both of them down in about 20 mins. im about 5ft5 and weigh 63kg(10 stone) Thank you!	Additional Details I dont care if its bad for me, id prefer to be dead anyway	
Withdrawal symptoms for drug addicts and alcoholics Vs Smokers			Hi, After 23 years of smoking I am now smoke free for 6 weeks and counting. This is definately one of the hardest things I have done suffering from cravings but they are managable and I was using NRTs until a weekago. I would like to know if and why the withdraw symptoms seem to be extremely intense for alcoholic and drug users in opposed to a smokers withdraw symptoms even though they couldve smoked for 40+ years? (so the tv portrays) Quitting smoking is hard, but I dont believe it is as hard as alcoholism and drug addiction? But I wouldnt really know. Does anyone have an idea please. If you have no idea, just move to another question thanks!	
I notice that talking about your behavior, addiction, alcohol, drugs, anger, is the best conversation why		I talked about my addiction yesterday to some strangers and they were very intrigued about my life as an addict! i have been clean and sober for 16 years. they never heard the story of a addicted person they asked me a lot of questions i have never talked about my addiction so extensively! it really felt good to talk about this again since i left treatment! i have talked about this before dont get me wrong. but not like i did yesterday! i really liked the undivided attention they gave me! i had the floor no interruptions! people should talk about their personality flaws with their friends, spouse, children, coworkers, strangers, you need to be real with yourself and others it is very liberating if you have anger issues, depression, talk about why you are so dam mad all the time! something is the underlying problem why you are so angry! no one is angry for no apparent reason! why dont people talk about underlying problems that are the cause of their dysfunctional behavior?		
Alcohol made me sick		Okay me and my friends went out drinking last Friday & Saturday. We had a lot of vodka, and beer. But when I woke up Sunday morning, I had massive diarrhea. And was hella hungover. Ive had it since Sunday, And its now Wednesday night. And it usually happens after I eat. And sometimes my stomach feels unsettling. Has this happened to anyone else? Lol. I know its weird, but idk wtf is wrong with me..its never happened before. So this is all new.		
My Father has Alcoholic Liver Disease, Hes currently in the Hospital		My Father has alcoholic liver disease, he is currently in the hospital for it. for the last few weeks he has been having High Levels of Ammonia in his system and is getting very confused, Trembling hands, very very tired, Not responsive unless you pasture him. His eyes are yellow which they have been for the last few years. Currently the meds the Doctors here are giving him are not working. The Doctors here have basically said theirs nothing ells they can do for him. My Father is in his 50s, hes not in shape, hes got high blood pressure, hes diabetic. I was wondering if theres away to cure him.... to make him better.... This is his 4th or 5th time hes had to much Ammonia in his system in 3 weeks. The Doctors here say he can not get a Liver Transplant, My Mother and i do not know what to do, Shes been going in an out of the hospital spending day and night with him. Theirs no time stamp on when my father could pass, But the Doctors have stated it is unlikely he will get better. my Mother said " All they can do is make him comfortable " Which i feel is bullshit. Hes been doing on an off, For the past 3 days hes been fine, They moved him out of the hospital and into a Rehab kind of place. Then today 4/25/2013 the nurses found him back in a bad way. He was very very tired, shaking, wouldnt respond to anyone. Very Confused thanks to the Ammonia. He also has been having trouble going to the bathroom. I am really hoping and preying theres something we can find to help..... Please only Series answers only		
Why do I only fall for alcoholics and drug addicts	Huh		Ill really like somebody, fall for them then bam there drinking all the time and start taking drugs all the time, alcohol and drugs become their priority so I break up with them, stay single for a while, let myself move on from that person, give myself months and even years of being single to just enjoy me time and being by myself.. then I meet someone, fall for them and before I know it their in the pub every night smoking weed all the time and start taking harder stuff too... Why is this?? Everyone else seems to find decent sober men, but not me, my boyfriends prioritys seem to go like this.. Drink, family, friends, work, drugs, me. I will happily stay single for the rest of my life if it means no having to deal with these men and there issues, but why do they always seem to turn out just like this? ...	
Im going on a school trip and I was wondering if you can take alcohol in your suitcase		And what kind of alcohol can you take		
Need Advise; Drugs, friends, alcohol		I really need some advise and help in regards to making the right choices, Im very very confused and worry that Ive done some wrong things. I didnt want to and I didnt mean to but it all just happened so fast.... This weekend I went with some older friends (Im 16 and theyre 19) to a music fest. I had told them Id used before so I could be cool just in conversations and when talking about drugs and they said that they no longer use as they dont think its good which is why I went with them. I thought the festival would be all about the music and was told that is would be but it was actually about getting high... The first day we went to the one friends house and everyone was drinking. I hadnt never really drank before this but was feeling nervous so I had a beer, then a shot, and soon had had 2 large glasses of Vodka. We went to the fest and it was amazingly fun, but I still feel like drinking is a bad thing. Anyways while we were there I had some water from a friend of theirs. The friend was high and not thinking but he by accidentally gave me Molly water. Id never done drugs before but ended up high on Molly. My friends took care of me and I had an amazing time. If it feels so good why is it illegal and why do I feel so bad about it? I didnt mean to do it and had I known I wouldnt have. The next night they all were doing Molly and weed and I was sober. I left them as I wanted to see the bands. Being alone and sober was kind of scary at the fest and I started to doubt my choice of coming there. Id told my parents that no one was using though so I couldnt leave. I bought water this time but was still drugged. I found out it is a thing called GHB which can be slipped into drinks and food which is what happened. I met with them after I sobered. They were still very high and I fell asleep on the one guys lap. I really like him though and he treated me amazing but I fear the idea of hanging out with people that do drugs. The last night we all were not sure what to be doing. They were rolling joints in the car and I was worried about it, then some of them were smoking. Ive never done weed or anything till this weekend (I still havet smoked though). Anyways we went to the campground and by this time I felt like getting drunk as I was bored and nervous and still feeling the GHB. I found some drinks for everyone (were all underage though my friends are college freshmen.). We got drunk and they all got stoned. So heres my question. Should I feel bad about this weekend? Should I still be friends with them? If drugs make you feel so good, why are they illegal? And if I can I get out of a situation like this the next time?? Thanks! Im sorry its such a long post!		
Why is weed illegal and alcohol is not		why is it ok to drink, but not ok to smoke weed even tho its much more safer and less addicting?		
Is my husband an Alcoholic		How do you define an alcoholic? behaviours etc?		
How many famous high-functioning alcoholics/addicts like Winston Churchill from history/present can you name			http://www.projectknow.com/wp-content/up? http://discoveringalcoholic.com/wp-conte? http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_84d_F3GDjPE/SO? http://kytx.images.worldnow.com/images/1?	
Illegal Consumption of Alcohol while driving. 19 years old, State of Utah. Serious Question.		Last night I was pulled over, the police officer didnt tell me why he was pulling me over but i told him that i had my temporary registration taped to the front of my car because the back windows were too tinted, he said that he smelled alcohol on me, made me take a breathalyzer and i blew a .03, I was then taken to an office where we just filled out paper work and he said that i am being charged of illegal consumption of a minor, they later found two unopened beers in my trunk and i had an empty wine bottle in my car because i collect really cool bottles. I live in Utah, what do you think my Penalties will be? Will i get my license suspended and can that be waved? and would my chances be easier if i applied for a hearing. I believe he told me that if i apply for a hearing that my driving privelages wont be suspended? Not sure. what is the best route going about this. this is also my very first offense. but they didnt charge me with posession of alcohol on my citation just illegal consumption of alcohol. Im also 19 years old. and i was very cooperative.		
Taking Vicodin on alcohol		Hello so I just finished the night drinking, about 10 or so drinks. I lost my voice and my throat really hurts especially when I swallow. If I wake up at 1pm and take 10mg Vicodin will it be bad for my liver, also I be drinking again that night after about 8 hours after taking the Vicodin. So to summarize, I drank tonight, want to take Vicodin in afternoon, and I will be drinking at night. How bad is this?		
India, why growing number of young girls becoming alcoholic.....		Alcohol is not consider good even in India, but these days a number of young girls and women falls prone to this menace........ particularly the young girls/women in our metropolitan cities drinks Beer or other alcoholic drinks without any hesitation in their gatherings or parties....... where our culture is moving ? is it our societys responsibility or parents to take this issue seriously.........? ( i dont need answers from western users as every sin is common there ) !!		
I have a good question is refusing a blood alcohol test charge not as bad of crime as being charged with a dui		Like if you ask for an attorney and then they charge you for not taking it. I am in Washington state and Im watching a cops show and just curious?	Additional Details This all makes think it would depend on why you got pulled over wreck less driving, crashing or whatever while drunk because you might get that 1 year suspension anyway but not get a dui or both depending on what you where doing. I was thinking like those people who never drive but just get pulled over in the bar parking lot but never moved there cars might stand a chance at winning.	
Which is worst to do in your opinion: smoke or drink alcohol			Additional Details Wow, most of you all have really good reasoning for yalls answers.	
24yo alcoholic. Thin body became "Skinny-fat" type. Can i get fit still drinking some ammount		Alcohol and me... Its been almost 3 years. Ive been to detox 2 times, relapsed, but now im much better, less addicted, still drinking though (im also medicated for depression). Im working out a lot, increasing my health but i cant seem to stop drinking hence i drink what i read fattens you less: Diet-Coke mixed with a bit whisky. Ive successfully contained urges, managed to work out and drink. My question is, is this doable?	Additional Details @Barcode, really that only does not help me but pisses me off. If putting a gun in my head would not damage my family i would have done it long ago from the depression problems. If i get a cirrhosis ill just waste myself. I do not drink that much ATM. Still the curse is on me, all day.	
Making a board game for alcohol awareness school project Ideas		I am in high school this is a research project and raising awareness for alcohol abuse. I am making a board game. I have my cardboard and supplies, I have no idea how to design the game board or how to present my information. Help? Thanks :)		
Ideas for alcohol awareness board game school project		I am in high school this is a research project and raising awareness for alcohol abuse. I am making a board game. I have my cardboard and supplies, I have no idea how to design the game board or how to present my information. Help? Thanks :)		
Oh no! I think Im on the verge of becoming an alcoholic!		So Im a 19 year old female. Im a freshman in college. I had my first experiences with alcohol this year. Ive blacked out probably more than 3 times. (But im also very small like 51 and 115 lbs) And I really actually enjoy the feeling of getting drunk. Its a good time. I like feeling kind of out of it. Drinks usually dont seem as strong to me as my other friends and Ive never thrown up. Usually I just drink with my friends on the weekend. But I got some drinks to keep in my room. I was going to save them for the weekend but I drank one yesterday and I couldnt resist drinking one today. I just dont want this to become a problem :( Im worried. I think I had some alcoholics in my family too.		
Year 12 research project "are party drugs more popular than alcohol" PLEASE HELP AND ANSWER		as you see my research topic above i need to know some of the prices of party drugs as one of the little question to research about, some main drugs that i would like to know the prices about are - Heroin Cocaine Methamphetamine Crack Cocaine LSD (acid) Ecstasy Marijuana Psilocybin Mushrooms PCP and yes i understand that price are different all over the place which is why ill be doing an adverage on each price. THANKS FOR HELPING :)		
Am I an alcoholicaholic		I am only attracted to alchoholics, its like Im addicted to them. Does anyone else have experience with alchoholicaholism? How do I get over it?		
Is this common for an alcoholic to recover the way I describe below		I am wondering if it is common that an alcoholic, in the case of the neighbor a severe alcoholic, can just get better on their own as this neighbor of my parents did. The neighbor just died of cancer (unrelated to her past alcoholism) and was much better in her last 10+ years of life to the point of being sober for about 6 years or so. She did not go to AA or therapy and just on her own seemed to get better. The son of hers who told my parents this at the funeral was very open about her drinking so he seemed sincere in saying that for unknown reasons it just got better. He credits prayer and I wondered if this happens sometimes. She had been an alcoholic for about 20-25 years before getting better. So I was just curious if this happens or if it almost always requires detox and therapy?		
Can anybody list me any female alcoholics		I really wanted to know how many female alcoholics		
Alternatives to drinking alcohol		Serous questions folk. I am unable various heath reasons to consume any alcoholism. I only go clubbing a few times a year. What would be better: cocke, ecstasy, xanax or ??? Dont preach to me please about drug addiction or abuse.. Also no weed since it puts me to sleep. I would only try this 1-3 time a year.		
How do people get addicted to alcohol		Ive always wondered. My parents drink and they become angry and argumentative, why do they drink if the same thing happens every time?		
Coping with an Alcoholic Mom		How to deal with this when I want to do is run the other way My Parents were alcoholics, every evening when we came home from school or college we would see them either drunk or steadily getting there and fighting and beating each other up. That was all I remember of my early life, being embarrassed and fearful. My older siblings would get in the middle of their fights and things would get worse and they as a team would turn on us.. We saw that till my Dad died all of a sudden with Pancreatitis and Bronchitis issues at 70. He never complained of pain or anything but I guess he must have just drank himself to happy ignorance. My Mum on the other hand when he felt really ill a few months before he died actually told him that if he stopped drinking he might die of brain hemorrhage. At that time we ( 5 kids) did not know anything about Encephalopathy, cirrhosis etc. My sister and brother?s wedding took place in the last 2 years before he dies. They were embarrassing events. I got married about 2 years after, wonderful marriage..very happy. But the moment my Dad passed on, My Mum began to worry about how to get alcohol for herself, the 3 of us sisters offered to buy it for her from stores far from where we lived to avoid the embarrassment now of the her going to buy it. We did dapple with alcoholism ourselves but have managed to shake it off with the kind of guys we married. She lived with my youngest sister for nearly 10 years then she got married and left 3 years ago when my Mum was 71..we were worried as to how she may cope. She did what we dreaded she started getting her own alcohol and the full time help who was staying with her said she was wasted the whole time. We all now live in other countries from where my Mom lives . About 3 years ago my Mum was rushed to ER due to symptoms of Hep. Encep and cirrhosis? we all rushed there with kids in tow thinking we may lose her. I stayed with her for nearly 2 months and when she was able to air travel the youngest and oldest daughters took her in and she stopped alcohol all together. She created a lot of trouble between them with gossip. being depressed,tantrums and sulking, which was exactly the way she was when drunk. My brother who lived nearby with his family broke away from it all, the fighting, the guilt and he is angry with all of us, his sisters as well. In Dec 2012 she was diagnosed with Liver cancer with liver pain as symptoms, she was flown back to her home and I arrived that week to start the chemo therapy , 6 weeks later my other sister flew in for the next phase?I could go on but my reason of writing all this is, if you drink research the effects and stop?if not you will have abused, confused kids not knowing how to cope. Today my Mum thinks she did a great job raising us, she can?t understand why we don?t live with her and never acknowledges she drank and misbehaved. And if we dare mention it she gets depressed and sulks. How do we find it in us to forgive especially when she doesn?t even acknowledge. Today she is mentally instable due to the Encephalopathy, we are psychologically affected and have idea how to handle it.		
Should I quit cigarettes, alcohol, and dip		I like to smoke cigs, drink, and dip. Im 16 and I weigh 145 and Im in really good shape. Im not seeing any downsides to any of the things above. They all seem to relieve stress and make everything more fun. I dont feel addicted I just like being drunk or buzzed, thats when me and my friends get along best. Im not seeing any changes in my health either, why are these things considered bad. Its not like Im an alcoholic either and I dont care about killing brain cells because Im in all advanced classes and usually have all As. P.S. I DONT DRINK AND DRIVE		
Are alcohol and cigarettes more dangerous than crystal meth		Im 24 and drink on average about 20 units of alcohol per week and have been doing so for the past 7 years or so and in the past year ive started smoking too. I now smoke on average about 10 cigs per day. My friend says I may as well start using cocaine or crystal meth since its less dangerous than what I am currently doing. Is this true? I hate my life and like things that numb my emotions.		
For those with an alcohol problem, video is helpful		See video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVZ-J3c8_?		
What exactly is the " Dt,s " from alcohol 		My dad,s pal had the Dt,s and he seen spiders and jelly men chasing him . How can alcohol cause this ? Surely if alcohol could make ppl see things like this it should be banned ?		
Which alcoholic drink is safer to drink for bodybuilders		allright, when I go somewhere I always drink soda or water while everyone drinks alcohol as hell sometimes people thing that I am a religion fanatic or an old alcohol addict trying who is in a rehabilitation program. thing is, how can I enjoy alcohol which doesnt kill my gain? and how often		
Alcohol abuse, what damage am I doing to my body		I just turned 23 but my issues with alcohol (DUI, alcohol poisoning, blacking out) go back about 5 years and recently has escalated. At first it was a weekend thing just to socialize, then more than weekends, now everyday. I used to drink hard alcohol but now I only drink wine because I can drink a lot of it, stay awake but also get trashed. My tolerance is increasing so I drink at least a 750ml bottle of 9% wine but usually if I can over 1250ml (1 1/2 bottles) of wine every night. I also drink during the day, about 2 glasses. So about 2 bottles a day, alone. I know I have a problem and it is not healthy to drink this much but it is my way of dealing. What I really want to know is what damage I am doing to my body? P.S Not sure but this has probably been going on off and on for about a year. When I do stop its only for a few days. Also I am a girl about 180lbs.		
POLL: Have you ever been addicted to drugs or alcohol		are you sober now?if so how, and how long?		
I have a two part question on online alcohol rehab		Part one is has anyone heard of www.powertoquit.org It says its free and a 3 month program but the only review I could find on it said they charged the guys card and kept charging it even though he canceled. Part two is I need to have an online rehab site. I cant afford too much money. You know cuz addicts dont have alot of cash on hand. So Im looking for recommendations of free or inexpensive sites. Please dont comment on how you get what you pay for and you cant put a price on your health. These comments come from people with health insurance through work, etc. I dont have that option currently. Thanks for the help in my Do Over in life.	Additional Details I know of AA of course. Im not the spiritual type. And while AA people would say it doesnt matter that is extremely far from the truth. I would not accept that as an option. So something else please	
Hey guys recently i have been diagnosed with non alcoholic FATTY LIVER. what should i do		i know what fatty liver is and everything but i dont know what one must do to keep the liver in a better health. iam 25 years old. i want to know am i the only one with this disease? i feel scared? what is the life span of a fatty liver person? and should i avoid taking regular food? do i completely have to stop eating ice cream? and how many slices of brown bread can you eat? and does green tea help? and what excercises do i have to do?		
How can i stop my alcoholism 			I drink every morning noon and night and all through out the night . On a 24 hour basis i drink roughly 2 bottles of spirits , 9 litres of cider 2 bottles of wine and about 12 beers . I have had liver tests done and luckily im holding out well , but my brain isnt too well cause i keep seeing things that arent there and i get paranoia.. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks !	
What causes cirrhosis of the liver besides alcohol abuse				
Risks of using Nuero Energy drinks with alcohol		I recently tried mixing Nuero-Passion with goldschlagger. Would any of the ingredients within Nuero-Drink have a reaction that would cause problems like if alcohol and lecithin were not agreeable? Maybe the alcohol disintegrates some ingredients?		
Is alcohol a sin in Christianity				
Am i addicted to alcoholism			i drink a can of beer contains 8% of alcohol every week. I started drinking when i was 15. when i was 15 i drank just to help me to forget all the bad things that happens in my life. but when i grew older things seems to get worse like getting bullied at school and thats when i started drinking 1 to 2 cans of beer everyweek. Now i cant help myself to stop drinking. now i m 18. thanks for all your comments.	
Drug Addiction, Alcoholics & terrible comedy; why		Its 1:11 PM here, time to piss folks off by asking a question nobody seems to be able to answer without defending some illogical munchies threaded B.S. Why are more people becoming acceptable to Drug addiction & Alcoholics<SEMCOL> which has ruined comedy altogether. "Oh you cant get addicted to weed<SEMCOL> you only crave it" That is called addiction<SEMCOL> so you dont go through withdraws if you dont have it... still addiction. Its utterly pathetic<SEMCOL> people accepting sitting on your backside smoking pot & Drinking beer instead of supporting the stop of hunger or curing diseases. Tell me<SEMCOL> ever known someone who smoked or drinked that become anything more then a complete tool with a superiority complex that thinks they know more about what they do then everybody else? "Prohibition didnt work"<SEMCOL> prohibition didnt work because we just took alcohol away instead of teaching people why it should be illegal.		
How can I get my mam to stop drinking alcohol		My mother has always been an alcoholic but recently it has gotten much worse. She is now in her 60s and has become very frail. She doesnt eat or sleep, all she seems to care about is her next drink. Any advice?		
Teens, how do you feel about drugs and alcohol			I always thought that most teens used drugs, at least occasionally, but Ive met a lot of people who dont recently. Ive tried quite a few drugs, and usually do something along those lines with my friends every weekend, Ive never had any negative consequences, and Im not addicted. I smoked weed for the first time at 12, Im 16 now. Do you think this is bad? I maintain good grades in honors classes. Do you think its normal?	
If the government got rid of laws keeping kids from getting guns, alcohol etc, is that an example of...		...the government interfering with parenting decisions...or is that an example of the government choosing to no long interfere with parenting decisions? I know someone who feels that when the government chooses to stop making certain things illegal for children that the government is somehow getting between children and their parents. Whereas I feel its the opossite. When the government stops making laws that seek to control what children are allowed to do, they hand those decisions back over to the parents. What are your feelings on this subject?	Additional Details @Ira I dont really agree. I think it would be better for the government to fine parents for allowing their children to do things that cause them harm or cause harm to others. I think that would encourage parents to start watching their kids better and stop expecting the government and businesses to do their job for them. Its time the government gets out of the nanny business.	
Why do people get addicted to drugs and alcohol				
Do yo know someone who has 25 degrees in Fixed sign and are they alcohol addicted	Invoker			Additional Details Especially in Leo* also where is it[planet,rising etc ? ] and I meant You* [uhh this makeshift toaster 2.0 deluxe laggg ] -.-
Teenager leaving home and possible abuse of alcohol		Please help, My daughters behaviour started to change one year ago. From A student to a rebel .She dropped out of higschool first , than came troublesome boyfriend to whom she fell pregnant with at the age of 16. Then we found out she is pregnant so we convinced her to come back home to support her , we went out our way to deal with everything even though we were not happy about it. She enrolled back in school and we thought things just might get better. Then miscarriage happened so we supported her trough that. We were trying to be supportive and to encourage her to finish her school , help her out get driving licence be there for her. Her boyfriend is just like her no highschool 16 year old and is not very good influence on her at all. She has left the house 7 days ago and from what I hear has no intention coming back home. She left the school and is intending to find full time job. Overall respect for the family does not exist , we are always the bad guys, she is not even calling us or answering the phone calls. We are also suspecting that she may be abusing alcohol and weed? I either go to sleep in tears or wake up in tears, my little girl who had everything decided to leave us and run away. Do you have similar experiences, how did you deal with it?		
Have you ever seen someone so desperate for alcohol that they drank their own alcohol laden puke			Just so none of it would go to waste?	
14 and drink alcohol		What age were you when you started drinking? I am 14 and just started drinking earlier, Im drinking berryslow gen mixed with Pepsi because Ive had a lot on my mind and need to loosen up a bit. Is this bad? Side effects? Anything??		
What are some Alcohol abuse essay topics				
Why are drugs and alcohol more...		socially acceptable ways of coping with problems than cutting or burning yourself? I noticed in high school that when people found out I was cutting they would call me psycho and say it was disgusting and crazy, I once even had a heroin addict tell me its stupid because Im doing it to myself, yet he injects heroin into his body too? but if someone snorted pills or drank when they got upset, all people would say was "oh, you shouldnt do that." so basically, cutting is less acceptable, even though drugs and alcohol harm your body just as much, if not more. Does anyone have an idea why? also, since I know itll be said. I did NOT cut for attention, and never wanted anyone to find out.(my sister told a friend, who told a friend and just almost everyone found out.)		
Am I am alcoholic even though Im not dependent on alcohol		So my co-worker recently told me that he thinks I have a problem with alcohol... I disagreed. But I took a few different alcoholism online self-screening tests and all of them said I was an alcoholic. But the thing is, I dont feel the need to drink. I am not dependent on alcohol. Sure Ill drink if I want to and if I dont have anything important to do that night or the next morning, but I have no trouble with not drinking. I dont experience any symptoms of withdrawal or anything like that. I dont need to drink - I just like to drink. Am I an alcoholic even though Im not dependent on alcohol?		
Did Jesus suffer Drug/Alcohol addiction		I have heard this a million times in the church. I dont know if it is actually in the Bible or not. Ive heard many pastors and christians say that Jesus understands the pain we go through here on earth. He understands all of our hardships because when he was alive he experienced it too. He knows what its like thats why he died on the cross for us. One of the main problems I have had in my life is drug addiction and depression. Was Jesus, The one and only Living God a drug addict? How could he have known what this is like? I know he drunk wine and there is a small part of the Bible right before he dies when he is offered sweet wine from the Roman Soldiers. He refused the wine and said he will not drink again until he is in heaven with his father. Do you think this may evidence to some sort of alcohol/drug dependence or addiction? Another thing I just remembered. Rape victims. Was Jesus ever raped? How could Jesus know what its like to get raped? Did he experience this while he was alive on earth? I know this is not in the bible but do you think its possible for Jesus to have been raped? What about the pain and guilt for caused by hurting someone else and making them a victim. Does Jesus know what this is like? I talked to a guy who raped one of his family members, he didnt seem like a bad guy. He sounded very apologetic and couldnt stop talking about how he wished he never have done something so horrible, even though he never was caught and faced no jail time or any punishment for it except for the guilt. If jesus never sinned how could he know what that felt like? Can anyone find evidence for this in the bible? I would prefer replies to believers in God or people who actually like to read the bible. Im so lost....	Additional Details @ Sheaperd There is a very famous pastor named Charles Stanley. He has a TV show, radio show, multiple books and a huge church in Atlanta, Georgia. I have heard him say this many, many times. Not only that Ive heard my own pastor at my old church say this, You can call me a lair but you would be wrong to do so. I am seriously looking for answers here, and if you are in denial you can just lookup Dr. Charles Stanleys work.	
Can Muslims Drink Alcohol and Smoke Cigarettes		Im planning to become a Muslim. Ive been reading the Quran, and my significant other who is Muslim has convinced me to convert(she hasnt told me to, I just decided on my own whim because it just seems so right). We have been together for a year, and the me who was convinced that Id never be religious has changed. Ive never been religious -- I went to a Christian church growing up until I was about 10(my grandparents were HARDCORE Christian(my parents not really), but I didnt believe anything I was told). It all sounded like some fairy tail -- telling us kids to be good and behave or else something bad will happen to us(please....). Im now agnostic. I accept the beliefs of any religion, all I want is peace. I dont want someone to dislike me because I dont accept their religion/beliefs. Ive lived by my own ideals thus far, and every religion Ive come in contact with only has ideals for the better of humanity -- Im perfectly fine with this. I have however grown up in a society where alcohol consumption is the norm, and drinking is common in social events such as weddings, reunions, or birthday parties. What I understand is that alcohol, no matter how many positive properties it may contain for the human body, is primarily a poison to the body that the liver must filter out. I understand why Muslims are told not not to drink in the Quran, BUT my concern is why is it that the majorty of males in Indonesia smoke cigarettes? Is not tobacco as equally haraam as alcohol? Just last month I travelled to Jarkarta for 4 weeks -- the largest Muslim populated city in Jakarta(the capital city of the largest Muslim populated country in the world...). The Muslim population is purportedly almost 80%(210 million)<SEMCOL> They have the largest Muslim population in the world<SEMCOL> hell, I even woke up to the prayer music playing from the mosques everyday during my stay. Yet I was flabberghasted -- soooooooooo many Indonesians smoked cigarettes -- and smeared all over the TV were cigarette commercials which would have been banned decades ago from television in western countries. I couldnt believe it... Even non-religious people would never tolerate such a thing -- yet Indonesia seemed money-driven by the tobacco industry. I understand why Muslims cant consume pork -- pigs are a dirty animal which are most commonly infested with parasitic worms and bacteria and live and thrive in poor conditions. And alcohol, Im sure its not necessary in a healthy human diet at all. But WHY do so many Muslims smoke cigarettes? Even my Arabian exchange student friends from Saudi smoke and they are Muslim. Is that just a sin they must bear with or what? Ive always considered the Muslim religion to be strict and diehard(that is, obeying the Quran -- most Christians/Catholics I know of commit many sins...). Praying 5 times a day, fasting during Ramadhan, repenting if you missed any days fasted... No other religion(I know of) is similar in this fashion. Are the majority of male Muslims who happen to be addicted to nicotine just doomed? Did I just meet the wrong type of Muslims? Are there Muslims who smoke/drink and those who dont? Im all very confused. It seems to me as though most Muslims are just normal human beings who get addicted to drugs like everyone else and act on impulse rather than willpower. I figured that, like my girlfried and as the Quran reads, no Muslim smokes, drinks, and they do everything in their power to obey Allah.		
Why do people drink alcohol		ITS BAD FOR YOU AND ITS NOT COOL!		
How do I deal with ongoing alcoholic mum - Im pregnant & she blames me for her current state of drinking		I havent spoken to my parents since christmas because of my mums drinking and violence when she attacked me and my husband physically and verbally with our 7 month old baby in our arms plus I am pregnant. It resulted in her throwing us out on the street on Christmas Eve with no where to go as we are between houses so ended up living in a hotel over Xmas and for a month after while we found a new house. was so stressful but dad just stood by and let her kick us out because he cant deal with her when she drinks. I told them I will never forgive them or speak to them again but all these months on they are telling the rest if the family that they are desperate to see me and my family and that I am making them ill and making mums drinking worse by not speaking to them!!! They threw us out and she attacked me and upset my baby and husband so badly when she was drunk an left us homeless at Xmas but now everyone is taking her side and says I should make up with her because she is ill and Im making it worse! What? mum has been drinking for about 9 years and gets very angry and violent all the time. She wont admit a problem but blames everyone else especially me because I am the only one who confronts her about it as everyone else is too scared. She has attacked me, my dad and my brother and hurt us many times through hitting and pushing not to mention horrific verbal abuse (which is actually more painful than physical abuse) as well as falling and hurting herself countless times but despite all this she wont get help and my dad an brother shy away from the issue because they cant handle her reaction when they confront her. Told family I will only make up if she admits she has a problem and gets help but she wont and the rest if the family are starting to turn on me & blame me saying Im making it worse but Im scared to risk her being around my baby and my family. This kinda things happened about 20 times so I know she wont change. What should I do? Please help!	Additional Details thank you ALL for such kind and helpful advice, i really do appreciate it :) im sorry to hear that some of the advice comes from people who have suffered similar circumstances and i sincerely hope that both you and the people with the problem can overcome it and repair any damage done. its so hard when you love someone so much to see them destroy themselves and those around them but i do have to put my babies and husband first and protect them from what ive had to go through for the last 9 years. i never want them to see her at her worst or to be the victim of her abuse when she is drinking and its my job to stop that happening but i am going to try (when i have the strength) to explain it all to her and try to offer help one more time... thanks again everyone and all the best xx :)	
Building alcohol tolerance		How do you build up alcohol tolerance? Tolerance as in how much you can drink. How CAN you build up alcohol tolerance? Is there a safe way to do it? Im not being ridiculous here, I know alcohol isnt exactly good for your body BUT you can safely drink it if you keep track of how much youre consuming as obviously the toxins in your body get detoxified etc etc drinking water in between drinks etc etc. So is there a safe way to do it without getting blind drunk every time you go out to drink? Answering all 3 questions would be amazing, ta in advance! :)		
Can alcohol harm cats		First of all let me just say. No I am not giving my moms cat alcohol. Neither is my mom. I am asking because my mom drinks beer. Whenever she leaves it on the table. The cat licks some off the top. We try to stop him but he keeps doing it. He also tries to knock the can over. I do not live with my mom anymore so I can not stop her cat. There is no way to keep the cat away. The cat will climb to get to it. He is 14 years old. I am worried because my mom does fall asleep randomly. I can not take the cat and I do not want to rehome him because he is old. This is not a joke. Can alcohol harm my moms cat? What can I do?		
My ex abuses alcohol		Would you go back if he has a problem with alcohol as it changes his character too. My heart says yes but my head says no and I am a very emotionally sensitive person that thinks too much with her heart. Need advice please		
Alcohol addiction may have a cure		My personal friend used to drink a lot ( he couldnt be sober even just for a day ), I used to take him to hospital many times after drinking a lot. However he told me last week, when we hang out, that he had used cocaine with a friend ( I dont know this friend he said ), that invited him to take cocaine ). Since he took that drug, he told me that wont drink alcohol no more, he doesnt want to drink, he said he had found the cure ( It worked for him, as he told me ). As long as somebody told me once that addiction ( including alcohol ) has no cure, I got myself thinking how could him get out of this addiction just for taking cocaine once a time. He told me that hadnt used cocaine after that time. I never used illegal drugs, I just use alcohol ( once a week ) and cigarretes ( 60 a day ). My wife told me I am gonna die soon because I smoke 60 ciggarettes a day ( the only drug I use )... But I aint worried at all. Im just worried about my friend, I mean Is he addicted to cocaine?? Did he find alcohol cure ?		
How do I start a feature article for my English task on Drugs and Alcohol		Ive never done one before and Im not sure how to start it, I just need like a sentence or two to start me off! Thanks in Advance! :)	Additional Details If someone could help by doing a starting paragraph than a second paragraph so I know what to do for the rest, much appreciated!	
Please help, alcoholic boyfriend is turning for the worse		My live in boyfriend is an alcoholic and had a drug dependency as well. He uses the weed to help himself not use alcohol because weed is easier to hide, but he always goes back to alcohol. He can go weeks and months without drinking, but he white knuckles it and keeps the option open to go back, so he always drinks again. Everyone around him wants him to get sober, and he will put on a front that he is doing great and hes no longer struggling, but he is. He has low self esteem and tries to please everyone, but its obviously not what HE wants, or hed work at becoming sober. Hes in a church group for addiction, similar to AA, but ties in to the Bible as well. Hes been through the 5 month program twice and at this point I think he needs more than what that group can offer him. He started drinking and smoking weed at age 9 and stealing to support his habit. He has a LONG history of stealing, breaking into cars and houses, breaking into his families bar for money and alcohol, stealing cash from purses, basically stealing anything and everything he has wanted. He is 24 and just got caught breaking into a house last summer. He lies pathologically, and will even lie when the truth is a better option. He broke into a house a few years ago while he was in the Army National Guard training to go over seas for active duty. He got caught and was honorably discharged. However, he uses this Army Vet status to make himself look good and lies to everyone saying he fought on Iraq and Afganistan. He wants to wear his uniform to Vet day services and on memorial day, and its a deception to himself because hes trying to make people believe hes this great vet who served overseas. Makes me sick because its disrespectful to the ones who have actually served!!!! He lies to the point where he believes himself, he justifies, blames, rationalizes and denies any bad behavior he does. Either that or he will show you fake remorse but its just a act. Im learning!!!!! Hes very very manipulative. Hes been drinking more lately and tries to blame me for his drinking, gets mad when I dont worry about him and go out looking for him, and wants to get a rise out me for doing it. He will tell me hes going to sleep outside, kill himself, that he doesnt want to live, that his life has no meaning. Im extremely worried about him!!!!!!!! It took me a year and a half of being together to figure all of this out and he hates that im aware and he cant hide from me anymore. He loves to be someone hes not, I truly believe he doesnt like who he is and therefore tries to be someone else. He always says he cant do anything right and falls into self pity and wont even try to get out the whole hes dug himself. One downfall and hes out, back to feeling sorry for himself and playing the victim role because he was sexually abused at a child and no one understand, so it gives me an excuse to drink and smoke. Someone please help!! Hes got his family fooled because he doesnt live with him and dont see what I see. Im in this alone and I need to know what to do. Does he need inpatient treatment? Hes been in it before and AA but nothing helps him. How do I get his family to see it again so we can work together to intervien on the best option for him. They wont let him just go downhill, they enable him, I let him go do his thing, I stopped showing him it bothers me and he hates me for it, and I feel cold and callus but what else can I do?		
Need help for my alcoholic boyfriend		My live in boyfriend is an alcoholic and had a drug dependency as well. He uses the weed to help himself not use alcohol because weed is easier to hide, but he always goes back to alcohol. He can go weeks and months without drinking, but he white knuckles it and keeps the option open to go back, so he always drinks again. Everyone around him wants him to get sober, and he will put on a front that he is doing great and hes no longer struggling, but he is. He has low self esteem and tries to please everyone, but its obviously not what HE wants, or hed work at becoming sober. Hes in a church group for addiction, similar to AA, but ties in to the Bible as well. Hes been through the 5 month program twice and at this point I think he needs more than what that group can offer him. He started drinking and smoking weed at age 9 and stealing to support his habit. He has a LONG history of stealing, breaking into cars and houses, breaking into his families bar for money and alcohol, stealing cash from purses, basically stealing anything and everything he has wanted. He is 24 and just got caught breaking into a house last summer. He lies pathologically, and will even lie when the truth is a better option. He broke into a house a few years ago while he was in the Army National Guard training to go over seas for active duty. He got caught and was honorably discharged. However, he uses this Army Vet status to make himself look good and lies to everyone saying he fought on Iraq and Afganistan. He wants to wear his uniform to Vet day services and on memorial day, and its a deception to himself because hes trying to make people believe hes this great vet who served overseas. Makes me sick because its disrespectful to the ones who have actually served!!!! He lies to the point where he believes himself, he justifies, blames, rationalizes and denies any bad behavior he does. Either that or he will show you fake remorse but its just a act. Im learning!!!!! Hes very very manipulative. Hes been drinking more lately and tries to blame me for his drinking, gets mad when I dont worry about him and go out looking for him, and wants to get a rise out me for doing it. He will tell me hes going to sleep outside, kill himself, that he doesnt want to live, that his life has no meaning. Im extremely worried about him!!!!!!!! It took me a year and a half of being together to figure all of this out and he hates that im aware and he cant hide from me anymore. He loves to be someone hes not, I truly believe he doesnt like who he is and therefore tries to be someone else. He always says he cant do anything right and falls into self pity and wont even try to get out the whole hes dug himself. One downfall and hes out, back to feeling sorry for himself and playing the victim role because he was sexually abused at a child and no one understand, so it gives me an excuse to drink and smoke. Someone please help!! Hes got his family fooled because he doesnt live with him and dont see what I see. Im in this alone and I need to know what to do. Does he need inpatient treatment? Hes been in it before and AA but nothing helps him. How do I get his family to see it again so we can work together to intervien on the best option for him. They wont let him just go downhill, they enable him, I let him go do his thing, I stopped showing him it bothers me and he hates me for it, and I feel cold and callus but what else can I do?		
An alcoholic, liar and a jobless person. Wanting some help on my breakup.		Hello ppl, I am a guy of 24 years. I am a musician but currently I am jobless. I was in a relationship with a girl for 8 months. When we met a year back I had lied to her about my financial situation and future since I was basically clueless what I will do, and really didnt consider that a big deal because most conversations were on phone and i was drunk dialling. Yes, I feel very shallow for doing that. But actually I was feeling very lonely. But as fate might put it we fell in love and started seeing each other. It was good for the first 6-7months because I had money from my Aunt who had left her property for me. But she died two months ago and the money supply would get cut. And from thats when I started to be insecure about my future. My girl on the other hand is from a rich family and had big ambitions, and started to become hard to maintain. On the other hand communication was getting less as we met really scarcely and sex also stopped. One fine day out of frustration I got drunk and abused her on the phone and ended the relationship. I have had alcohol problems as after being in the relationship I started drinking more due to my insecurity. It was my birthday after somedays and the girl wished me. And we started talking on email. But then again i couldnt maintain my balance and lost it again. Now she is leaving town for a holiday abroad and I also plan to do the same somewhere else. My money supply will end in November. I am jobless, broken hearted, liar and a healing alcoholic. But I know the person I was with was a good person and the only reason I broke up was my financial insecurity and the lack of sex from her. I know what I have done is bad. But I have to move on somehow. Me and my ex have decided NC for a while. The thing is that she doesnt have any idea about my financial situation and thinks that my alcohol and anger is the problem. She misses me too and I do too but It is simply not possible to get back now. I have dreams to make it big as a musician and have some contacts too, but the job will not be stable. Plus I will not be able to get married to someone with that kind of salary and the kind of expenses my ex requires. Though I have done everything contrary, I do love her. And she does too. She had trusted me and I know I have broken her heart. I am looking into Buddhism as a release. What else should I do?		
Am I likely to be an alcoholic		My grandpas family was almost all alcoholics. I am a freshman in high school and I get decent grades. I have been to a couple parties this year where there was alcohol. I did not get shitfaced drunk but i had a couple drinks- enough to feel a buzz. I also think about drinking when I see vodka bottles... but in a "I wish I was at a party with drinks way." I want to know if alcoholism is genetic and if im likely to become addicted.		
Alcoholic or alcohol abuse		Ive been having these weird cravings for alcohol for months now . I wasnt all into drinking till January of this year when I realized alcohol made me feel better than anything . Im 18 by the way . My drinking has caught my two doctors and moms attention . I even got a substance abuse therapist. Its hard for me to not be sober . I hate it alot . Once when I consumed all 3 bottles of my parents wine because i was broke . i also go to a liquor store at least 2 times a week to buy at least 2 bottles of some strong liquor . Once I get a beer I cant stop drinking . When I go to parties I always worry if theres alcohol there. I drink by myself till I throw up Ive noticed . Ive had 3 black outs . I basically drink when Im sad , upset or bored . I dont enjoy anyones company so I like to drink alone . Im always desperate for alcohol I feel incomplete without it . And when I drink I get aggressive or do things I regret the next day . My ex boyfriend broke up with me cause he said I have a problem . So please can someone help me???		
What are the long term effects of alcohol abuse		There are tons of sites w great info on long-term alcohol use & the damage it can cause. I am more specifically interested in once a person is sober, what damage will they begin to be aware of? What health issues might they discover they are dealing with? And how best to treat/deal w these issues? For example: once sober, someone begins dealing with - or becoming aware of - memory loss. Is this attributed to the alcohol abuse? Can it be treated or functions improved? How much damage can be caused in how much time? Is the damage reversible?		
If I test positive for alcohol on probation, is it likely I will be revoked		Im on probation for a DUI. I tested positive for alcohol once but Im complying to all other terms of probation.		
What is addicted alcohol medicine			would it have something to do with onrats, magical deaths, and being beaten by a snake? or would it have more to do with bad Mandarin to English translation?	
Top Secret Clearance with Recent Alcohol Counseling		I am considering pursuing a position that would require me to obtain Top Secret security clearance, but I have concerns about my alcohol use. Virtually everything I see on the topic talks about situations involving arrests, long-term abuse, etc. A short synopsis of my history would be that I drank too much in college (over a decade ago), followed that up with a long period of regular but responsible consumption, and then developed a problem last summer while under an extraordinary amount of stress. Early this year I decided to start getting counseling and have improved considerably. Given the relatively short duration of this problem, lack of associated legal issues, etc., is this something that is likely to just require additional scrutiny? Or would there be a high probability of rejection? Thanks.		
Hi Everyone, Do You Know An Alcoholic That Turned Their Life Around		Please only answer this if you yourself are there or if you personally know someone who has. I am a 28 year old alcoholic and have been drinking since I was 14 years old. My body, emotions, and mind are dependent on it. If I stop suddenly its dangerous, I have had a seizure. Ive been to rehab, AA, and I am safe and I eat and work. I believe that all the help that I have received has given me tools and I am at the point where I am patient enough and really really want to stop. For those who know sometimes stopping is not an option, not only because its dangerous, but honestly sometimes it doesnt work that way. If people believe that, its not true, lots of alcoholics believe this and beat themselves up because they feel they are not strong enough Its not an option for me. I want to quit, but it will take work. I want to know if you know of someone who was similar to me, what were some of their methods? What was the timeline? Share anything with me, it will help me change my life.		
My mom is an extremely depressed alcoholic.			My mom is a depressed alcoholic how can I help her? Never thought I would be coming to yahoo for this issue but I dont know what to do. Im 21 I dont live at home but I have an 18 yr old bro 17 yr old sister and 16 and 13 yr old brothers who do. My mom has always had anxiety and depression. Her and my dad are still married but they might as well be divorced. She went to rehab when she was preg with me for drugs and alcohol and has not drank since then until about three years ago. She is basically partying with the older kids and I know she just feels like she is not needed by anyone anymore. She wants a divorce her and my dad have somewhat been talking about it. But she is blind and scared and not sure how to do it. I am worried about all my brothers and sister because they do not have the same guidance and parenting that I received from her. I am so worried about her health her happiness and I know that everyone has problems in life and so many have a much worse life but I dont know what to do anymore. She acts like a high school girl when she drinks and she drinks for days hardly eats I have thinking about calling her adoptive parents and talking to them about it and I probably will would just love to have some opinions or other options on how to help her. Its bad bad bad. Cant really explain it all on here but any suggestions would be great because at first I felt really bad for her and now it just makes me angry like she needs to get over it and be greatf for the people who do love her and the life she has. Should I try to get her to go to rehab? I dont know if that would help. Should I take her to get a psych analysis (not sure how that could help) I try and keep alcohol away from her and make everyone else do the same but she will still be extremely sad and lonely. How do I go about this.	
My gamma GT is 413 and I am not drink alcohol but I am diabetic type one ,my		My doctor does not giving me what is the route cause of high elevatio. Gamma GT		
Does you or anyone you know have a drug or alcohol problem & need help			I work at a drug an alcohol program, called Narconon Freedom Center. I was a student here graduated an now work here. I was addicted to herion. Everyone who works here has been thru the program an no what having a addiciton is like. Narconon is the 2nd oldest rehabilation organization. Narconon international recentley released a case study on the success rate of the program, which showed 75% tracking back to 1972. We are a drug free program, we dont use drugs to get off drugs, we use vitamins in such. Any questions please contact me	
When was the last time you drank alcohol		And what was the occasion?	Additional Details @Vince well I just finished me last beer 10 minutes ago. It was for a birthday party and Im feeling a little tipsy lol.	
Diazepam (valium) & alcohol			Ive been taking 5mg on a morning and 5mg on a night the last time i took a tablet was 9am yesturday morning, i didnt take my night time one and havent taken one this morning woulf i be ok to drink alcohol tonight ws its will have been about 32 hours since my last dose of diazepam? I want to stop taking it as i used to a heroin addict and kicked that habbit 3 years ago now n dont want to be taking anythin addictive but my gp has given it to me for anxiety :/	
What is your opinion on ALCOHOL				
When my girlfriend drinks alcohol she gets insecure and jealous		We are in our 40s and when my partner (we are gay) drinks, she becomes a different person. After we get home from drinking, she pulls my hair, throws things, she thinks Im attracted to others, thinks I dont say I love you enough, gets really insecure about our relationship. When we are not drinking, she isnt like this...I mean I know the insecurity is always there, but the aggressiveness really comes out when we drink. Shes promised not to drink as much but I still dont like who she has become when shes drunk. Is the "real" her? It scares me.		
How can I convince my parents to let me drink alcohol		Im 13 years old, almost 14. I know it sounds really stupid but when ever I go to festivals or something my friends are always drinking and I maybe have a few sips of one of their drinks and thats it. YES I do understand that I am only 13 and it makes me look trashy. But I just wish I could have a little bit of freedom! They occasionally let me drink at home, but not too much. Plus, they can trust me not to get drunk, I dont want to get drunk, its not what I aim for whenever I am allowed to drink. I know that they trust me to make the right decisions, plus, they started letting my brother (16) drink beer and stuff when he was 14! So, yeah. I just want a little bit of freedom and to know that if I want some drink then I can do it with my parents knowing its what Ill be doing. But if they were to allow me to drink I would not abuse the privilege. I know what people think of 13 year olds getting drunk, and I wouldnt want to be thought of in that way.		
Been drinking alcohol everyday for a month, am I addicted		I quit smoking a few months back after 2 years of daily use. I never had any cravings, BUT I think Ive relapsed onto alcohol or something, every other day or so I just feel this urge to cure my bordem. Ive been drinking about 500mil of vodka worth of alcohol every day, sometimes skipping a day. This is not normal behaviour for me... its only within the last month or so. But I really cant help myself... I used to just watching TV, stream movies or dramas from the internet, or play games while taking courses in university. But all that, since I started working part-time(morning 6:30-10:30 weekdays)... out the window. It bores the crap out of me. After work I just feel like I NEED to do something... not some lame crap like sitting in a chair on a computer like some lazy fat ****. I guess Im not used to the fast paced physical activity like working, and that agitates my body into wanting to do something physical for the rest of the day. I end up biking downtown and around the city while drinking and coming back home in the evening to settle down. But I dont know what, maybe I just need another job(if I could find one), it feels like I have too much damned time on my hands and the only way to pass it by is being drunk...	Additional Details Cool, thanks! Helps to know others out there are living comfortably(or at least managing) with the same conditions as me. I meant cigarettes BTW, I was worried about getting too addicted to them since they were supposedly highly addicting... I didnt want to continue down along that road and find out for myself. I have been smoking pot on and off too, but its only been a once every few months type of thing. I dont really enjoy the mellow spaced out feeling from it so much as the euphoric stimulation from alcohol. I dont really do anything to be ashamed of while drunk, but I find it harder to control myself with the opposite sex while being in a relationship already and I have sent a few messages I regret(but not like the recipient didnt know I was drunk). I dont go to bars or clubs anyway, I drink purely to cure boredom. Most of the time thats just at home, alone or with a couple friends. Ill continue with my ways then, Ive never had any d ****Ive never had any drinks before work since I wake up so damned early already and the last thing I need is more alcohol after Im just barely getting off yesterdays haha. Thanks again! You take care too.	
Have you ever tried to escape from reality by consuming drungs or alcohol		Have you ever tried to escape from reality by consuming drungs or alcohol? (i would really appreciate if you guy answer me with a complete answers, instead of just saying "No" or "yes" ) Thank you in advance! :)		
Is there such a thing as alcohol-induced schizophrenia		Can schizophrenia be induced by alcohol abuse?Thanks		
My best friends an alcoholic, Im scared hes gonna die		We are room mates. Hes an alcoholic, hes lost his job because he turned up drunk so many times. I pay his part of the rent now, I really dont wanna throw him out because he will have no one. His parents are alcoholics. I took away all the alcohol out of the house last week and he had a freak out and started self harming (cutting his wrists)!! He cut really deeply and had to go to hospital. He takes persciption meds to get high too, Ive found weed in the house before and ecstasy. Im really scared hes gonna die. Hes been to hospital for alcohol poisoning, when he got out he started drinking again. I cant control what he does. Im scared hes gonna hurt him self. What do I do!!!!?? :O		
How to persuade my parents to let me drink alcohol		Im 16 and I live in the UK (So legally, you have to be 18 to BUY alcohol). I go to a few parties and my parents wont let me drink any alcohol there. I just wondered if anyone had any ideas on how I could persuade my parents to let me drink alcohol when I go to parties? Im not going to abuse the alcohol limit and get totally drunk as I understand what the consequences are. I also dont want people to say that my parents are right for not letting me drink as Im not legal to buy it because that isnt what Im asking :-) Thank you for any help :-)	Additional Details Also to any people who say that I need to focus on my education, I have currently finished all of my exams and the results that I have got back have been very high	
How to make non alcoholic beer		I want to know how to make non alcoholic beer if someone knows how to make please send me a recipe please ASAP because my ex girlfriend is addicted to beer so me and my friend are going to make a beer but with non alcoholic beer ok if someone please can send me a recipe please thank you		
What do you think the World would be like if all human beings gave up alcohol, illegal drug taking;		smoking and all such things and tried to live a life free from all mind bending or mind altering substances. Would we have heaven on earth or absolute tyranny?		
Alcohol abuse question		describe one short-term,harmful effect of chronic, excessive alcohol use		
Just checking questions i wasnt too sure about ( drugs. alcohol, ect )		I did a worksheet that counts as my last grade so want to make sure i got a 100 on it, its multiple choice so if i can ask the people on here what they think it is and they give me an option it can be mre accurate rather than to give you all the options and let someone randomly pick a few and change my answers according to it and answer what you can- here they are- 1) physical impairment resulting from use of alcohol 2) the process by which drugs are "processed" by the body is called 3) (this one is an exception) which of the following is an analgestic a- amphetamine b- aspirin c- acid d- ecsasy 4) which of the following is classiffied as an hallucinogen ( exception) a- morphine b - heroine c- codeine d- peyote 5) the procces in which a drug is clensed out by the boy 6) which is a term for a person who lives with and cares for a person who is physically dependant on alcohol 7) which drud is classified as a stimulant ( exception) a - amphetamine b - codeine c- tranquilizer d- barbiturate 8) process by which etanolis produced is called 9) chemicals that affect the CNS and increase the heartrate and respirations 10) which of the following drug is a derivative of cannibas ( exception) a- ecstacy b- peyote c- shrooms d- hashish 11) what are the effects of a depresant drug 12) which of the following drugs can be used as a medicine to relieve coughs ( exception) a- tylenol b - codeine c- marijuna d- LSD 13) what are the 3 leading deaths in teenagers 14) which of the following classifications of drugs is alcohol included ( exception) a- stimulant b- depressant c- narcotic d- hallucinogen e- none of the above 15) which of the following classifications of a drug is marujuna included ( exception ) a - stimunt b- depressant c- narcotic d- hallucinogen e- none of the above 16) which of the following is not associated with long term alcoholl abuse ( exception) a- leukoplkia b- cirrhosis c- liver cnacer d- fatty liver caffeine found highest in cigarette is a highly addictive stimulant T/F LSD also called angel dust is a very strong hallucnogen T/F A Bac of .80 is considered to be the legal definition of DWI T/F ( i think is .08 and if its over that it doesnt count) Marujuana smoke contains aa higher number of pathogens than ciggarette smoke T/F OTC drugs such as morphine are highly controlled substances DWI stands for THC stands for HDL stands for AIDS stands for HIV stands for LDL stands for FDA stands for difference between euphoria and paranoia Thanks in advance		
Country songs about an alcoholic parent		So, my dad is an alcoholic. My mom put her foot down today and she said shes filling for divorce. Music has helped me through so much. I already know Because Of You by Kelly Clarkson and Walk A Little Straighter		
How can people avoid becoming alcoholics if they know it is in their family history		How can they avoid it other then totally avoiding alcohol?		
Drug and alcohol abuse counselor		What kinds of questions would a drug and alcohol abuse counselor ask a client? A couple questions would be great!		
Have you taken Prozac with alcohol		If any of you have been on Prozac (or Fluoxetine, really, since thats what Im on), what was your experience with drinking alcohol while on it? Specifically to the point of being drunk. Not like taking your top off & passing out in a strangers bed drunk, but drunk enough to where you know youre drunk. Ive read various different experiences on it, & Im just trying to get more experiences gathered. Thank you! P.S. I dont mean this in a heavy-drinker kind of way either, haha. Just a one night party type thing.		
Did my alcohol abuse cause me to develop schizophrenia		I dont drink anymore but i was a very heavy drinker for several years and last year i had a massive breakdown(psychotic breakdown the doctors called it) and spent 6 months in a psychiatric hospital where i was diagnosed with schizophrenia.Im now on a depot injection which i get monthly and was told id be on long-term.Im still recovering from my breakdown but i was thinking was it my years of alcohol abuse that caused me to develop schizophrenia or was it other factors?Thanks in advance.		
The first stage of alcoholism is characterized by		A. Brain damage and kidney defects. B. Admission that there is a problem. C. Becoming intoxicated regularly. D. The need for less alcohol to become intoxicated.		
Alcoholic dad... advice please		I am 18 years old, and My dad is an alcoholic, has been for several years. Basically my dads alcohol abuse ruined my parents marriage so they just seperated a couple months ago and I decided to move in with my dad cause he convinced me that was not going to take one sip once we moved. He lied straight to my face and drinks every day and it is killing me. It is so hard because he gets so angry when he drinks, and he repeats things over and over. He slams doors, gets annoyed by absolutley nothing. Everything he says doesnt make sense. I dont know how to cope anymore, he has me in tears almost every night. I tell him all this when he is sober but he never believes me... I cant move back in with my mom cause me and her have a bad relationship		
Is this possible with alcohol			I just turned 21 so Ive started to drink alcohol but I myself can only handle a little bit then I feel like its unpleasant tasting. But lately I can drink some and then get sick of it, but then later on I crave it so bad and I want more. Why, if I just get sick of it, do I want more later on? Am I addicted?	
Do they drug test you in alcohol abuse class 		Im only in there because I was in the car with someone who had alcohol. Im just wondering if they drug test you as a minor. Im in the CAPP class.Does anyone know		
Why cant I enjoy being intoxicated by drugs or alcohol		I think I may have a paranoid personality type. The first time I tried weed, I freaked out and had multiple panic/anxiety attacks for the entire night and I thought I was going to die. I almost called the police and had myself believe I was experiencing a heart attack. The first time I tried alcohol, I felt dizzy and nauseous, and anxious. I thought something terrible was going to happen. The first time I tried a cigarette, which was yesterday, I didnt think much of it until today...I feel restless, anxious, depressed, and agitated for no reason. I feel unhappy and unsatisfied. Food wont even help. I feel like having another cigarette, but Im scared that Im addicted. Why is it that I worry so much? Or that I cant find pleasure in being intoxicated or anything normal people find enjoyable? I dont want to be like this, because when my friends want to smoke a joint Ill be the only one having panic attacks in the bathroom, thus ruining their trips. Are there other people who react this way? Am I just one of them? IS there anyway I can stop being so paranoid all the time? Or is that just who I am? Im 16.	Additional Details Alcohol and drugs affect the neurotransmitters in your brain, I know that. But why is it that I freak out? Im not a control-freak or anything in real life when Im sober, but once Im intoxicated or my perceptions are skewed, I feel like Im out of control? My anxiety heightens and I feel extremely apprehensive, like something terrible is going to happen all the time? Do I have to develop a certain tolerance? I dont understand how other people can handle it well and then theres people like me. Also, is it because Im Asian? Asians dont have the necessary enzyme to process alcohol. I get very red in the face. It just makes me sad because all of these things are supposed to make you feel good and I dont want to be that one person who cant relax.	
Hello, im 18 years old, i drink alcohol once a month, is that bad for my health		I frequently do sports, donno if that would change anything.		
How do the structural-functional and social conflict approaches to drug and alcohol abuse differ Do you think		How do the structural-functional and social conflict approaches to drug and alcohol abuse differ? Do you think that either approach characterizes the problem?		
In order to get your drives license in Florida do they still offer the drug and alcohol course online or no 		I want to get my drivers license sometime soon but I was told that you have to take an online drug and alcohol course online and it cost like 50 dollars but Im not sure if they offer it anymore because my boyfriends mom said that information to the course is in the back of the drivers booklet you have to study but it isnt there anymore.		
HOW do I stop drinking when Im addicted to alcohol		I want to stop,but I really enjoy the good feeling I get when I drink. How can I get this good feeling and not drink?		
Irrational fear of alcohol		I have this fear of becoming an alcoholic. In my defense my father is alcoholic, so is my older brother and 3 of my uncles Ive seen what alcohol can do to people, how angry it makes people, how people hurt the ones they love physically and emotionally all for a drink. As a teenager when ever there was a party I would fake being sick so I didnt have to go and be around alcohol, if I did go to a party and have a drink I would have panic attacks because I was drinking for fun and in my way if thinking thats what alcoholics do. I also learnt through school that certain genes in your body can make you more at risk of becoming an addict of some sort than others and looking at my family tree I have no doubt I have that gene in me. Im 25 now and when I tell people the reason why I dont drink they think Im being stupid and am irrational, but to me becoming a alcoholic is a huge fear of mine. Am I being stupid? (I should also mention I have anxiety disorder so I do make mountains out of molehills sometimes)		
Is prohibition against certain drugs/alcohol constitutional		First, in the spirit of full disclosure, I have worked in the behavioral health field for nearly 15 years. I have worked extensively with folks who have psychiatric and substance abuse issues. I have seen lives ruined by addiction. I have seen the collateral wreckage substance use can cause to a persons friends and family. I dont relish the idea of more substances becoming legally available because I have seen how insidious and destructive addiction to legal substances can be. However, all I am asking here is if someone can tell me how prohibiting free citizens from ingesting/injecting/inhaling/etc. substances into their own body is possibly consistent with the US Constitution? If alcohol/nicotine/caffeine are allowed, how can banning other substances be based upon a consistent reading/interpretation of the Constitution? Has the current prohibition ever been challenged as unconstitutional and, if so, what was the rationale behind the ruling? Please, Im not looking for rants about why certain substances should or should not be legal unless the comments are based on the constitutionality of the issue. Thanks!		
Alcohol query Anxiety related		Basically I have suffered with slight anxiety for a while, and although its soo much better socially etc I still get anxious about silly things health wise. Anyway I know this is probably a stupid question but for a while (because of my anxiety and because my family always do so its just habit) I have a few glasses of wine on the night. I sometimes dont even physically want it for example if I have a hangover or Im really full from food or something but Its just habit and I suppose I think if I have it I wont have any anxious thoughts etc. Anyway I want to cut down majorly like just drink on weekends and if I do have anything in the week then just have one small glass or a bottle of cider or whatever. BUT because of my anxious irrational thinking and slight hypochondriac ways I keep telling myself if I like dont have any alcohol I will get withdrawal symptoms or whatever :s Im NOT an alcoholic and I dont shake/sweat or anything like that, like I said its mainly habit. Tonight is the first night and I am not touching a drop just to relieve my mind so I know Im ok and not addicted. Even though Im pretty sure Im not its just me being stupid! Can someone like tell me if I should look out for anything or reassure me? I mean I feel fine and I havent touched a drop since about 11pm last night! Any advice or info would be great :) thanks!		
Is it THAT unusual not to drink alcohol at all		Me and my husband both quit drinking 13 years ago. I dont think anything of this at all. To us its just normal. At work people think its weird. There are alot of activities that are revolved around booze. They forget to provide non alcoholic drinks for people like me. One of the invitations was for an event after work tonight where we were supposed to meet with a client company for drinks after work and it read," be there or be sober" like they were poo pooing sobriety. We are not religious. We just choose not to consume alcohol because we both had alcohol abuse issues in the past. I dont want to share this information with my job but at the same time the encouragement to drink alcohol is continuously in my face and I am slightly annoyed. My husband keeps saying we are in the super minority. I dont feel different.		
My father is an alcoholic		Sorry, this may be a little lengthy. My father is an alcoholic and has been all my life. I do not live with him, though I see him regularly to help clean his home as he has a heart condition, due to alcoholism. When the disease was first discovered, he gave up alcohol for a short period. I tired to help him as much as I could. He was to be given time in rehab but he refused it. Since then, I have rang numerous rehabilitation centres and they are too expensive... He wouldnt go anyway. He has since began drinking just as heavily as he did before the condition. Its not like I have not tired to help him. He is violent and aggressive. For example, I called him an hour ago to see if he was okay. I am currently studying for my exams and I joked saying I would one day be Doctor. He was so angry and told me I was disrespectful to his family for not having his surname, he swore both my mother and I . He believes we are conspiring against him. He has also done things to family member that I dont want to mention. It plays on the back of my mind and causes a sense of both guilt (because I am his offspring) and anger. Also, it is almost as if he has a form of bi-polar. One minute he is the nicest, funniest and sweetest man then within a split second he turns into the Hulk. I am so tired of people telling me to be around him, be nice to him. He has been spoiled and babied by his family and expects things to go his way.. or else. I am also never good enough for him. I dont wear the right clothes. I wear too much make-up. I am not thin enough. I just dont know what to do anymore. It is causing me so much stress and unnecessary anxiety... I am a Christian and I believe in honoring my parents but it is so difficult when he drives me to insanity. Does the Lord understand that I am trying my hardest? Does anyone have any advice as how to cope with such a man? Sorry its so long		
Alcohol 10 points best answer		how does alcohol affect the brain AND nervous system when it is just absorbed by the small intestine and is just in the blood		
Could this comment be indicative of an alcohol addiction or, at the very least, a person who likes to party		I know a guy who is (or was) a sommelier. He has posted one picture of which I know on Facebook that shows him pouring a bottle of wine into what looks like a flower vase. Anyway, he was having a conversation with a friend (I saw it because I clicked on another photo of his), and he typed, "Well, I guess that means that Ill be waking up at 6 AM puking again." I am not going to ask him if hes an alcoholic. This comment stood out to me and I was wondering what other people would get out of it. I know that he could simply just enjoy a good drink, so I am not assuming anything either way.		
Can prozac mixed with alcohol kill you		I have a friend that wants to commit suicide. She has 920mg of prozac some tequila and wine and she wants to take it all together. Ive been trying to convince her not to do it but Im curious. Would she die? If she didnt die then what would be the results? Her weight is approx 130 pounds and shes 5 4"		
Alcohol question- what has happened is it something to worry about		i went to a party two days ago it would be now, and drank an excessive amount and got incredibly drunk on spirits alone. the next morning my stomach was hurting and i was still a little drunk. but its been two days, my stomach still hurts when i expand it for deep breaths. what has happened? should i see a doctor? i seem to recall something i read a while ago, saying there could be inflammation or something else about fat that comes from drinking onto the liver but it will soon wear off. i dont regularly go to parties, this was the first in a few months and i dont drink if im not at a party as well. so i understand how my body is a tad shocked.		
Can alcoholism cause mental illness 				
Alcoholism: Why do they hide it		My brother is an alcoholic, although he claims he is not. When he does drink he goes to almost extreme lengths on not allowing you to see how much he drinks. I took him to a market and he bought his alcohol. I never saw how much he bought and even as he drank, he was still hiding it from my sight. His bizarre "hiding it" behaviors are frustrating and seems very odd to me. What is going on?	Additional Details @Marduk - I am a recovering alcoholic or maybe a healed one. So I dont feel superior to anyone, not even a tinsy bit. I just see him going to extremes hiding how much he drinks and I dont understand that. I have told him "I am not your wife or mother and if you want to drink I dont care. He also says he likes to drink to the edge, meaning he enjoys getting blind drunk. Once he collapsed on the side walk drunk and the paramedics took him to the Hospital where he works.	
Whats worse Alcohol Tobacco or Weed		In my opinion Alcohol is the worse of them all, because it can make people do stupid things, or even create monsters. Plus it is horrible for your health. Alcohol leads to drunk driving, breaking the law, abuse, verbal abuse, violence, and even murder. Tobacco and weed just make people feel better. I just hate being around drunks as well because they act so god damn stupid.		
What if i stop drinking alcohol, soda, and sugary juices		ok so im planning to stop drinking alcohol, soda, and sugary juices. I am also 23 and ive been binge drinking on the weekends since i was 18, and been drinking soda and unhealthy juices since who knows how long. Havent drank much water since like 16. I eat junk food burgers, blah, blah and im Hispanic so i eat a lot of white rice and beans. I am not fat, healthy weight, kind of skinny. i have a little beer belly and want to get rid of it. so i plan on giving up eating and drinking unhealthy. If I do that would i see any changes to my body like lose the fat around my stomach? and also i plan on doing excersice		
Am I an alcoholic ir just bored		I like to have a drink in the evening. Some times I can drink a bottle a night n get tipsy. Only asking as I never drink.all day just some nights. I think its too much but I like doing it. I dont get sweats or anything I just like it. Do I need help. I dont feel adicted I just enjoy it. I only drink at nights n dont touch it in the day. So am I an addict or just bored lol.		
Should I not drink alcohol at all		So I am going to be a Junior in High School next year and every day during school I hear about how drunk people got last weekend and how awesome their weekend was. Now that it is summer there are way more parties and alcohol drinking going on. I have read about how bad alcohol can be and I have seen people become addicted to partying, alcohol, marijuana, drugs, etc. I have never had alcohol and I am wondering if I should try to not drink alcohol throughout my life. I have seen relatives and friends become ruined by alcohol. How bad is alcohol for you? Should I try to never or drink very little alcohol during my life? Thanks		
How do I get the alcohol again		Ive been sober for 6 months now. Im not addicted, Ive been drunk before and it numbed my pain inside. I havent felt the need to drink until I started to feel more miserable, have more problems. This was 2 months ago, all my grades dropped down to Fs, now Ive raised them again by working hard, and Im gonna pass the School year. But Im still not happy, I still have other problems. Guyys are with holding sex from me, Im not getting sexually taken care of anymore, my summer break is just starting and Im gonna be absent and miserable. Plus a guy I really care about and like is hurting me and being a jerk to me. Im really feeling the need to drink to numb my pain again. So now, how do I get alcohol? How can I get it?		
Would a routine Hep B/C test show liver damage caused by alcohol		Ive recently had a screening test for the hep viruses as part of a routine check. Its always niggled me that I have a damaged my liver from alcohol as I have a fair few tiny spider nevis and i used to think my eyes were a bit dull and yellow round the edges. I cant seem to shake this feeling theres something wrong with my liver. The last few years I dont drink much at all but I know for about 10 years Ive been a very heavy social drinker and quite often everyday for long periods of time. My hep tests have come back fine so is it safe to say I dont have cirhossis or any major liver problems? I appreciate I may have had fatty liver in the past and know that the changes in my lifestyle have contributed to a general feeling of well being. I am otherwise very healthy and feel and look really well and pride myself on eating and drinking the right foods but I just wondered if its possible that even tho my hep tests were fine I could still have some serious liver damage? Thanks I appreciate serious answers :)		
What mental health problems are the result of alcoholism		what mental illnesses can long-term alcohol abuse cause or increase the risk of? Just curious		
Children with an alcoholic parent		Growing up, my dad was an alcoholic. It was really hard for me to go through, Im not going to give you all the details of my life growing up though. I constantly was needing change. I guess coming home from school, not seeing my dad, then finally seeing him at 9:30 at night stumbling all over the place, then going to bed without talking to me really took a toll of me. I just got sick of it, it was the same thing every day. He used to drink around 15-17 beers a night, every night. One year, he never said happy birthday to me, and I didnt see him to later on that night, and when I did he went straight to bed. As a kid, it was really hard for me to let people go. I was constantly using people to make up for my dad. I guess the hardest part, was trying to help my dad, when he wouldnt help himself. I constantly told him how much I didnt like his drinking, and he got mad at me and wouldnt talk to me for days. My mom was the total opposite. If it wasnt for her, I would have left that house a long time ago. My mom and I had that special relationship, even as a teenager. She was like a bestfriend to me, we never fought. My mom didnt agree with what my dad was doing either, and as much as she tried to hide it, I could tell it upset her as much as it upset me. Anyways, even as a teenager, I said I would never become that person my dad was. I didnt want to drink because I didnt want to put my children through the same thing I went through. Now, I am 24 yrs old. I dont talk to my dad much, but now I have a newborn daughter. When I was a teen, most of my friends drank at parties. Only my best friend knew what was going on. Anyways, I would have the odd drink here and there, but I always felt guilty. Even today at my age, I cant get past that guilt. I feel like I am wrecking my childs life, even before i had a child. Is there any other children of alcoholic parents that have felt this way? Or been the same way about anything I said above? Anyone have any other stories?	Additional Details Please no rude comments, it took a lot of courage to write this. Even till this day, its hard for me to talk about it.	
Alcoholism warning signs Who is more at risk (If too long, read last paragraph)		Hello everyone, Just a little history lesson here on the life of Maria. My dad is an alcoholic. He began drinking at age 8, long before meeting and marrying my mom. They knew he was an alcoholic before they got married, and he did not attempt to quit/seek help until after. Once they were married and moved in together (they lived in separate countries before), my mom realized she needed to change herself too. She enjoyed having a drink with company, but decided to give that up and get rid of all alcohol in the house. Even after I was born and my parents divorced, my mom maintained the no alcohol in the house habit. Growing up, I saw her have wine on Christmas, and a beer once every few months when we went out for supper. So I began to believe that was normal, and thats what everyone did. When my older sister, who is 6 years older than me, turned 18, she began doing what many 18 year olds do and went out drinking every few nights. Since I was not used to it, I was concerned and confused, so turned to one of my classmates about my sister being an "alcoholic." This classmate went and told their parents, and my mom had an embarrassing confrontation about one of her children being an alcoholic. My mom explained to me that my sister was not an alcoholic, my dad was. This was news to me! I had never even seen him drink before! I always thought that an alcoholic was someone who drank all the time, and didnt consider that people can have this addiction without constantly drinking. So fastforward a couple of years. My boyfriend who is a year younger than me just turned 18. He has been going out drinking what seems to me, an awful lot. But since I do have a distorted perception on alcohol abuse, Im not sure if its normal or not. He drinks maybe 2-6 times a week, and he is a lightweight so usually only needs two beers. He also has an addictive personality and has had problems with substance abuse before. However, Im not sure if I should be worried or not. Then I worry about myself. I have a history of alcoholism in my family (both my grandfathers and my dad - again Im worried since the women in my family marry alcoholics), and my perception on alcohol seems way off compared to everyone else. I did not drink until after Im 18, which is the law, but most people dont follow it. I thought I would hate the taste of alcohol and I still do, so I need very sweet drinks. I dont see the point in drinking unless you are getting drunk, and I only go out drinking once every 1-2 months. Who is more at risk for alcoholism, what are signs to look out for, and what can be done about it?		
What happens if you get caught breaking into a shop and stealing alcohol (my friend did) in the uk		i dont want any abuse or name calling, but my friends got caught and have court soon, theyve both been in trouble with police before just wondered if anyones done the same or known someone, there both classed as adults as well.		
Alcoholic Father - PLEASE HELP!!!!		I am 22 years old. All my life, My father has been addicted to alcohol. He starts at 11am and doesnt stop until he is passed out on the floor at 7pm. EVERY SINGLE DAY. He has become reclusive, and antisocial. He hides his liquor from our vision, but we can smell it even through his skin. I have found his hidden liquor bottles in numerous places like under the couch, on the tractor, or in his truck. My mom told me that his addictive behavior started in his teens and twenties, but In the past ten years his drinking has escalated to the point where everyone in my family is really fed up. But everyone stays quiet, because no one really knows what to do. My mom has begged him to go to therapy, and to rehab. She tried to get him to go marriage counseling and told him that she would support him the whole way through his rehab, but he gets insanely angry and abusive to us when we tell him that he needs help. My mom stays with him and has tried and tried, but to no avail. And I can see a change in her now. She is bitter and hateful, she thinks her life is over and it breaks my heart. My mom even went to his family and they ignore that he has a problem. They are in denial. He doesnt want to quit, even though we are suffering greatly at his expense. I have suffered from his addiction all my life, he is a nasty, rude, sloppy drunk, and he has said and done the most horrible things to me, but i still love him and i want to help him because i remember a time when he wasnt like this. i can not just sit back and watch my dad drink himself away. I want to know what i can do, because I have no idea. We dont have alot of money to spend on his rehabilitation, i dont know if his insurance would cover it. We have blue cross blue shield. I really dont know the first thing about fixing an alcohol addiction. Are there are any free services out there or anyone that i can call? Any free meetings to go to, even just to help myself and my mom? PLEASE. I feel like we are drowning. My mom is miserable, i want her to be happy more than anything in the world. and I want my dad back! His disease has made everyone else sick. and I am ready to put an end to it.	Additional Details as an answer to a question- he retired several years ago from the SHP. Ive begged him to get a job, just something small on the side to give him something to do and to keep him busy and maybe even distract him from the alcohol. But he openly refuses and gets very angry. He just yells at me saying "Ive worked all my years. ive earned my retirement!" and goes on with insults to me and my mom. He gets a retirement check, and my mom works alot to bring in money, she always has.	
Alcohol withdrawl symptoms			Ive been drinking socially for about a year now, but beginning last week I went on a little bit of a binge, and drank constantly from Friday night to Thursday night of the next week. Yesterday I started having panic attacks, and I felt really nauseous. I went to the hospital and they gave me Valium for the panic attacks, but I didnt tell them I had been drinking. Could I be going through alcohol withdrawal? Should I go back to the ER and tell them about the drinking?	
Why do people say drugs and alcohol when referring to drugs		This is kinda a pet peeve of mine. I dont understand why people and especially professionals who work in drug counseling say drugs and alcohol when referring to drugs. It is like saying plants and trees or dogs and chihuahuas because alcohol is a drug and just because it is legal doesnt make it any less of drug than other legal drugs such as nicotine and caffeine so why do people say drugs and alcohol as if alcohol is somehow different? I personally feel this just reinforces the legitimacy of alcohol as a legal and socially acceptable drug even though it is much harmful than many illegal drugs. This is a distraction because the legality of a drug is not what matters but rather how damaging a drug is to oneself.		
How long does it take to develop permanent liver damage from alcohol		Im bit worried cuz ive drank very, and mean VERY heavily in the last four years. I started drinking when i lost my girlfriend whom i was very close to. I have been in rehab and detox several times. Im 24, will be 25 next month, and i took a solemn vow myself to stop drinking and ive managed to go two weeks without drinking. I usually drink a bottle of vodka a day. Im concerned if i do have liver damage or not? Keep in mind im only 24 and started drinking daily when i was 20. Also i was reading about withdrawals. it says it can cause seziures, so im comcerned. ive never had a seziure, but have noticed that ive been feeling a lot better since i stopped. Serious answers, please. Thanks!		
Would you give an Alcoholic boyfriend a second chance one day		Hi. A lot of detail in this question but would really appreciate great extended answers guys. Thank you. So I was 23 when I met the man I still love. We are both Gay. We first met and it was just usual sex fun. I had been drinking that day. Anyway after a the Christmas holidays were over we texted and wanted to meet each other. We both fell in love. I always up until this point really wanted a boyfriend but my actions were just directed towards having sex with men as I started late at the age of 20. He told me he loved me. Always sounds good. He did. I didnt for a while but fell in love. We lasted almost 8 months. Our relationship was not working. In the time between our first sex meet and the second meet I had become sober. I was sober for many months but Alcohol eventually took me back down the same old route. They left me: Reasons "Nobody can ever make you happy" "You do not want to change. You never will" "I love you but never about that. It is about whether it will work or not" "I hate your lifestyle. Everything about it. The recklessness. Out of control." "It is not just your drinking. It is the sex. Sex is very important to me. Sex is so complicated." "I will never be happy with you". I had developed some sort of erectile dysfunction through years of alcohol and smoking. So stopped good sex with him. I was embarrassed and frustrated I could not do what I wanted to him sexually. After we broke up he met me many times because he cared and by this point I was back to being a full blown alcoholic. Eventually cutting contact. Now 9 months later he has a new boyfriend. A toyboy. Cannot see it lasting long term. But god so help me I love him so much for leaving me. I love him so much for not being an enabler. I love him so much for his intelligence to see that things could not continue and having the strength to end it. Even if he was madly in love with me. We met six months after break up. We held hands. The emotions and attraction were there. But I had not changed. We were going to meet again but he decided it best not too. The point I am making is: I have now cut all contact with him. I am leaving him alone with his new boyfriend and life. Until I can feel ok about seeing him with other men. But I doubt this day will ever come. I told him two months ago I had started to change and had to stop being so selfish and compramize for him. I am changing now. I am getting better. I am becoming a man you could love rather than an addict. Alcohol therapy. Relationship counsel everything. Do you think I deserve or will get another chance with this man one day? Probably going to be years down the line but one day if I contact him do you think something new could happen? Whilst being in a relationship with an alcoholic or newly recovering alcoholic is always draining there was never EVER any verbal abuse or physical abuse. He is one of these people that I think will never understand addiction. He just does not get why some people drink almost killing themselves. I love his graphic design work. His intelligence. His perception. His body. His loyalty when we were together. What would you do if you were him and had a relationship with me? There were plenty of good times and a lot of sober times. In fact he rarely ever saw me drunk. I stopped meeting him frequently towards the end of the relationship because did not want him to see me drunk. As I have said the main reason he broke up with me was my lifestyle and our sex life. All linked to Alcoholism in my mind. If a man really did change. Really did become sober and help themselves. Would you let them come back into your life at one point after a few relationships with other people? If they fought that hard to change and fought this hard to let them know how much they mean to them? I am a lot like my mother in many ways. Unfortunately. She too is an alcoholic. She too fell for my father who left her and could never accept even after decades of why they left them and why she is alone. I just fall in love and I think that is it for me. I really love them. But the guilt of letting my addictions take away the man I love continue to haunt me even through therapy. p.s. Yes of course I know the first priority is continuing to get better and fight my demons and alcoholism.		
Is alcohol technically a drug				
Why do people drink alcohol		I do not understand why people drink. when some one is drunk behave erratically, do not have control over self, do all sorts of horrible and disgusting things , scare others and in long run die in hospital out of kidney failure.		
Am I addicted to alcohol		I drink every night. sometimes a whole 6 pack of beer sometimes 2 beers. I have been drinking every single night since I started college. the stress is too great. im also married and have a child. I think im the beginning stages of alcoholism I started drinking every night back in august of last year 2012. ever since then I cant go to sleep without it. plz serious answers only!!!! no comments like "quit drinking" and u will be ok. tried that!!!! any suggestions do u think im addicted and need help? or do u think I can quit cold turkey without any help? or do u see no issue at all.		
How is alcohol addictive		Ive been drinking a bottle of red wine every 2 or 3 days for the past 2 week and have had many bottles of them before and it tastes disgusting! Like how could anyone become addicted to this? By the way Im 18 and I only drink it to get drunk. But seriously, it tastes really bad, how could anyone actually LIKE the taste?		
What diseases are most common in people who abuse alcohol				
What can I do about my alcoholic mother.		My Mam has been an alcoholic for as long as I can remember, every night as soon as it hits around 6 oclock or goes dark shes drunk. I saw the shopping receipt last week and out of about 130 worth of shopping over 90 was on alcohol just for that week considering she has me and my 15 year old little sister who both cant work to provide for. My Dad pays about 3 CSA for the both of us every 2 weeks because hes not exactly a brilliant parent either. She hides the alcohol abuse during the day so most people cannot tell but its stressing out my Nana as she rings her every night and wakes her up whilst shes trying to sleep for no reason, when Im trying to sleep for college shell randomly start singing in bed, walking in my room, talking to herself, falling over etc and keeping me awake. If I tell her to be quiet it makes her angry and then I end up going to college in the morning after having about 4-6 hours sleep from her. She is completely in denial and if I mention it to her when sober shell either deny it or say shes cutting down when shes getting worse or if I tell her to stop when shes drunk shell just get very angry. She turns into a nasty, annoying, whiney ***** when shes drunk but when shes sober shes alright. We dont get much money anyway as she cant work, my little sister is too young to work and when Ive applied for Saturday jobs because I cant work at college like McDonalds Im apparently "over-qualified" so I cant help out and her spending basically all of our money on alcohol a week doesnt make things much easier. I confronted her about the receipt and she said it wasnt just for 1 week and she only bought it as it was on offer which is a lie so I dont know what to do there, the rest of the family are past trying to help her but I cant escape until Im older so I have to put up with it and try and help her. Oh, by the way she isnt out of work due to the alcohol and "benefit scrounging" as some people might suggest, she was out of work for joint problems, skin problems, depression, an umbillical hernia that keeps coming back and many many other things that I dont have time to list before the alcohol problems started, the alcohol problems started when she realised she couldnt work and she started getting more depressed feeling though she was a failure and couldnt earn lots of money to give me and my little sister the life she wanted to give us (even though thats stupid because spending the little money we have on drink makes stuff 10X worse for us but she doesnt understand). She literally wont listen to or grasp and logical explanation, obviously like most alcoholics and I dont know what to do anymore, its tiring and draining looking after her and its putting so much strain on me. Im expected high grades in college and studying is so hard with her interrupting, Also, getting someone to contact social services is not an option, I am not letting my little sister be taken away. My Mam might be a problem but my little sister is depressed anyway and taking her away from her mother when shes ridiculously close to her would push both of them over the edge and wouldnt solve anything. I also have no way of moving out, I cant live with my Nana as shes in her 70s and my Dad would either say no or couldnt look after me as hes always driving lorries around the country and there is nobody else. I also cant move out until Im 18 and that would still be difficult but hopefully will be possible when I go to university. Until then what can I do to stop her annoying me as much and possibly help her?		
How can some alcoholics live for ages yet some alcoholics die young 		I have often wondered this . I live in a town in central Scotland were alcoholism is rife , and i see some alcoholics who have been drunk for about 40 to 50 years yet some ppl die in their early 20,s with alcoholic related liver disease . Thanks for the answers.		
Is my mom a alcoholic Always drinking a glass of wine		So my mom reeeeally loves wine. She always has to have a glass of it. Like when shes getting ready to leave she has a glass of wine on the bathroom counter and a cup of water. She is on the computer a lot and there is always a glass of wine on the desk shes drinking. Its always a cup of water and a glass of wine. And later in the evening or at night she will sip on those small cups with whiskey in them and a cup of water. I should know but im not sure if she has a glass of wine with it too. She doesnt drink to get drunk and like gulp it down but she sips it slowly and always drinks with a cup of water. Ive called her a alcoholic before partly joking and partly not. But today she had a meeting with my older sister with someone about a court thing ( nothing to do with my mom and drinking just a separate family issue) but my sister called and told me how the lady called my mom a alcoholic and said the lady said she could smell alcohol on her breathe. So my mom most likely was sipping on a glass of wine while she was getting ready and I saw the wine in her room. And that was around 12 in the afternoon. and another thing is I take out the recycle and thats every 2 weeks. In that time period there are several empty bottles of wine I have to take out. Im gonna just guess and say around 10 bottles. Maybe less maybe more just a guess.Like sometimes a whole wine box will be full with empty wine bottles. Is my mom a alcoholic?		
Lou Reed had a "past history of drugs and alcohol". But what does that mean  until when 		At 71 he is getting on a bit, but he almost surcumbed to liver failure recently and had a transplant. The web goes on about a "past but is not willing to specify if he was a drug addict and an alcoholic until very recently ?	Additional Details Thumbs down. "Whats it matter"? It matters a lot. I do care if people are able to get their life back on track if they get sick via drugs and alcohol. For all I know his new liver may be getting a taste of what his old liver had to put up with for too many years.	
Would it be bad to drink some alcohol at 13			I wanted to just have some alcohol one night with my friends, would that be bad for me if Im 13. I dont plan to like do it all the time or would I get addicted to it? I am not going to go over board. Pls dont be rude.	
How likely is this about weed, alcohol, or anything else		How likely is it for a teenager like me to become addicted or die due to smoking weed? I was just wondering, but im trying not to resort to doing weed, i think im more likely not to do it then to do it but i was just wondering but im looking forward to getting involved in certain things again to make my teenage life better since nows the time to do it because im about to turn 15 next month. Anyways i was just wondering appreciate any answers and thx. Dont feel like going back and editing but anyways i was wondering the same thing about alcohol/beer or anything else like that ect ect but anyways anything will help and thanks.		
Alcohol and Epilepsy		so im an epileptic and with my condition youre not supposed to consume alcohol. is it the medicine that has a reaction with the alcohol, or the condition in general? hope that made sense lol.		
Do alcoholics ever see they have a sickness		My ex sees our break up as something outside of his responsibility. I am not looking who is to blame no one is just the drink but I sometimes find it hard that he tells me that I cant be away from my family - I was going to move to be near him- He just casually says that he understands we cant be together because I cant be away from my family. Maybe its because I told him about his drinking and that I couldnt out up with his abuse and mood swings anymore. Funny thing is that he will tell me so passively yet he can be a very angry person other times.		
Please help, my friend has taken lots of pills and alcohol! Will he die :(....			He told me just now he used to be addicted to valium and his sis took him to rehab now tonight he went out with his friends got drunk and they gave him 30 pills of valium he took 20 already and has 10 left over and he also has taken coco dimal aswell so hes had 20 valium and dont know how many coco dimal and alcohol when i spoke to him he was groggy and sleepy sounding and laughed once or twice but im worried if he sleeps he may not wake up :( he said he did it before and he said he just needs to sleep it off...	Additional Details He doesnt do this daily, this was the first time in ages since his rehab where he got clean. Hes 21 i just messaged him asking him how he feels and he hasnt replied so i know hes asleep as he said he was lying down which made his head better. :/ Im in London hes in Scotland and i dont know where he lives so i cant ring 999... :( He has family in the house and his brother sleeps in the same room so that makes me feel better.
Is he dead or dying Hes not answering me, he took pills and alcohol, help! :(..			He told me just now he used to be addicted to valium and his sis took him to rehab and he got clean and now tonight he went out with his friends got drunk and they gave him 30 pills of valium he took 20 already and has 10 left over and he also has taken coco dimal aswell so hes had 20 valium and dont know how many coco dimal and alcohol when i spoke to him he was groggy and sleepy sounding and laughed once or twice but hes just gone to lye down so hes now sleeping but im worried he may not wake up :( he said he did it before and he said he just needs to sleep it off... 20 valium + cocodimal + alcohol = can it kill you? Im in London hes in Scotland and i dont know where he lives but has family in the house and his brother sleeps in the same room so he has people around. But i cant talk to his family as i dont have their numbers.	
Why do people become alcoholics		would you agree that people who abuse alcoholic drinks are doing so because they are trying to deal with a lifestyle that doesnt suit them? maybe they are not happy with the choices they made in life and the consequences are too overwhelming? instead of being miserable and overindulging with liquor why dont these people get the courage to be who they want to be and find happiness? If your marriage or career is too stressful find another one! I believe this world will be a better place if we are just honest with ourselves and pursue our dreams. this would solve MANY of the worlds problems!! what do you think?		
How can I help my brother overcome his alcohol/drug addiction		I am 22 and I have a younger brother who is 16. I dont see him much because we live in two different Cities which are four hours away from each other. I have just opened a tattoo and percing parlour with a friend which I have been focussing on a lot. This means that I havent spoken to my brother in about a year. I feel really bad now because our dad died three years ago and I didnt know he wasnt coping well. My mom is really busy with two jobs so she doesnt spend much time with my brother either. He has been getting involved with a bad crowed in school and now hes smoking, drinking and doing drugs which isnt like him at all because he was always kind and innocent. I think he may be suffering from depression so I am taking him to a doctor. My mom noticed how much he changed last week and she also feels bad because we both never realised. Shes asked me to look after Jason over the summer to keep him away from those things and while she sorts out the money situation. He is coming over in three days and I want to be able to help him. He has told us that he wants to stop the drinking, smoking and abusing drugs but he is addicted. I am going to take him to an AA group but I want to help him in other ways as well. How can I keep his mind off the drugs and how can I help him mourn our fathers death properly. Thank-you.		
If ending alcohol prohibition was a complete success then why dont we end drug prohibition		Consider this: the amount spent annually in the United States on the war on drugs is more than 51 billion U.S. dollars ? roughly twice Apple?s profit in 2011. Wouldn?t that kind of money be better invested in people who are addicted to drugs rather than fighting them? Drugs are a public health issue. We should be taking care of people and helping them to break their addictions rather than putting them in prison. Portugal, Switzerland and Germany are good examples of countries that have done this ? with remarkable results. These same success stories can happen here in the United States. http://www.utsandiego.com/news/2013/jun/? We are falling behind because we refuse to change with the times.		
Can I donate half my liver to a family member who is an alcoholic		I know that for an alcoholic to receive a liver transplant, they need to go through a six month program before being put on the transplant list (in South Africa) But if a family member who is an alcoholic suffers massive liver failure and is at deaths door, can I still donate half my liver despite them not being a candidate due to the alcohol abuse? Will I have to fork out the money for the transplant or will it be covered by medical aid?		
Will alcohol help a little bit		Ive been dealing with depression and lack of confidence lately. I was thinking about drinking (a little) before I go to school or before I meet people, so I can be more outgoing and confident. And maybe drinking a little when I feel upset. Have you ever done this and does it work? 16/F		
Can i drink alcohol while taking invega		I take invega for bipolor. Which is an antipsychotic I believe. I want to know if its okay for me to have a beer or wine every now or then. Ive heard people say their doctor said it was fine and others say no. If I drink while on invega could it kill me? Ive drank a little before while taking it and it just made me a little drowsy. Will choose best answer tonight. Thanks		
Can alcohol help my oxycodone withdrawal		I was taking 15 mg of oxycodone once a day for the first week. The second week I was taking 15mg twice a day. I am now left with 25mg - no refills. I dont feel addicted to it, but definitely somewhat dependent. I stopped cold turkey yesterday morning. Every morning I wake up at 8am and take a 200mg caffeine pill. I dont drink coffee or anything. I felt completely fine. I ended up drinking at 3pm until I had a mild buzz and maintained that for about 4 hours. I had diarrhea a couple of times yesterday however, but I took a laxative very early in the morning (oxy makes me constipated of course) and the timing was right on - I doubt it was from withdrawal...yet. Today I woke up and did my normal routine. An hour after that I took a pre-workout (C4 to be specific) for going to the gym. I dont know if this stuff would subside my impending withdrawal symptoms, but at this point I still have had none. The caffeine and other stimulants made me feel normal still. Once those stimulants started to wear off I began to feel somewhat anxious and agitated. Right now I feel some jitters and have a hard time focusing. I am yawning for no reason. Yeah I know the withdrawal symptoms have begun. I am wondering though if yesterday I didnt feel any symptoms BECAUSE of the alcohol? I am planning on drinking again tonight. Will my symptoms get even worse because I stopped cold turkey? Should I space out the 25mg leftover over the next couple of days?		
Are men or women more prone to alcoholism				
Frustrated with my father over my Alcoholism		I am really frustrated with my dad over my alcoholism. I was deeply addicted and sough GP help and they referred me. But this takes months. I was in a different part of the country and suicidal and drinking like 6 bottles of wine per day. I had sold everything and have no clothes. So I came home to get sorted and the withdrawl and journey home was hell! I used to text my dad a lot and speak to him when I was drunk and he was understanding and caring. He has seen me get sober before. Yet now I am home he seems totally disconnected and back to normal after like 4 days. :( My mother is really worried about me and keeps asking how I am etc and it helps. But it frustrates me my dad has not asked my any questions etc and is treating me as if I am back to normal and ok in life. This makes me want to drink again :(		
If youve ever been addicted to drugs or alcohol, how long have you been sober				
Negative affects of alcohol and ADHD medication		My brother and I are both heading off to college this fall. However, hes been regularly taking ADHD medication since we were 7. He doesnt drink or do drugs, but I know most teens like to experiment in college. I love my brother, but hes definitely a "follow the crowd" kind of guy. I have no doubt hell crack under pressure. I, on the other hand, understand the concept of moderation. Are there any negative affects of alcohol on ADHD medication that I should know of? Will it intensify the affects of alcohol? Will it make his ADHD habits worse? Any help is appreciated!		
Can a judge overlook a proven history of alcohol and drug addiction during a visitation disagreement		Can a judge overlook a proven history of alcohol and drug addiction during an out of state visitation disagreement?  Ex has a severe alcohol and drug problem, resulting in many hospitalizations. I believe that daughter should beabbe-ablevisit with him while accompanied by a responsible party however not while alone. The last time I saw him, there appeared to be some improvement in terms of health but I have not a profprofessionalsnion on his condition. There have been episodes of severe psychosis and hallucinations as a result of drug and alcohol abuse, deliDeliriummtremorsd many detox trattreatmentsng the way. Can a judge overlook these facts and continue an unsupervised visitation schedule without without looking into the situation? I want my daughter to see her father, but fear her safety while alone with him, and being with him for prolonged time frames.		
Will a judge overlook a proven history of alcohol and drug addiction while in court about a visitation disagre		Will a judge overlook a proven history of alcohol and drug addiction while in court about a visitation disagreement? Can a judge overlook a proven history of alcohol and drug addiction while in trial for an out of state visitation disagreement? Ex has a severe alcohol and drug problem, resulting in many hospitalizations. I believe that daughter should beabbe-able to visit with him while accompanied by a responsible party however not while alone. The last time I saw him, there appeared to be some improvement in terms of health, but I have not a received a professional opinion about his condition. There have been episodes of severe psychosis and hallucinations, as a result of drug and alcohol abuse. Deliriumm tremors many detox treatments along the way. Can a judge overlook these facts and continue to allow an unsupervised visitation schedule, without without getting a professionals opinion about his condition? I want my daughter to see her father, but fear her safety while alone with him. Prolonged visitation is a concern, considering the posibility of relapse, and psychotic episodes. My daughter loves her father and Im beside myself about how to deal with the siuation. I have real concerns and I dont know what the best solution to the problem is. My daughters father believes that he should be entitled unsupervised visitation and feels that I should simply trust that he stays sober while in our daughters presence. I cant tak is word because he has failed to follow through with this promise in the past.		
Cocaine and Alcohol use and effects it has and how to repair what has been done.		Ive been using once a week or so for 5 years and am finally at the point in my life where I want to better myself and stop. I just find that it releases stress from life when I do this. I wish I never started drinking in the first place. But Ive got addicted. I have trouble focusing on things, I have trouble with alot and it helps calm me down, which is horrible. But Now im always forgetting things and cant seem to concentrate. What can I do to change the possible damage I have done? Any suggestions. By the way I am only 22 Years old.		
What would you do Has to do with alcohol abuse.		What would you do if your boyfriend would drink and get drunk and then take his anger out on you? He would drink and then hit you and call you names and put you down. Next day he would say sorry and ask for forgiveness. A week later he does the same thing and then the next day says sorry and asks for forgiveness and says he will change and stop drinking. A week later he gets drunk but doesnt start anything with you. And then 2 days later goes and drinks again. Would you be mad and angry? Mad for the fact that he said he wouldnt drink again? Would you leave him? What if you had a baby with him? What would you do?		
Ex Girlfriend Dumped Me For Another Guy (Depression,Suicide Attempts,Alcohol Abuse)		Depression started in December, Suicide Attempts Early March. Why tell someone you love them when you clearly dont? Love is special and sharing it with someone is. Saying it to someone shouldnt be a frivolous act. It should be true and sincere. She said she loved me up until the day she left my home. The last memory I have is spending her birthday weekend with her, something which I put my heart and soul into making special for her. Amazing weekend. Then we come home to my place, she makes a point of staying that night because as she said I wont see you because Ive got to work silly (we always called each other silly), we wake up in the morning in each others arms and her mum is coming to pick her up, I say in my usual puppy dog voice I dont want you to go  as I always did. She said I dont want to go either silly but Ive got to work, Ill be back next week anyway wont I. She left, love you lots, kiss. Then 3 days later shes saying she wants to be on her own. 3-4 days after her ending our relationship by text message, she literally tried to ignore her way out of 6 years because she couldnt face me and what she had done. Then 5-6 days later she is with a new guy. I just wonder how long it was going on for, Ill never no I suppose. But do u agree it must of been some time? She obviously made the decision to leave me for him. It doesnt happen overnight. When asked why she came away for her bday with me if she had been feeling like this for a while she said she didnt no and we where sort of together at the time. Complete news to me. We where more in love than ever in my eyes. 3rd parties have said it was going on for a while and she apparently told this new guy she hadnt seen her ex in a year and when she came to my house for a fortnight after one of her binges (which I took her in and cared for her until she was back on her feet) she told him she was going to stay with her aunt and also told her friend this. She has been taking meds.		
Mum has got alcoholic disease of the liver but wont accept help what do I do		My dad died a few years ago and I dont have any other close family, mums on her own but has lodgers in her house. She has been drinking for a long time now and is struggling to breathe in the mornings, Im not sure what this is but Im guessing its something to do with the liver disease that she was diagnosed with 4 years ago. I am sick of it round here and want to move away because it is too painful for me to deal with and I want to leave for other reasons too. Im worried if I move far away she will get worse and i wont be able to get back to see her. But trying to talk to her is a nightmare, she snapped at me when i asked her if shes okay because she will never talk about her problem. I am her only child and wondering what I should do?		
Girlfriend of 6 years left me for someone else (She suffered with depression, alcohol abuse, Suicide attempts)		I just cant believe the lies! Why tell someone you love them when you clearly dont? Love is special and sharing it with someone is even more special. Saying it to someone shouldnt be a frivolous act. It should be true and sincere. She said she loved me up until the day she left my home. The last memory k have is spending her birthday weekend with her, something which I put my heart and soul into making special for her. Amazing weekend. Then we come home to my place, she makes a point of staying that night because as she said I wont see you because Ive got to work silly (we always called each other silly), we wake up in the morning in each others arms and her mum is coming to pick her up soon, I say in my usual puppy dog voice I dont want you to go  as I always did. She said I dont want to go either silly but Ive got to work, Ill be back next week anyway wont I. She left, love you lots, kiss. Then 3 days later shes saying she wants to be on her own. 3-4 days after her ending our relationship by text message, she literally tried to ignore her way out of 6 years because she couldnt face me and what she had done. Then 5-6 days later she is with a new guy. I just wonder how long it was going on for, Ill never no I suppose. But do people agree it must of been some time? Because she obviously made the decision to leave me for him. It doesnt happen overnight. When asked why she came away for her bday with me if she had been feeling like this for a while she said she didnt no and we where sort of together at the time. Complete news to me. We where more in love than ever in my eyes. 3rd parties have said it was going on for a while and she apparently told this new guy she hadnt seen her ex in a year and when she came to my house for s fortnight after one of her binges (which I took her in and cared for her until she was back on her feet) she told him she was going to stay with her aunt and also told her friend this.		
Studies show those deemed intelligent are more likely to abuse drugs and alcohol. Any reasons for this			It would seem intelligent people would know the consequences more than those not deemed intelligent. Could it be said common sense is more important than academic success?	Additional Details I cant find the exact link but I remember reading this.
I am 13 and drinking alcohol		Basically Im 13 and Im drinking a lot at the moment. A lot of stuff is going on at home and just in my life, Ive stopped doing well at school, I dont even go to most my lessons. I dont have the courage. But all the teachers do is have ago at me for everything but they dont know whats going on in my life atm. I dont know what to do, so the other week when I was home alone I went into one of my cupboards and got a bottle of wine. I didnt like the taste of it but I kept drinking, I managed to drink about a quarter of the bottle. Then I found a can of beer so I opened that and drank that. After I felt a bit typsy, but I felt so much better like I was starting to forget about everything in my life it was great. Now whenever I have a problem I run straight to the bottle and drink. But so much is going on In my life atm I just cant stop drinking. My lifes messed up. What can I do?		
Why has alcohol made me ill		OK so im really really young i know its seriously bad, im 16 years old.. i started drinking when i was 13 ( only because my friend were doing it ) i would drink half a bottle of whiskey every weekend, half of it on a friday and the rest on the saturday. and this was every weekend. no joke! i was pretty much addicted to the feeling of being drunk and i would make a fool of myself. dont give me crap about it because i know i was in the wrong.. i stopped my drinking when i was 15 after a scare i got ( i hate being sick and i got sick from drinking too much ) i told my friends that maybe i should drink less and do i did, but i was still getting sick no matter what it was that i was drinking, so i stopped all together, even after stopping i began to get extremely sick, my immune system was all over the place! every single day i would feel nausea and dizziness and bad cramps, i went to my doctor and they said i was IBS and i got medication for it and im still sick. to this day im still sick. every single day i feel sick and have bad headaches and more severe symptoms! i cant travel anymore because i feel sick.. my teenage life is going down hill and its not normal! i dont know if it was the alcohol that had made me like this or something else! i have been to doctors and they say im fine! can anyone give me advice on what it could be? P.S i have stopped my drinking all together and have not drank any alcohol in 2 years. im clean but still have the symptoms! thanks to any answers! x		
Christian Boyfriend chooses alcohol over me		This boyfriend of mine who ive been with for almost 2 yrs , on and off, use to be an ex drug addict and came from a family of addicts and violence. its been like 3 yrs hes been sober and came to Christ and knows a lot about the christian bible,i was raised a christian in a loving christian home. i am 21 yrs old so i dont mind a little bit of drinking, He on the other hand will want a drink every single day we argue because i dont believe thats very christian, he takes advantage of what the bible says ,when he drinks he likes to go over the limit of being buzzed. i know we are all sinners but sometimes i feel like he puts no effort in trying to do better for Christ. i definitely dont want him to be a bad influence in my life, and his pastor friend did tell him he should occupy him self with something productive, but that he wasnt an alcoholic and i was being childish. its frustrating, i dont know what to do sometimes, he has been a bad influence already, i would drink with him and have sex, i ended up getting herpes for that sin.what could be a christian thing to say or do? i love the Lord, and i just want my BF to know that i care for his soul.		
Alcohol control tips			Ok so this coming up 4th of July I feel like sitting down and drinking a beer but Im kinda nervous because my drinking got really out of hand 3 or 4 years ago Im afraid that if I have 1 Ill have 2 and so on I havent drank just one beer in a long time any tips to just sticking with one beer?	
Can a recovered alcoholic drink again		Im 16, with 2 younger siblings. My mom used to drink casually once in a whole with her friends or at a party maybe once every 2 months and she wouldnt get wasted! Just a strong buzz. Her brother passed away and she never had counselling for it and just kept it inside, she began drinking from depression every single day by herself just to get drunk. This took about 5 years before she realized she had a problem and she went into rehab and AA she has been clean for 1 year. Well since I am now 18 I obviously drink once in a whole with friends thats a highschool life. Anyways I had vodka hiding in my closet and today my mom was cleaning out my closet.. She started acting funny and me and my brother realized the only alcohol in my house was in my closet for when I go to parties once in a whole (I know thats stupid) we saw the alcohol was all gone! She drank the last quarte of it (4 shots about) I asked her and she admited to it! She said she should be able to drink casually like she used to and wanted to try it sinc it was there! She asked me tomorrow if I want to go shopping then toa hotel after and have a few drinks together casually? She believes she can do this because she isnt depressed or has a problem anymore HELP		
Ex girlfriend left me for another guy. She suffered with depression, alcohol binges, will she come back		My ex girlfriend broke up with me late March. Everything was great at the time. Wed recently been on a weekend away for her birthday. We where more in love than ever in my eyes. She had been suffering with depression and was taking medication for this. Also had suffered 2 attempted suicides a few months previous. Also abusing alcohol, drugs for a time. I stood by her, never once thought about giving up on her. Anyway, she breaks it off, says she wants to be on her own etc. She loves me, course Im not losing her etc. Then I find out theres someone else from a third party. I confront her and she admits it but says it wasnt cheating because we werent together this was news to me. I did the usual begging and pleading for a month, obviously to no avail. I then went no contact, until my grandfather got ill and I thought Id let her no as they got on. She finally opens up after months and says the dreaded I love you, but Im Im not in love with you. The text was, I love you with all my heart and I always will you no that. I said well, if you loved me, youd be with me, not someone else, she replied, I love you, but not like that, there is a difference. Ive been in the same situation with her a few years ago where I lost attraction, grass is greener, whatever. But I came out loving her stronger. Its immaturity I think. This is a 6 year relationship. Im 24, her 22. I understand we are both young, shes exploring her options etc. I just dont no if down the road, shell change her view like I did. She obviously left me for someone else, for the exciting option. I forgive her for it. I no I must move on, and I will continue doing so. Its just hard to comes to terms with, a girl I bought a ring for and I was going to spend the rest of my life with, could just cut me our like that and jump straight into a new relationship. It seems needy. Shes been on anti depressants for 5 months.		
Heroin, alcohol and porn addiction.. pls. help		My husband cirrently has an addiction to heroin.. but it seems that he always had se sort of addction either heroin, alcohol, weed or porn.. but only one addiction at a time and since 2009 it has been mainly heroin. He has been in and out of rehab centers abroad . And it has been so tough on our family. We decided that taking him to a rehab center doesnt seem to be helping at all and maybe my husband needs to see a psychologist and/or psychiatrist on a regular bases to get his life back together especialy that he doesnt have a substance abuse to a certain kind. Infact he abuses almost everything Where we live it is not easy to find a shrink that specialises in treating addiction so we decided to see a clinical psychologist. In out first session the dr asked my husband to substitute his heroin addiction to alcohol and keep attending  and AA meetings.. to be honest both my husband and i were shocked at what he said and my hisband argued that that wouldnt help and that it contradicts the 12 step program and that he cant attend meetings when he is in an addiction . After leaving the drs office my husband said that he doesnt think this dr knows what he is doing and that its a waste of both time and money.. im confused .. should i search for another dr or should i stick to this dr??		
Help working two jobs and turning to drugs and alcohol		There has been a lot of stress or another words life and Im not coping well. I work from 2-10pm than 12-4am. I just dont know if I can be success so I turned to drugs. I just feel like I cant do it sober, Im tired all the time and get really deteacted. Recently I got a doctor to procribe Adderall, which if ADD is real than I must have it. Its pure amphetamine. I just dont think I have the energy and motivation to get anything done. Problem is amphetamine is a drug of abuse. Oh and I drink coming down off Adderall to help ease the crash and I smoke marijuana every once in a while. Atleast a gram every two weeks.		
How do i talk to my aunt about her drug and alcohol abuse without hurting her feelings...		Shes one of the most important women in my life. ( please answer. )		
I drink half-a-bottle of alcohol 5 nights a week		Depending on the alcohol, I typically go through a bottle of 750ml about every three days. Ill take a break every 2 days. With my father being a recovered alcoholic (and my brothers recovered addicts), how at risk am I for alcoholism? I can tell you exactly why Ive been drinking: I moved to NYC without family or friends and, other than my co-workers, have no social interactions outside of work. So I find that the only way I can stay sane and not be in like..."homesick depression" is to get buzzed. Its bad because I didnt start drinking until halfway into being 21 and I just turned 23 two days ago. Before, two shots of 80 proof would get me buzzed and right where I wanted to be when out with friends. Id only drink when I went to bars with friends or at family parties. Now that Ive moved, I drink almost all week. It doesnt impede my work (I go to work with no hangover and completely sober), but once I get back from the gym, I start drinking. Im training for the police academy, right now. But I need to stop drinking. Thing is that, when Im not buzzed, I think about home and I wind up crying and self-loathing (not gonna lie - gone out before without intentions of coming back). Ill be on with the PD back home in October, but, until then, alcohol is my way of life. Should I be going to meetings? Or is this normal for someone in my circumstances?		
Can i mix Tramadol 300mg Extended-Release tablets with Alcohol		I am not actually taking them at the same time, it has been 8 hour since i took my daily dose of Tramadol and i was wondering if it would hurt to drink a beer or two? I am not getting drunk or anything.		
Does long-term Klonopin use affect alcohol tolerance		I have been prescribed 2mg Klonopin per day for about 8 months. My doctor has increased my dose to 4mg as 2mg isnt effective anymore. I havent drank ANY alcohol since being on the medication and do NOT abuse this medication. I have severe anxiety and agoraphobia. My question is: Since my tolerance is increasing to Klonopin and I plan on talking with my doctor soon and weaning off this medication safely...If Im medicine free and drink alcohol again...Will my tolerance be higher or lower since I havent drank in a while?		
My parents keep trying to make it seem like Im drinking alcohol		Just a few minutes ago my mother and brother went home, my brother claimed that I was in his room because I locked the door before they left. I kept saying that I wasnt, however he continued insisting that I was. A few minutes later, my mother decided to get a cup out and claim it smelt like wine. For the past few or so months theyve been trying to make claims that Ive been drinking alcohol and that Im an alcoholic. I dont understand why they are doing this, but theyve done similar things with stuff like this before. They use to say that I was addicted to video games when I was 5 and that I was going to murder someone eventually. When I was 11, they claimed that I was an anorexic and force fed me until I vomited to "prove" that I was anorexic. What should I do to get away from these evil people? At this point, I no longer consider them my family.	Additional Details Ive never touched alcohol in my whole life.	
Is it bad to drink alcohol at 14		I just want to know if its as bad as if you are older.		
Can I make a store refuse to sell alcohol to my addicted husband 		My husband is an ex marine that suffers from PTSD. He was already a drinker before but now its very out of hand. Like most alcoholics he refuses to see or admit that he has a problem. Myself and the rest of the family have tried and tried to get him to reciwve help from the VA he refuses We are expecting our first child with in the next month and since the stress of parenting has become part of our lives, he has again succombed to Bud Light. I have tried everything in my power to get this under control. He is a good man and I love him with all my heart as any wife loves her husband but I cannot bring my child into a home with this current environment. Leaving is not an option as Ive stated already I love my husband unconditionally. When I married him I took the responsibility of taking care of him through sickness and health and this addiction is a sickness. I am afraid for him and my child. Years back my grandmother suffered an alcohol addiction and my step grandfather who I no longer have contact with was able to go around to all the gas stations and liquor stores in the area and get them to refuse her alcohol sales. I dont know what he did or how he did it but Im to the point where I need to do this myself. She was unable to purchase any alcohol and once she was sober realized she did need help and got it. She has since passed away so I cant ask her advice. But I have to do something. I love my family too much not too.	Additional Details Shouldve mentioned we live in a very small town and he can only get beer from three stores. And to Jason I respect my husbands services more than you ever will a long with the rest of them men and women that served our country. You are very immature to say that. He could get himself killed from these actions and just because he was marine doesnt give him an excuse to act this way. I married him out of love and i will do what it takes to keep my family safe and healthy. You dont know what hes going through. He needs help. Alcohol is making it worse. It doesnt make the issue go away it just make him forget it for a short time then when he does remember it hes worse off than before.	
My mom is an alcoholic drug addict. What do I do		Ive been able to handle this for 19 years, but just tonight, shes taken it way too far. I had to just spend an hour holding my door closed while fearing for my life. All the while, she just kept saying the absolute worst things imaginable to me and about me. Im practically on the verge of tears I cant do this. She has me anchored where I am. I cannot move out on my own because I have no money. I have no money because I have no job. I have no job because of where we live. We cant move because of her drug/alcohol problems. Please is there anything I can do? I need her to be sent away somewhere. My parents are divorced. I live alone with her. Is there any way I can collect money from something or someone so I can move out? I will literally be homeless or dead soon. Are rehabs free? I dont have money to send her. Her mind has completely deteriorated. She has been drinking for atleast 30 years and abusing drugs for 5 years. Please help me		
What is the best way to use alcohol to calm down		Hi, I sometimes get very anxious, and I feel like its very physical- like nothing (even common sense) could change my mood. Ive tried drinking a can of beer, and since Im not used to drinking alcohol it really helped to calm me down (although it made me a little dizzy) I suffer a little from depression and Im aware alcohol is a depressant, but my anxiety was unbearable at the moment and it really helped. I plan to learn and try other methods of calming down (meditation etc. Im in therapy) but in "critical" days Id like to use it. I just dont want to get used to it and then drink too much. Do you have any tips when should I use this (Maybe once a week/ a month? Or could I use it more often?) without needing to drink more than 1 can of beer, and without making myself more depressed...?	Additional Details My therapist actually recommended me to drink a little if I cant fall asleep, but obviously she didnt mean that I drink too much. Still I appreciate the concern :) I suppose that drinking one can of beer once a month wont do any harm to my current condition (its not much). But I just wonder if anybody knows if I could use it more often without making things worse. Of course I will let her know and if she says anything against it Ill avoid it- but for now it really helped. It actually gave me another day without pointless suffering. :) Im considering using medications. and I wont drink if Im not supposed to mix the two. But if anybody knows anything about it, for the meantime, it would be great.	
Am I an alcoholic for doing this		I like to drink on weekends and on holidays. I only day drink during holidays such as christmas and thanksgiving. if I do drink I usually only drink 1-3 times a week. I do love getting drunk but I am very selective as to when I get drunk. I rarely get drunk just for the hell of it. If I am drinking I usually have 4-6 beers within a span of 2-4 hours or one four loko. Am I an alcoholic for doing this?		
Drinking alcohol non stop since Thursday..		Not eating food cause it makes me nauseous,Im drinking water Along with the whiskey,four loco,twisted tea,and frozen margaritas. Im in south fl and its super hot.. Been laying out in my yard to get tan., also, I havent had more than 6 hours of sleep combined in 4 days,. Everyone is worried about me.. In depressed and just feel vulnarable and destructive.. Just wanna drink to forget.. My hands are tingling today,and I feel like a zombie basically... Advice?? What is gonna happen if I keep drinking		
Nail hardening from alcohol		I recently noticed that my nails seem much harder than they usually are and Ive developed a fungus on my toenails. Ive never had this before. Over the past 6 months or so, Ive also been drinking a lot more than I used to, and it became every day a month or two ago-no less than 3 shots. I became worried that I would start needing it and become completely addicted so I stopped a few days ago. Staying away hasnt been a problem, Im just concerned Ive really done permanent damage to myself. I also didnt have the greatest diet so Im sure that didnt help on top of the alcohol.		
Is my mom an alcoholic		I dont think shes a severe alcoholic but she drinks pretty much everyday. I always see her with a cup of wine or a bottle of beer (Im not sure on how many she drinks a day). Wine bottles typically last abt 2days as well as 6pack of beer. She always tries to hide her alcohol and her cup/bottle. Ive seen her take a bottle to work before. Every time she drinks she argues with me or my dad over really nothing. Whenever i try to confront her abt it she changes the subject to wat i do wrong or all that she does for me. I tried confronting her years ago in the morning when she was abt to go to work, she said she doesnt think she has a problem and when she thinks she does shell stop. I just confronted her tonight abt cuz she was fighting with my dad on the phone and was trying to hide her cup from my sight. She kept changing the subject to wat I do wrong. As she was storming off I asked her to pour the beer/wine out in her cup and she took it to bed with her and is now sleeping with a half full cup of beer in her arms. So do u think shes a minor alcoholic and if so how can I get her to stop drinking?		
How do you tell if you are becoming a alcoholic I have 2 drinks of bourbon and coke every night				
I wanna quit smoking and alcohol immediately		Help me guys wanna quit smoking by now i tried nicotex also the ayurvedic noaddiction powder in my meal...still i cant quit both smoking and drinking...am frightened when ever i see anti smoking adds in movie breaks...also i got increased in body weight...suggest me some thing to decrease		
Just remarried,now my spouse wants to have 26year old alcoholic son move in with us, should I let him move in		He is 26, works but cant hold a job too long because of his alcohol abuse, he has actually stolen money from his family bank account and is physically abusive to his family. He knows he has an addiction but will not seek help. Spouse keeps posing the question "You want him to live in street?" I feel he is old enough to fend for himself,after all he is a grown *** man. I feel that since we just got married this will cause unnecessary strain on the relationship.	Additional Details Several years ago long before we were married, he was put in juvy for attempted murder on his little sister ( he was intoxicated). He was in the county jail a month after our marriage for an motor vehicle accident driving while impaired, so he now lost his his job and apartment. The topic has come up before marriage but even though he knows he is an alcoholic he will not seek help even if the family is with him. I feel if I do let him move in he will just waste away at my expense and the expense of a new marriage. He doesnt seem to want to help himself, so why should I help him??? He isnt my blood. Yes I feel bad but should I put myself in jeopardy of him stealing or even trying to take a life? Daughter in law is perfectly normal and is graduating to become a CPA.	
Do you think supplying drugs and alcohol to minors is child abuse		I sure do, in a different way. I would be a lot better off if the adults in my life didnt introduce me to drinking and supply it. Whats your opinion?		
Im 13 and have never tried alcohol- is that bad			My dad hasnt been drunk for like 14 years years and my mum has never ever tried alcohol because shes muslim and made my dad convert. ive already made the decision not to stay in this religion but if anyone even jokes about drinking things get all serious. Like I cant even mention alcohol without getting shouted at. I dont know anyone my age who hasnt at least had a sip by now and I just feel like with all this secrecy around drinking now, by the time I move out to university Ill just go crazy. I cant try any on my own cause im never invited to parties or anything and I just feel so isolated from the rest of my year. Even the most studious and obedient people are allowed to drink with their parents, I know because one of my best friends is like that. Does this make me more liable to get addicted when Im older? And am I just a complete loser by now for not having tried alcohol ?	
I think my parents are having problems (verbal abuse/alcohol is involved)...will they divorce What can I do		My parents have been together for a long time, but my dad is cranky, rude, and verbally abusive. He constantly wants to control my mother, her actions, and our whole family and environment. When he loses that control, he yells, screams, and storms out, often blaming me or my mom, and hell turn to alcohol to cool off. The only time hes calm or truly happy is when hes drinking or has drank all night. My mom cries to me sometimes and confesses that he doesnt truly understand her anymore - all she wanted was flowers for their 25th anniversary, and she didnt even get that. Im 16, by the way. What should I do?		
Is alcohol physically addictive like cigarettes or mentally addictive where the person mentally depends on it		Personally I think when people are addicted to alcohol, they are mentally addicted and have a mental dependency on alcohol, am I right? For example I have a relative who is dependent on alcohol for his panic attacks. I dont really think the body itself can become addicted to the substance but I may be wrong thats why Im asking. Sure I know that alcoholics can build up a massive tolerance to alcohol so it takes more drinks to get drunk and when they get withdrawal thats just the alcohol leaving their body which isnt a pleasent feeling, right? So they get into the habit of having another drink to replace the alcohol and take those effects away. I think its just the change in blood alcohol levels which cause this, not the actual substance itself that is addictive like nicotine for example. As I say I dont know? This is just an idea and an assumption - which is why Im asking. All answers will be much appreciated, Thanks!		
Do ex drug addicts, ex alcoholics, and ex smokers have it as bad as Im feeling right now		Everyone is a sinner, Everyone sins. Ive never smoked, done drugs, or drunk alcohol. But Im a sinner. My biggest struggle is adultery of the heart and masturbation. Sometimes I just want to masturbate so so bad. And many times I fall into temptation. Ive never done drugs. But I often wonder if ex heroin addicts feel such overwhelming desires to go back to drugs as I do to masturbate. As a single male, lust and masturbation are big struggle for me. Is temptation this difficult for ex drug addicts, ex alcoholics, and ex smokers?		
I think I might be addicted to alcohol			Ive been drinking once a week for the past 5 or 6 weeks, but each time in excess. Ever since I started most of the time what I am thinking about is drinking or planning what Im going to drink next week. After one bad experience I decided to stop but couldnt last a week. I havent done it a lot of times but Im scared Im addicted because its what I want to be doing most of the time.	
Do children of alcoholic parent/s tend to stay away from alcohol		My father has an alcohol problem due to which my parents have constant fights. Although he never physically abused my mom, both have said pretty nasty things about each other which I have happened to overhear. He first blamed me for their divorce when he was in an inebriated state and it affected me pretty bad, but now it really doesnt affect me as I know he really loves me and cares for me, but still he just sits at home and drinks the whole day and it is pretty disheartening and depressing to come home to witness him after a hard day at school. Thankfully, being in the army he gets pension and also my mom has a pretty high paying job so financially we have no probllem. Due to this I have decided not to ever touch drink. My mates do make fun of me but I dont intend to drink anytime. Whenever I have my kid I dont want him/her to have the same environment as I had, with the constant fights and name calling and all. Ive read online that children of alcoholic parents are more likely to become alcoholics themselves. What do you guys have to say about it?		
I need help with my Alcohol Addiction and confidence in myself		Okay, so I just turned 21 and I have been drinking for almost 3 weeks straight all day and everyday. I feel like I am addicted. The only reason I drink so much is because when I dont drink Im not confident in myself at all. I have a large nose and I feel like thats why girls dont like me. I am very self-consience about myself because of that. Its hard for me to talk to anybody when I dont drink. I stick more to myself when I am sober. I am afraid that when I quit drinking I will go through withdrawals and I am afraid that I am not strong enough to handle it. I need some help through this. I would like to know how to be more confident in myself without being intoxicated. I have been this way my whole life. I have always been shy. And I have always been self consience. I dont understand why I am this way. I feel like I will always be alone because no girl wants a guy with a big nose and no confidence in hiself. I drink myself stupid so I wont care. but when I am sober I regret everything and I mourn over everything. I just want to be happy and alcohol makes me happy. I used to smoke weed alot but I have been sober from that for almost a month. Do you think this is the reason I am shy and self consience? I just want to be a normal person who can go out and meet girls without caring what they think about me and have a normal conversation. Can somebody please help me?		
Why does my husband drink so much alcohol		i have a happy marriage of 4 years now. just the last year my husband introduced beer into his life, it was not a part of our lives before. i was okay with him having a few on weekends, but now it is everyday, up to a six pack, and now its more than that... daily! i asked him why he drinks, he says it relaxes him, but after 3 cans, his personality changes, i cant stand to be around him, i even told him it hurts me on a more personal level because my dad died from drinking too much for too long, it basically liquefied his intestines. i have asked him nicely to tone it down, he refuses, now he will stay away from me in the house when he drinks, almost every day. what do i do, i want to leave when he is drinking.... i dont know what to do.... i get angry thinking about this, disrespected, unloved, ect.		
Why government does not stop production of cigarettes and alcohol so people does not get addition.				
Drugs,Alcohol,and death question		Ok so I guess youve heard that Cory Monteith died of a heroin and alcohol mix.So how do you die from this?Like what does it do to your body to make you die?Is it painful?How long does it take?Thanks Guys.		
Feeling sick after even a sip of alcohol		Im 18 and Ive started to feel really sick after even a sip of any kind of alcohol. I could drink just fine before but 2 years ago, I got very drunk after mixing a lot of my drinks and I was very sick after it for hours and then hungover for days. Since, I cant even sip the stuff without wanting to be sick. Is it possible Ive developed an allergy to it or what?		
Alcohol Withdrawl - lost my Ativan, what to use/do instead Please give me your remedies I need help		I cant find the Ativan my doc gave me yesterday to get through the first 5 days, its currently day 2. I cant get into the city to see the doctor or a pharmacist or anything again until tomorrow. I am not intoxicated but withdrawing Im currently so nauseous throwing up (which I didnt experience for the last year I was drinking so this worries me its happening now), Im shaky and feel spinny, the body aches havent started yet, my chest doesnt hurt but it feels a bit tight but breathing is ok, and the back of my neck is pulsing and my sight seems to be off. Im drinking water and soy milk I thought maybe warm milk could help but I only have soy milk but this afternoon I might be able to go to the store (pretty much the only one around here) which has a couple grocery items but dont have too much money. have anxiety but can manage it, the Ativan was more so for the physical symptoms. If it gets too bad of course I can call an ambulance but I dont expect it to go that far, I would rather try some other remedies. PLEASE anyone if you can help me with tips or even ideas anything from something I can eat or drink or a certain exercise or dos and donts or absolutely anything little or big thing that could help me get through today. Even if you havent been through alcohol withdrawal, maybe your remedies for the same symptoms as a result of something different could still help me. I am trying to drink water but is too much water making me worse maybe and what should I eat, I cant eat much because I may throw it up. I cant find any Advil, but my husband left me a bottle of his sleeping pills and said I should take one or two when he left this morning. Will this help or make it worse, is it ok to take them and try to sleep through it as I cannot sleep Ive barely slept all night and right now Its hard to get out of bed to go to the kitchen thats the most		
Alcohol Cravings, am I an alcoholic		Im a 20 year old male, I usually drink once or twice a week, sometimes I dont even drink for the entire week (not even a beer), also I only drink with friends. However, last week we took a trip to the beach and I drank everyday. We arrived two days ago and since yesterday, Ive been feeling a little anxious and I guess I could use a drink. Does that make me an alcoholic? How long do these type of cravings usually last?		
My mother is an extreme alcoholic and I need her to stop		Im 17 and my mom has list 3 jobs in 3 years her house is being foreclosed in a month and I have no clue what to do Ive told her many times to stop or she would regret it but I never did anything we have gotten in some huge arguments she recently kicked my sister out she has always been there for me to but she cant control her alcohol she needs to quit and I dont know how to make her.. I drank for about 6 months and I quit Im done with it cause both of my parents are alcoholic and I do t wanna go down there road can someone please give me some advice		
Question about oxycodone and alcohol		I have 3 oxycodone that are 5mg/325mgAPAP. I drank last night, had arounlld 9 beers and stopped drinking around 4a.m. just woke up and its now 4p.m. am I safe to take the oxycodone? And if so, how much will get me feeling where I wanna be? Ive never taken them before so what should I expect? And how long will it last? Also one more thing, will I be fine to drink again tonight around 2a.m.?		
Do alcoholics always look for a way to ignore it		Talking about my recent ex. As soon as I mentioned about his drinking he denied it made excuses that he was ok just had rough patch but I saw the shaking the verbal abuse controlling behaviour He has since found someone new the opposite of me where I am level headed kind and caring she is extrovert and loud He didnt even wait a month which hurt me as I told him I would support him we even stayed friends but I did it for him however hard it was Is he running is that what alcoholics do his breath smelt of alcohol when we last met. He used to check his breath when we were together but he seems to not care now.		
Why is weed illegal Why cant it be legal with the same rules to alcohol		Hear me out- I have seen people say it changes how you think/feel and yes it does, but so can alcohol, painkillers, coffee, tobacco and other legal things. Personally, I hate tobacco, I have lost loved ones to it. I turned to weed when I was having therapy, on anti depressants, getting abused and my life was falling and all it did was help me relax. It stopped me taking my own life at times... I have seen legal alcohol to be more dangerous, and tobacco for that matter. Why is it illegal? Why cant it be legal with the same regulations to alcohol intake e.g. no smoking whilst driving and age limits etc	Additional Details I know it wont workcalling people, Im asking why it wont	
Alcohol and marijuana in the Army		68w leave july 29 to benning then sam houstan I have a question regarding drugs in the Army and only 2 drugs: Alcohol and Marijuana. Now marijuana is not allowed in the military, but it makes me wonder, how come alcohol is? I see people always talking about how, "I would not want a battle buddy watching my back when hes a pothead" Well, what if there are alcoholics? So my overall question is, why is marijuana banned and alcohol isnt? They are both drugs and research shows that alcohol has far more risks than marijuana. Is it because marijuana is generally illegal in the civilian world? What happens if in the coming years it becomes taxed and legal like alcohol, what will the militarys views be on that? Im only discussing these two becuase ofcourse other drugs out there without a question are illegal and cause harm and doesnt even need an argument for it. Would you want a battle buddy who drinks alcohol excessively?		
Why do so many actors/comedians fall in to drug & Alcohol addiction.		Of course not all but a lot of actors do fall in to drug & Alcohol addiction. Why did Chris Farley have troubles with drugs & alcohol??		
What is the view of Buddhism on alcohol consumption		Is it forbidden?		
My sisters wedding & alcohol		Ok heres the deal, Im 22 years old Ive gotten into a bit of trouble in the past year with drugs and because of that I did rehab and now attend  meetings I live with my parents and so I do this for them I am very respectful of them and grateful<SEMCOL> they do a lot for me While Im under their roof, I cannot drink However this is not MY choice, its not at all what I want so its very VERY hard for me But I have to stay strong and continue to not drink for them Today is my sisters wedding I didnt go to the bachelorette party, I didnt go out with everyone last night, Im missing out on all the fun Its my sisters day, its not about me, so Im keeping it to myself. However I feel as though I may burst into tears at any moment I want to drink at the wedding. I want a glass of wine thats it, Im not gonna go crazy I just want to have fun like everyone else, I want to feel normal Also Im a very shy person and it upsets me so badly that everyone will be drinking and dancing and I wont be able to let lose like they will I talked to my mom about it and she didnt even try to understand, she just said that I would ruin the wedding if I drank How can I deal with this? I just want to be happy for my sister and not be thinking about this but i cant help it its all thats on my mind and Im on the verge of tears		
Can u help me on my drug and alcohol exam		1. Driving under the influence of anger can be as dangerous as driving under the influence of alcohol. A. TRUE B. FALSE 2. The rate of alcohol involvement among drivers involved in fatal collisions was four times higher ___________ A. during the day than at night. B. at night than during the day. C. Neither of the above. 3. If you accumulate too many points on your license, it will be __________ A. canceled. B. suspended. C. revoked. 4. The second thing to be affected by alcohol is ___________ A. reaction time. B. vision. C. judgment. 5. Once a person has been drinking, they underestimate the risks of being on the road, and ___________ their ability to tolerate alcohol. A. underestimate B. overestimate C. Neither of the above 6. A Hospital sign is an example of a __________ sign. A. regulatory B. warning C. guide 7. BAC stands for __________ A. Basic Alcohol Consumption. B. Basic Alcohol Comprehension. C. Blood Alcohol Concentration 8. How much time will you save on a ten mile trip if you travel at 60 mph rather than at 55 mph? A. Less than one minute B. More than two minutes. C. More than five minutes. 9. About seven percent of those who try in any one year to quit smoking cigarettes on their own actually succeed. A. True B. False 10. Prescription drugs __________ A. are always okay to take when driving as long as they are prescribed by a doctor. B. may never be taken when driving. C. may be illegal to take when driving. 11. Which of the following is not effected by alcohol? A. IQ B. Emotions C. Sleep 12. The most confusing and difficult lighting exists at what time? A. In the morning. B. Mid-afternoon. C. Twilight. 13. When it comes to driving under the influence, the best method for making choices is to ___________ A. learn from other peoples mistakes. B. learning from your own mistakes. C. Neither of the above. 14. Alcohol is a __________ A. stimulant. B. depressant. C. neither A nor B 15. People who have been drinking tend to ___________ their ability to tolerate alcohol. A. understand B. underestimate C. overestimate 16. A drug user who has developed a high tolerance to a drug could take an overdose large enough to cause death. A. True B. False 17. Which of the following statements define withdrawal? A. When a user stops taking drugs and the body fails to function normally because it has compensated for the drug. B. When a user abuses drugs. C. When a user stops taking one drug and starts taking another drug. 18. Traffic collisions are the number one killer of children in America. A. TRUE B. FALSE 19. Alcohol has to be digested by the stomach and intestines before the full effects are felt. A. True B. False 20. The rule that says "Do not go faster than is safe for conditions" is known as the ___________ A. extreme caution rule. B. slow down rule. C. basic speed rule. 21. Under Florida law, a driver can refuse to submit to a test for alcohol or drugs without any consequence. A. True B. False 22. ___________ like heroin, and cough syrups with codeine, can make a driver drowsy and unable to concentrate. A. Narcotics, B. Stimulants, C. Depressants, 23. As a first-time offender convicted of DUI/OWI, you could face __________ A. 50 hours of community service. B. 12 hours of D.U.I. traffic school. C. both of the above. 24. Narcotics are pain killing drugs. A. TRUE B. FALSE 25. Your driving record __________ A. is totally confidential. B. may be available to the public. C. is available only to your employer with your authorization. 26. Fifty-six percent of teenage motor vehicle crashes occur on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. A. TRUE B. FALSE 27. After suicides and murder, motor vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death for 15- to 20-year-olds A. True B. False 28. Even if they are not directly involved in a crash with a drunk driver, sober drivers are still at risk from drunk drivers. A. True B. False 29. Alcohol plus ___________ affects short-term memory and tracking ability. A. marijuana B. antihistamines C. tranquilizers 30. If you get a headache or dizziness while sitting in a car with the engine running, you could be suffering from ___________ A. carbon monoxide poisoning. B. smog sickness. C. a hangover. 31. Drinking a large amount of alcohol in a short time can kill you. A. True B. False 32. A speed sign is an example of a _________ sign A. regulatory B. warning C. guide 33. Girls who drink are more susceptible to sexual assault. A. True B. False 34. A pedestrian crossing sign is an example of a regulatory sign. A. TRUE B. FALSE 35. When people become addicted to alcohol or drugs, there is a cost in __________ A. loss of trust among family members. B. loss of friendships. C. Both A and B		
What is a drug an alcohol evaluation		what are the questions		
Is it considered abuse to give dogs alcohol		Or is it safe for dogs to drink alcohol?		
How do I convince my girlfriend not to drink alcohol		Shes a year older than me and we have a really good relationship but she is getting addicted to alcohol. Few days ago she had drank so much alcohol that she had puke again and again and I helped her. Yesterday she promised me not to drink again but she did and she was out of her mind throwing things here and there saying pikachu i choose you and some weird things, how do I tell her not to abuse alcohol I mean I dont wanna hurt her feelings...		
Why does my boyfriend choose drugs, video games and alcohol over me		Weve been together for 10 years and I do everything for him. Im not the perfect girlfriend, but hes always thanking me for being so good to him. But there are times when he goes absolutely nuts and goes on drinking binges, has abused hard drugs in the past and will sit on the couch for hours playing video games. I dont know how to help him other than by leaving him alone, but I really dont want to do that.		
True or False: Alcohol is the most abused drug in our society	 Elle 			
Question about my dads alcohol withdrawal		My dad suffered from dehydration on Sunday and we took him to the hospital. He is still in there and he hasnt drank since about Saturday night. He is an alcoholic and weve been telling him for years to take it down to finally stop but he never listened. His doctor told him many times as well. He always drank a lot but it got worse about 4 years ago when he divorced my mother. Right now hes in the hospital going through withdrawal and he had to be tied down to the bed and had gloves put on so he wouldnt keep hitting his arms and wrists trying to break loose. His arms are full of bruises now. He is talking non sense and doesnt realize whats going on or who some people are and hallucinates. I want to know how long usually this lasts. He needs to get MRIs done but they still cant do them. Hes been put to sleep all day today and once he wakes up again after he gets frustrated and angry. Please if anyone could provide any info or help id a appreciate it. This is horrible and our family will do the best afterwards to get him to stop drinking for good.		
Why should we drink alcohol				
Why Is There So Much Alcoholism On The Indian Reservations		A study shows that alcoholism and drug abuse along with suicide rate is high among Native Americans. But I dont need a study to know this because I grow up not to far from a reservation and seen this first hand myself, so I was wondering why this is?...is it because lack of jobs or something deeper?...please be nice when answering.		
Driving alcohol and drug test for Florida, please help!!!		Warning signs are normally A. white. B. red. C. yellow. 2. Which of the following is not normally affected by long term alcohol use? A. Cirrhosis of the liver B. Reduced inhibitions C. Heart damage 3. It is ____ to take prescription drugs that have been prescribed for another person. A. legal B. illegal C. legal under certain circumstances 4. Construction signs are normally A. white. B. orange. C. green. 5. _____means that to get the same high, the person needs to drink more alcohol or take more drugs. A. Dependence B. Tolerance C. Addiction 6. Alcohol plus ___ increases drowsiness, confusion, and anxiety. A. marijuana B. antihistamines C. tranquilizers 7. The maximum speed limit on a Florida highway, unless otherwise posted is 55 m.p.h. A. TRUE B. FALSE 8. There are over ___million licensed drivers in Florida. A. 3 B. 9 C. 15 9. The chances of being involved in an auto collision once a year are __________ A. 1 in 25. B. 1 in 100. C. 1 in 250. 10. At least 19,000 people per year die from illicit drug use and related ___________ A. AIDS complications. B. violence. C. suicides. 11. Which of the following statements is true? A. As a depressant, alcohol slows down reaction time. B. As a muscle relaxant, alcohol makes it harder for the muscles to respond when needed. C. Both A and B 12. The Cerebral Cortex is the highest portion of the brain. A. TRUE B. FALSE 13. In a single day, ________ peoples lives are affected simply by driving a motor vehicle. A. 22,449 B. 30,000 C. 46,000 14. Signs and road markings are an example of traffic controls. A. TRUE B. FALSE 15. It is safe to use your bright headlights if there is a car ahead of you within 300 feet. A. TRUE B. FALSE 16. You can counteract the depressant effects of alcohol by taking a stimulant. A. True B. False 17. Which of the following drugs is not a hallucinogen? A. Mescaline B. PCP C. Heroin 18. If someone is injured in a collision, you should ___ A. move them into the position that appears the most comfortable. B. call for medical help. C. all of the above 19. The second thing to be affected by alcohol is ___ A. reaction time. B. vision. C. judgment. 20. MDMA is commonly known as ___ A. shrooms. B. ecstasy C. acid 21. About forty percent of collisions result in an injury. A. TRUE B. FALSE 22. There are about __ licensed drivers here in Florida A. 170 million B. 200 million C. 15 million 23. Youth who drink before the age of 15 are ___ times more likely to develop alcohol dependence than if they wait until they are 21 years old. A. 2 B. 4 C. 6 24. Paint thinners, gasoline, and glue are common forms of __ A. inhalants. B. psychedelics. C. stimulants. 25. A merging traffic sign is an example of a ___ sign. A. regulatory B. warning C. guide 26. The effects of alcohol are pretty much the same for everyone. A. True B. False 27. Illegal drug use is a bigger problem than alcohol A. True B. False 28. Which of the following is NOT very helpful if you find a car or motorcycle approaching you in your lane? A. Sound your horn and flash your lights. B. Brake sharply. C. Put your car into reverse. 29. You should always remember to keep your eyes ___ while you are driving A. on the car ahead B. moving C. on the center line. 30. To be safe, you should ___ A. always reduce your speed at an intersection. B. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a flashing yellow light, C. reduce your speed at an intersection if there is a traffic light. 31. You should always measure your following distance in ___ A. seconds. B. car lengths. C. feet. 32. Drug or alcohol abuse begins when the user ___ A. avoids taking drugs or using alcohol regularly. B. makes the conscious decision to use drugs or alcohol. C. none of the above 33. You could face mandatory revocation of your license as a result of ___ A. lying about ownership of your vehicle. B. driving 5 to 10 mph over the speed limit. C. a child restraint violation. 34. The rule that says "Do not go faster than is safe for conditions" is known as the ___ A. extreme caution rule. B. slow down rule. C. basic speed rule. 35. You should check your mirrors __ A. once every hour. B. once every 3 to 5 seconds. C. once every two to three minutes. 36. If two cars get to a 4-way stop intersection at the same time, which car should be yielded the right-of-way? A. Car on the right. B. Car on the left. C. Car making a turn. 37. Stimulants are often called ___ A. uppers or "speed." B. "downers." C. "shrooms." 38. ___year olds accounted for only 6.4 percent of the total number of drivers in the US but they made up 12 percent of all drivers involved in fatal crashes. A. Fifteen to twenty B. Twenty to thirty C. Thirty to forty		
Are you more prone to drug and alcohol abuse right before your period		I have and have always had very, very bad PMS. I have also had various problems with substance abuse. Mostly, I stay sober but maybe ten days to a week before my period I start craving my favorite substances.. Sometimes I stay in control but sometimes the urge to use takes over and I go on benders that are gradually ruining my life and relationships. Its getting worse as I get older. Is this a thing? Do other people experience this? Is it treatable? I know I would be able to give up all my bad habits if I could somehow get this end of the month craziness under control. It sets up a bad cycle when I lose control because the guilt and shame and damage to relationships create a mindset that makes it harder to stay sober the next time because of depression, negative thoughts, and low self-esteem.		
Can trying alcohol make you addicted		Ive always felt nervous about alcohol until fairly recently, when it occurred to me that maybe it isnt quite as dangerous as I thought (still pretty dangerous I know, but I used to have a phobia of it). My 21st birthday is this winter, and Id like to know if it would be safe to try some alcoholic drinks. Im really curious about what Irish Creme and and white wine taste like, for example. I believe I have an addict or former addict somewhere in the family, however. So the question is... Is it safe to try it?		
My husband is an alcoholic- doesnt see the problem and keep swearing at me, help needed please		My husband keeps abusing me verbally, always swears at me and calling me names, he has drinking problem and won?t stop- he don?t see it as a problem. He likes to be a victim, always saying how bad his life is, he?s never happy and everybody and everything is wrong. He called people names and believes that people are idiots but him. He constantly accuses me of cheating and seeing other guys. Changing his mind all the time- one minute he wants a divorce the second he doesn?t. Over past 2 weeks he gets more violent towards me- pushed me, kicked me, grabbed my thought few times, threatening me that he will kill me if he finds me with another men. Won?t let me sleep, keep shouting at night, destroying furniture, doors, making hols in the wall with a punch. Trying to stop me going to work, threatening me as his possession, he won?t let me go for a walk or meet friends on my own. I?m so tired. Do people like him ever change? Have you been in a similar situation?	Additional Details I stay with him because firstly hes a really good guy when sober and I feel sorry for him (been together over 10 years), secondly because when I want to leave he threatening me that he going to kill himself<SEMCOL> causing damage to his body and becoming very violent and Im just scared.	
Do you believe alcohol is a gateway drug				
Are sex, relationships and masturbation weaknesses in people like drugs and alcohol			Additional Details @solo so your saying in other words they are weaknesses that people could control to make themselves stronger if they wanted to?	
Weed, Alcohol and Cigarettes questions 10pts		I dont want any judgement please i just want some answers thanks :) ok ive been really depressed lately about my looks, personality ect.. anyway my new friend invited me to a party but warned me that there will be drugs cigarettes and alcohol but i dont have to do anything i want to live a little for once, all i spend my time doing is youtube and being depressed i was just wondering if its ok to have a few sips of beer? will i get drunk from about 3 sips? im 16 also i was wondering if its ok to have just ONE PUFF of a cigerette and weed. i dont mean like one full cigerette and one full joint, i mean like having one puff of a cigerette so see what its like and one puff of a joint, not getting high or anything. Will i be harmed? Will i get addicted over one puff? thanks		
Can a person smoke pot once in a long time, just like alcohol for some		Has weed got zero addictiveness in all ways? Alcohol has zero for me, but not for everyone. Is weed the same idea, addictive to some, zero to others? Im just wondering about the nature of weed. I like all alcohol once in a long while, enjoy it, let it go, so wondered if its the same with weed. ..		
If alcohol is legal, why isnt marijuana		especially seeing that there are so many deaths related to alcohol, and barely any related to marijuana. (and even if there were deaths related to marijuana, then you would have to say either both alcohol and marijuana legal, or illegal)	Additional Details Carrot>?lol good one Xia > i think sometimes alcohol, marijuana, etc is good to take a load off and relax recreationally. but yes using it everyday i agree is a bad idea. however... legally i dont understand why alcohol would be legal and not marijuana.	
Jehovahs Witnesses: Did you know that alcohol abuse leads to liver damage		You might want to tone it down.		
Should I break up with my alcoholic boyfriend		I started dating this guy about 2 years ago not knowing he had problems with alcohol. I knew that he drank and I had suspicions about whether or not he was abusing it (he would say mean things and was emotionally abusive). He finally realized that he had a problem and began to seek help. It seemed like everything was going good until he started drinking again. It would go on where he would go to AA and seemed to be doing well, but there never seemed to be a good fit. Then he started going to an out-patient program and seemed to be doing well again, but after a while he drank during the program (which was ok because they were given a few chances to "mess up"). He eventually finished the program and seemed to be doing well, extremely well actually and almost made it to 3 months sober. I was so proud of him and so was everyone in his family, but he drank again last week and it seems like everyone is done with him. I really love him and how he is when he is sober, but I hate that he lies to me about it and it causes so many problems. I just wish everything could work out because he really is a good guy, but I feel like I cant keep telling him that Ill leave him if he drinks again and just never do it. He really is a nice guy and everything Im looking for in a person, except for this. Any advice?		
How long was AJ from BSB addicted to alcohol				
Addicted to Porn videos or addicted to alcohol,which is more dangerPls dont say both.				
Which is worse, Alcohol vs weed		Propaganda is Americas strongest weapon. All Babylon (U.S. government) has to do is say something on CNN and the majority of the people here in America will believe it with no foundation of proof. An example of this happened in 1936. The Movie, "Reefer Madness" had just released. If you had seen the movie now you would probably burst it in laughter, but back then people took this seriously. The Movie talked about how weed led to insanity, coma, and death, All which now have been proven wrong, this shows how gullible the american people are. A majority of the American people will not even do research and about a subject and have the nerve to argue.So i want someone thats done actual research and has a foundation of proof to solve my question, not someone who has just went on the news and herd lies about each substance. P.S. Im american too, the truth is the truth		
Husband Now Hides Alcohol From Me.		My husband and I have been together for 6 years, we have two children together and i have one from a previous relationship. My husband is am alcoholic. We have had several bad situations at home that have caused me to get his father (also an alcoholic), sister and best friend involved. The drinking will stop for a week or so, then the weekend will come and hes back to the beer. Well last week was really bad and i told him to sober up or leave. Point blank. He chise to get sober and begged for my help. Ok, cool lets do this! Well yesterday as i was putting away his clothes i found unopened beers stashed in his drawer. At first i got mad and took it wondering if he would confront me. Then i decided to put it back with a post it note on it that said i loved him and that he doesnt have to hide his beers (trying to keep all positivity). Well today i found our side gate opened (we have never used that side of the house so it has never been opened) and 3 empty 24oz cans of beer. Im over this. My husband is also addicted to pain meds, an issue that continues however i have taken over handing them out to him ONLY in severe cases when i know he is really, truley hurting. No one seems to be getting thru to him. My kids are 15mo., 4 years and 10 years and dont need to be around this! He also was in rehab in 2005 for 6 months for an addiction to meth and opiates. Please do not respond if you have nothing helpful or suggestive to say.	Additional Details Yes, the question is what do i do about this? I have only threatened to leave once. He was sober and clean until September of 2012, thats when the pills and booze began. His family paid (35k) and sent him to rehab. We met after he was sober.	
Ex Girlfriend Dumped Me For Another Guy (Depression,Suicide Attempts,Alcohol Abuse)		6 year relationship. Tried killing herself January, alcohol abuse, cocaine abuse. I stood by her through thick and thin. Put up with emotional and verbal abuse for months. Typical things where you dont care about me I hate you your a f**cking p**ck what have I got to live for youll all get over it if I kill myself. Shed be extremely paranoid, questioning me over and over about trivial nonsensical things. Shed repeat herself 3/4 times in a conversation. I paid her cocaine debt because she begged for my help. I do this and spend 2 weeks nurturing her, cooking her good food, walks in the fresh air, making sure she got enough sleep, after one binge to many. Shes was on citalopram (not sure if she still is). I take her awayr for her bday at the end of these 2 weeks. Spoil her rotten and everything was great. More in love than ever. Tells me how much she loves me etc. 2 days after returning home becomes distant. Says she wants to be alone, she loves me, Ill never lose her she just needs space. Then find out theres another guy and has been for a while. I confront her at her home after she dumped me by text and ignored my calls for s week. She laughs at me the whole time I pour my heart out and really pays little to no attention to what Im saying. Looking in peoples windows who she knows etc. I cant believe youve come here she said laughing. I return home heartbroken. She says she loves me with all her heart and always will, but not like that. Cop out excuse for her new guy. Shes still sniffing cocaine, drinking, not daily I doubt but regularly. Her new boyfriend is living at her mothers house with her and has been from near enough the beginning. I heard her brother owes money out for cocaine and attacked her mother. I text her to make sure shes ok and her mother. No reply. Ignorance. Will it last? Shows traits of bpd? Narcissistic? Never had an apology or genuine admitall of guilt either. I was loyal to this girl when most men would of ran.		
Anyone quit alcohol How to deal with detox symptoms		Hot flashes, night sweats, anxiety. I need to function in the "real world" but I cant when I feel like this. I just feel like puking and sleeping with no alcohol. Im all shaky and dizzy. Im even a liability in traffic because I feel so "off." Then I drink and I feel fine. I dont want to be an addict anymore! If I could quit my job and hide in a cave for a month I would, but obviously thats not an option.		
Do you think alcohol should be illegal in the US		Think about the children who have abusive alcoholic parents, theyre too scared to call the cops because their parents will just beat them and not let them call. And they cant do it sneakily. Arrests dont happen unless actual assault takes place. I know thats true cause it happened in my family. Alcohol is available for purchase to anyone 21 and up. How can we stop this abuse and deaths from car accidents, and other accidents? Just make it illegal! If Obama does it ill be just fine with it.		
How can I get my alcoholic friend to seek treatment		I have a middle-aged, divorced female friend who has had an alcohol problem since we were both in high school, many years ago. Since weve reconnected its quite obvious that she still drinks heavily and is also likely addicted to barbiturates of some kind. Shes still in denial, although she can hardly hold down a job, and even has hand tremors when she goes without alcohol for a few hours. To make matters worse, she also has a young daughter that shes taking care of, despite being passed out occasionally, or sleeping unusually long hours. I know that her family has tried to convince her to get help, but shes pushed everyone away. She wants to have a relationship with me, and I dont want to alienate her by demanding that she go to detox, but I dont know of any other way. Does anyone have experience with this type of situation, or any suggestions for how to bring up "treatment" in a conversation? Thanks!		
Is there any real difference between an alcoholic and a pot head		Cant wait to hear from the pot advocates.		
How to get rid of effects of alcohol and addiction		Only serious answers please. My questions- 1) I want to know on how to get rid of alcoholic effects. After consuming alcohol it affects mind due to which the behavior changes. Can there be something to eat or drink that reduces affect of alcohol? 2) If someone has alcoholic addiction then how to make him addiction free? I know someone who is an alcoholic addict. I know for these two answers I should ask doctors but willing to know if you people can help. Alcohol causes damage to health, wealth, reputation, relations and so many other things.		
Can you stop an alcoholic from drinking himself to death		My boyfriend is killing himself. Hes in denial about his drinking problem. Hes been drinking heavily (every day or every other day) since December. I dont know whats going on with him and he wont talk about it. Ive caught him drinking behind my back at social functions and even at his house in the laundry room. I guess hes what you would call a closet alcoholic. He keeps a liquor bottle (open) in his car. Im very worried about him and scared he will die. He has a very high tolerance for alcohol because hes been drinking since he was 17 (hes now in his forties) and because of that he thinks hes invincible. He says he "knows his body" better than anyone. Hes broken out in an itchy rash and I know its from the alcohol. Then I found a doctors calling card on his dresser and confronted him about it--he got very angry and said I had no right to "snoop" around on him. He said he went to the doctor because his elbow was hurting. Im extremely angry that he would go to this doctor without telling me--we have a family doctor and I offered to schedule an appointment for him, which he refused. He also refuses counseling. Im the one in therapy. He wont go and he wont go to A.A. either. All he does is go to work and sleep and drink. He also mixes the alcohol with Vicodin, which I know is toxic. I feel like he thinks Im a big nag when I try and talk to him about this. I know from his siblings that his problem stems from abuse when he was a child and that he wont heal until he talks about it. I dont care if he wont talk about it with me<SEMCOL> I only want him to talk about it with SOMEONE so that he can begin to heal. I dont want him to die but I know hes close to liver failure. Im very scared and I dont want to lose him.		
What is the difference between having alcoholism and being an alcoholic				
What would you do if your teenager kept doing drugs/alcohol		For example, if you even kept grounding them, taking away their phone, and even took them to a therapist, and they just kept finding ways to do drugs and alcohol. Would you continue grounding them?		
How much alcohol would it take to ruin your liver		if youre under 18 lets say, how much/for how long would you have to drink until it affects your liver/blood?	Additional Details i should have specified no stupid answers.	
Question to christians regarding alcohol		If a born again christian goes out to celebrate his birthday and he gets a little bit drunk does he then go to hell if he dies or Jesus returns at that moment? Correct me if i am wrong but didnt Paul say in Corinthians that drunkards wont inherit the kingdom of God?? Was Paul wrong? I know that being drunk was heavily frowned upon in both the old and the new testament, but no one until Paul said that a believer in Jesus Christ who sometimes get a bit intoxicated does not go to heaven. Could some fellow christians here clear this this up??		
I am an alcoholic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		Hi I could really use some genuine answers and no criticizing. This is really my life. Since my break up 4 years ago I have drank alcohol EVERY SINGLE DAY. No lie! for the past few months now I have to force my self to drink it because I figure it is a habit plus my body craves it. The only thing is that now I can hardly stand the taste and and it is like a chore to drink the crap! Every night Its like a ritual. last night I decided not to drink it and I did just fine. I am not sure what tonight holds for me but my plan is to simply quit. Hey, I know it sounds ridiculous that a person can simply quit but Ive done it before unintentionally 5 years ago I quit cocaine and a few years before that ecstasy. Both of which I was on hard, so whose to say this wont be the same deal. The only difference is that with alcohol I always felt destine to be addicted to it, since my mother died from the very same thing. If anyone has experienced this and they have any clues to what the future might hold for me, please, I welcome any advice. Thank you!	Additional Details Well Ranger Jones, I never meant to give you or anyone else the impression that I was blaming my situation on anyone but myself. that was the reason I thought I would never get out of this bul**** situation. Im sure you think ur toughness is helpful but I really was not looking for that. Thanks anyway and BTW I am now going on 5 days clean. Well Ranger Jones, I never meant to give you or anyone else the impression that I was blaming my situation on anyone but myself. that was the reason I thought I would never get out of this bul**** situation. Im sure you think ur toughness is helpful but I really was not looking for that. Thanks anyway and BTW I am now going on 5 days clean.	
Is it possible this is alcohol withdrawal		Ive been light headed for quite a few days (since I started drinking really heavily, I got black out drunk three weekends in a row, and in between at times)- and I had my last drink Monday and since then have been having very sharp chest pains. It feels mostly like a panic attack, and then sometimes really sharp jabbing in my chest and then difficulty breathing. Im also very disoriented, sometimes I cant walk right for some weird reason or I will forget something someone tells me a second later.		
Why is it legal for women to drink alcohol		(without any restriction on amount) and or smoke while pregnant, but illegal for a loving adult couple who happen to be blood brother and sister to marry? Marriage equality now!!!	Additional Details @Jade, So why shouldnt someone have children with their sister? @Ameilia, "Children produced by closely related individuals will have a much higher rate of birth defects" What exactly is that "much higher rate"? Also, you say that it should be legal for a child to be harmed by alcohol or smoking because it will supposedly only effect that child, how is that justified? @Tzneech, "Siblings should not be allowed to produce children, because of the debilitating birth defect that the child will end up with." But smoking and alcohol abuse while pregnant do not? "Children whose parents are siblings are much more likely than other children to have genetic diseases and problems." How "much more likely"? Give me a number	
My girlfriend wants to get drunk with family and i dont feel comfortable with alcohol		My girlfriend turned 21 the other day I went with her, her mom, and sister for a few drinks. Tomorrow night is when her mom wants to get her drunk. Shes tried heavy drinks like bacardi and diet coke and beer and didnt like it. I trust her especially with her mom and such. My thing is, being 20 until february 16th, Ive dealt with heavy alcohol abuse from my father as a kid around age 8-present. I still live at home and my dad has 2 duis. Hes emotionally abusive to my mom and I and as a kid was physically abusive to me. I dont think my girlfriend will be like that but the idea of knowing how alcohol changes people is preventing me from being comfortable about it. Plus my exes in the past have all cheated on me and have partied behind my back. I know my girlfriend wouldnt cheat on me being sober. Ive been with her 3 years and have been through so much with her and have supported her with so much like her father passing away. I know she wouldnt intentionally do anything but if sje ever goes out to clubs or parties without me and only a friend or two, I worry about how manipulative other guys are and I dont want her being around that. I wont tell her what to do but I tell her how I feel. She tells me to have more faith in her and the alcohol abuse history from my father, she knows about it but doesnt change her mind about drinking. Should I stop worrying or do I have a legitimate reason to be uncomfortable around alcohol? Ive tried drinking and I didnt like the taste. (Shot of rum and coke and egg nog) nasty but I dont nind wine coolers. She claims she will be a social drinke but Im not sure she will stick to that. I wont leave her if she doesnt choose not to drink because of me. I just want to know if I am being too insecure or not?		
WHY is marijuana bad but alcohol isnt		Yes, you can sit in a bar until 3am drunk off your a** and potentially drive home or find a way to do something worth regretting but once someone lights a doobie, uh oh, call the cops. its a sedative! an anit-depressant.. yet there are actual people serving life sentences for possession of a plant covered in THC but getting a dui only involves a court date, restrictions and fines. WHY		
How many % of worlds population is alcohol addicted				
My dad is so addicted to alcohol and smoking. how am i suppose to make him quit without his knowledge		He is 55 year old and being a ex-serviceman doesnt want to quit. And as the days goes, his consumption is increasing. Please help me out.		
Do Lorazepam and ethyl alcohol share the same brain receptors		I use to drink daily calm my irritability and anxiety. Tried smoking pot, but that never had any calming effect on me, like it had on others. I try to quit drinking (its very had to stop) and my psychiatrist recommended me to use benzodiazepines. I picked Clonazepam, but it seemed too strong, like having explosion in my head and become useless for next 8 hours. So I asked him to switch me to Lorazepam. Lorazepam at 2mg is what works for me. When I get an insane moment like today I was a total ***** to my husband all day, starting fights, naggig, feeling miserable and super irritated. At about 3 pm I decided to take my 2mg Lorazepam pill (I havent had any in about 4-5 months) and almost instantly I started feeling calming down, almost to the point of euforia. Similar effect that alcohol gives me minus the negative consequence of being drunk. My brain started shimmering, exactly same parts of it that do when i drink alcohol. That is why Im asking, does alcohol effect same brain receptors and brain parts that lorazepam does? I certainly feel it that way. I remember marijuana, cocaine or heroine that I tried in my young years were repulsive, I hated it and never gave it more than one try. But it feels like this medicine tickles my brain same way that alcohol does. Of course I dont mix it, EVER. My goal is to quit drinking completely, I got this prescription for my anxiety and extreme irritability spells, but I heard it helps with alcohol withdrawal as well. I realize its very addictive and last thing I want is to get addicted to it,.. that is why I take it only very ocasionally. Im curious though, how does alcohol induce euforia in brain and how does lorazepam? They have precisely same effect on me. I took this pill earlier today and I do not crave alcohol at all. Its already 7pm, Im sure if I didnt take the pill Id be craving some alcohol by now.		
Why would Jesus change the water into wine if he condemns alcohol usage		Jesus changed water into wine in Cana(a small town in Galilee) during a marriage feast.(John 2:1-11). But why would he do that if he condemn alcohol usage?		
Can i eat and drink alcohol before sedation		i am having a tooth extracted under sedation can i eat and drink alcohol before it?		
Why do people think that its ok to do drugs and alcohol because they think the government is corrupt		by saying that its only illegal because of the government wants to tax these illegal substances. and the only argument these junkies can come up with is that even ordinary things can kill you. thats true but no one gets addicted to water and ends up having health issues. STOP BEING IN DENIAL. ITS BAD FOR YOU PERIOD!		
How can I help my drugs/alcohol addicted, abused boyfriend		Ive been dating my boyfriend for almost 3 months now, and before we were quite good friends. We have a very strong and intimate relationship and we can always tell the other whats on our minds. The thing is, my boyfriend is a recovering drug addict, including MDMA, cannabis and other drugs, he is a alcohol abuser, in the sense that he drinks a whole lot to forget his problems. He has been sexually abused when he was a child and is emotionally broken. The only ones who he opens up to are his parents (a bit), and me. Hes afraid he will lose control of the situation. Furthermore, he has a history of self harm and he has considered suicide. The thing is, I have no clue how to help. Ive never touched alcohol or drugs in my life, never been in any mood to harm myself and never ever had the urge to kill myself. I want to help him, I really do. I already gave him a selfhelp book, but I dont think that will work enough. He has been trough a lot. A whole lot. Its not that I want him to change, he wants to change as well. Its not me forcing him in any way. Im just afraid he will lose trust in himself by not keeping his promises as not touching drugs and such. How can I help?		
Does he have an Alcohol problem 		I recently met a guy online, and we are dating. I know very little about Alcohol, so please help me understand. He had liver Cirrhosis few years ago because of drinking.He got treatment , and he claims he doesnt have a drinking problem . He spent everyday of the last month fasting for religious reasons, and the last drink he has was before that month.He claims he sees his friends drinking and he doesnt get an urge. He has a very successful job.Please help.We are thinking about an arranged marriage, so how shall I proceed ? Thanks for any help I get .:)) Cheers		
Is it normal to be afraid to drink alcohol		Im scared ill become an alcoholic. Half my family are AAs and my uncle and grandpa are still alcoholics. My dad was an alcoholic but is sober now. Will i become an alcoholic if i drink?		
What is worse, drugs or alcohol				
16 and think Im developing an alcohol problem!		Im going to cry! I dont want to be an alcoholic but I adore it! Im not crazy about the taste but I love the side effects to alcohol (yknow, like being drunk!). Like I say, Im 16 and this isnt even legal drinking age and Im already developing a problem! Umm... Im not stupid, I get good grades at school (a lot of the time theyre the best in my class!) and people say Im pretty/beautiful but I feel that becoming an alcholic will ruin my future, like make me become dumb and get a bad job when Im older and stop me focusing on my school work. I also feel itll ruin my looks... My beauty is a huge thing in my life and when I lose that Ill be devostated! I dont want to be ugly (which I feel alcohol will do to me!!!). What do I do? I love alcohol! At my school prom I was the only person there who had been drinking and was drunk there (extremely drunk!) and at a party a few weeks ago I was the only teenager there drunk and destroied the party and got my whole family kicked out!! About 8 hours ago I got drunk (Im still a bit drunk now tbh). Ive been drunk a lot in my past - way more than I shouldve ever been. Like I say, I feel this could ruin my future even though I love alcohol!! What can I do? I have one friend (because Ive left school and go to college in September (Im in England so it may be different to where you live) and shes the only one whos actually still stuck around and not left me! All my other so called "friend" have abandoned me and decided not to speak to me anymore. My one and only friend also loves drinking... She actually gets drunk almost every day whereas I get drunk once - four times a month. I actually have plans to get drunk again tomorrow... Thats going to be my fourth time this month so far getting drunk. I cant cope!!!! I dont want to get addicted. Plus, my mum and step dad are alcoholics (I dont know who my real dad is btw) and drink every single night and most of my family drink a lot (even 14 year old sister!)		
Am I turning into an alcoholic		OK, So I started drinking occasionally back in February, And I didnt think nothing of it. But I have been drinking a lot more now, and its the only thing I think of and I get really shaky without it. I am scared beyond belief to tell my dad. All I want to do is drink..		
Help with a friend alcohol situation....		So my friend is a complete alcoholic. She had been this way for about 4 years and always make a full out of herself while she is intoxicated. Shes verbally abused her boyfriends, me, mom, dad etc... She already has 2 duis and went to a 9,000 rehab that her mom paid for. She left the rehab 2 weeks earlier and came back and drank still, but not as much as she did before. She just got out of jail for drunk and disorderly because she was out intoxicated. She keeps telling me how depressed she is and that she doesnt want to live life so depressed anymore, but she continues to keep making awful situtions that lead her to trouble. What is something i should say to her when she is telling me how depressed she is etc?		
NEED ANSWER NOWWW!! PERC+KLONOPIN+ALCOHOL! READ DESCRIPTION BEFORE ANSWERING		BEFORE YOU GET ALL "YOUR ADDICTED" ON ME, PLEASE READ. Lol. i sprained my foot and my gmom gave me two percocets to help with pain this afternoon around 1:30pm. i also took a klonopin to calm me down around the same time because i have anxiety. (im not prescribed). im not taking pills anymore... i was wondering that if i want to drink at about 11:00pm is that enough time between the two? so from 1:30pm - 11:00pm so about 9 1/2 hours? is that enough time passed to be safe to drink?	Additional Details OH AND BTW THE PERCOCETS WERE ONLY 5mg AND THE KLONOPIN WAS 1mg.	
Why are girls so addicted to alcohol		Why are girls so addicted to alcohol? They seem to want to get drunk all the time. Why are they all the same?		
Whats the difference between someone just using alcohol to cope with life compared to someone abusing it...				
Pros & cons about weed and alcohol		Just wondering		
Klonopin and alcohol		If I take one 0.5 pill and drink on it will I be alright? Yes Im prescribed them and I dont abuse them. Its just saterday night and some of my friends want to have some drinks. Will this be okay?		
Alcohol Withdrawal...............		I quit drinking 10 days ago. I finally saw my family doctor yesterday who sent me home with 10 days worth of diazepam and told me to get in touch with my therapist. I have experienced not withdrawal symptoms except extreme thirst all the time. My doctor says I have diabetes but Im not so sure. yes it runs in my family but I am only 32 and this symptom coincidentally began as soon as i quit drinking. I seem strange that I am not craving alcohol but I am sick everyday for the past 5 days. I feels like I have a never ending hang over. Thats what it feels like. Headaches nausea, sensitivity to light, and extreme thirst. Can anyone tell me if they have ever experienced this before or can give me more info than my doctor. I feel like there is more to what is happening to me.		
Opinions on marijuana and alcohol		Put your opinions down below. A high number of people believe pot is dangerous and highly addictive, even though its less addictive than alcohol and cigarettes, it having a 9% addiction while cigarettes are at about 30%. Alcohol tears families apart daily and causes people to abuse their families, while weed usually relaxes people. What are your opinions on weed? If bad state why, no "Because its illegal and for losers" stuff, give real reasons. Now i do realize that since it is illegal its risky using it and that is sort of dumb, but lets say its legal in this situation. Being a sophomore in highschool I know people who hate "pot heads", but will drink WITH THEIR PARENTS. Ive never understood this logic but my opinion doesnt matter, Im asking yours.		
Are you considered a drug user/abuser if you mix pills with alcohol				
Should I tell my recruiter I had alcohol treatment 2 years ago		It was voluntary and outpatient treatment. Insurance paid for some. Wondering if MEPS would catch it.		
Will I be okay if I mixed alcohol with vicodin		Yesterday I mixed alcohol with 6 vicodins and today I mixed alcohol with 4 vicodins. Yesterday I threw up A LOT and I woke up just fine and today I threw up a little bit. After doing a bit of research on mixing the 2, I read that it can cause liver damage and even death. Please leave a reasonable answer and do not scare me, just tell me the truth. I do not know how much mg the vicodin was.		
A speech on Alcohol for english		I need to write a speech on alcohol for an english assignment. I would really like to start off with rhetorical questions. I am basing the speech on how alcohol is becoming easier for young teens to access.		
How to help an alcoholic		as far as i know a friend of mine has had at least a few drinks every day for the past month, plus getting pretty smashed at least once or twice a week. she is even drinking vodka at work in the toilets. im fairly certain at this point that she is a functional (for now) alcoholic. she is also bipolar (diagnosed by a professional, not just thinks she might be) and has medication, although i do not know if she is currently on her medication. any advice?		
Thesis statement on drug and alcohol abuse		I need to write a 2 page essay on drug and alcohol abuse and I need a thesis statement. But it cant list all the topics Im gonna discuss it has to be on how I feel about drug and alcohol abuse which I feel negitivley on. So if anyone would help, that would be awesome.	Additional Details Can someone please give me an example of a thesis statement for a paper about how drug and alcohol abuse is negative	
Why do People Drink Alcohol		Is It that People Like the Taste of that Beverage ? or they like to get intoxicated with alcohol ? or Both ? So is it that alcohol acquires the taste of that beverage ? or Is it that people dont mind having it because not drinking it will avoid and miss the taste of that beverage ?		
Xanax and alcohol vertigo symptoms		Okay, I have regular anxiety, so I got a prescription for .5 mg xanax. Now I know my limits, Ive taken this before, i dont abuse. That being said, most of my anxiety is social, the ironic thing being of course that I am a personal trainer, so I have to talk with my clients. I took about 1 mg before meeting with several clients. It was a long day, I was at work for about 9 hours, half of that being personal training. So afterwards, I was still a little mellow from the xanax, but I a couple 16 oz cans of mikes hard, and drink two of them. This doesnt really get me drunk considering on my size, but i went to sleep afterwards. I woke up dizzy and everything was moving in my eyes. I have had this nonstop today and have even gone to work out thinking afterwards I would feel a little better. I am still slightly dizzy and its uncomfortable because my head is spinning. I know its a stupid question to ask, but is this possibly related to the alcohol mixing with the xanax? As far as I was concerned, I didnt take much of either. But after today, I dont think I will ever drink alcohol or take xanax again :P		
Heart breaking... dating a recovering alcoholic		My boyfriend and I have been dating for over two years now. We lasted about a year and a half without me, or anyone other than him, knowing that he had a problem with alcohol. This last November it finally came out and he was trying to get help. The problem was that he was doing it for everyone else but himself. He went to AA and went to a psychiatrist for a while and even went to out-patient rehab. He was sober for about 76 days and then he drank. He got really depressed and ended up checking himself first into detox and now in-patient rehab. He has been there for almost a month and should be coming home soon. I was afraid at first that his therapist would say that we should break up, but she actually said that she advises we do stay together, and that I am a really god support for him. She was also surprised because she said that this was the first time she has told a patient to stay with their partner and that 95% of the time they tell them to break off all relationships. I am freaking out though because I am used to seeing him and talking with him everyday and its already been about a month since weve seen each other or talked for more than 10 minutes. His therapist suggests he go to a halfway house for recovering addicts, but I am worried that well be separated even more. Ive gone to some al-anon meetings, and Ive tried to talk to people about it, but Im still freaking out. Am I stupid for loving him and staying with him? How will all of this affect our relationship? What can I expect from a halfway house?		
Does anybody actually go on to lead a successful life after rehab from drugs and alcohol		People always say how smart I am but Im an addict and I get unstable in work environments. Its a genetic mental illness that prevents me from maintaining schedules in life. Is there hope for me?		
Just how many Buds a day make me an alcoholic...		If I drink 1 330ml bottle/day Or if I drink 50?	Additional Details You have all got good answers... Hmmm it seems I have been an alcoholic for 23 years. I drink because my home and work life uninspires me and all the people I should admire are crooks... Hey ho! heres one for the revolution that we are too pissed to care about! To more good answers..... I love the stuff though and I am an alcoholic. At least the bimbo on the telly right now telling me to bet on a wheel with a ball for loads of cash, has no effect on me!! Alas, I still must work to provide at inflated prices for my family. And provide a service that is way over-valuable for the baubles they concede. Balls, heres to you!	
In your opinion, is alcoholism really a disease		I think the whole AA thing is bull ****. Just control how much you drink. If youre drinking too much, drink less. AIDS is a disease. Alcohol abuse is just that, a lack of self control. Please weigh in on this. Let me know what you think.		
Why do homeless people drink so much when alcohol enhances your current mood		And hobos more than likely feel depressed?		
Shouldnt Alcoholics Anonymous be classified as a government cult .				
Is alcohol forbidden in the Old Testament/Torah/Tanakh		Ive read that the word translated as wine can mean both fermented grape juice and unfermented, both alcoholic and non alcoholic, so even if wine was drunk by men in the OT it doesnt necessarily mean that alcohol is allowed, but I dont know of anything specifically that says that it isnt although I have always assumed that alcohol abuse is what is bad.		
Accutane and alcohol		Im an 18 year old guy in college, I am 61" and weigh 165 lbs, and I just started taking Zenatane (accutane). Im taking 40 mg once a day and Im wondering how safe it is for me to drink on weekends. I want to know how long it takes for the liver to process accutane and if it would help for me to not take my dose of accutane on days Im planning to drink. Also, will skipping a dose have much of an effect on the effectiveness of the accutane? Thanks for all answers, Im looking for as much information as I can get.		
Why do people drink alcohol		Once I turned 21, I tried a margarita and a sex on the beach. Yuck, yuck, yuck. My friends tried to get me drunk, by forcing me to drink all sorts of alcoholic beverages, like beer, etc. It was horrific. I had to pretend I was drinking alcohol by replacing all my drinks with water. My exboyfriend thought that I was drunk and decided it was time to do a THREESOME with some random girl he found at the casino. I didnt want to get him mad (he was drunk, and often threatened to abuse me<SEMCOL> it never happened though). Anyways, so my first drink wasnt that hot. So I was forced against my will to go wine tasting with my family at some fancy California winery called Palm Beach or something with flipping 9,000 dollar wines. Well, it was really bad, even though it was supposed to be "one of the sweetest wines". I spit it out on my mom. That was my last time. So, why do people like alcoholic drinks lol? It tastes like rat pee and turns people into monsters.		
Stoner WITH "Alcoholic"		Hello Yahoo, I just have a simple question...I was wondering what the people of the Internet think of couples/relationships where one person prefers smoking weed and the other would rather consume 3 or more alcoholic beverages per night.. Do you believe a relationship between a stoner and an "alcoholic" would work? (When I say "alcoholic" I dont mean a full blown addict, just someone who would rather drink than smoke weed). So, The most simple way to ask this is<SEMCOL> Do you (the people of the internet) believe a heavy drinker and a pot smoker could have a serious relationship? Keep in mind that the pot smoker has no problem with drinking and the drinker has no issue with smoking weed... Thank you very much Side note: I dont want to read any comments that state that drinking/smoking is wrong...i understand that. I am a parent that has a daughter of 23 that prefers drinking over smoking weed but her boyfriend smokes pot more than 10 times a day...I am just trying to look after her. -concerned Mother		
Im addicted to alcohol		Im only 14. I knew this would happen but I cant stop drinking. it got so bad that I passed out on the bus today from last nights drinking, this mornings hangover, back to drinking, passing out, and drinking some more. I cant even control myself. my friend took away my drink and a started to hit her because I needed my drink. I need some help please.. no this isnt a troll or whatever. please help.		
Can alcohol addiction be overcome using video games		When I play on my PSP,it feels very pleasurable.I forget every tension,forget whats going on around... So,can playing video games overcome the addiction of alcohol?It can be a substitute for alcohol.It might be very helpful to everyone who is an addict...		
Long-term alcohol misuse may cause				
Why do you throw up when overdosing on meds or alcohol				
What would happen if I drunk alcohol with Zoplicone		Im on Zoplicone and 40mg of fluoxetine what would happen if I drunk alcohol, it states on the box that you should NOT drink with them, would it kill me? Cause if it did Is take them as I want to die, Im 19 and Ive been hurt, used and abused too many times, enough is enough!		
Congress recently enacted an non refundable credit based on the cost of the qualifying alcohol and drug abuse				
What were to happen if I chose to not do any drugs for the rest of my life, specifically alcohol and cigarette		I have never been addicted and at this point in my life I really dont think either of the two interest me. I like marijuana but I dont wanna waste my money on it either. Besides good health and money, what else would I be keeping by not buying into the social stigma of drugs?		
How is alcohol and drug abuse treatment is different from mental health treatment				
Does Moon in 12th house indicate someone who could be/become addicted to drugs/alcohol				
My father is a alcohol addict for past four years .as he lost his job.what can i doplease help		i thought he will become alright but days have passed thinking like that.now its like hell living in the house.i talked to him as much as possible to change him..i too get tensed sometimes seeing him .but i am feeling a lot for him to change...he dont have a job .if it continues entire family will get collapsed and my mom too is suffering a lot seeing him like this...if its evening then its a usual thing like fighting or being afraid of where he will be.i cant concntrate in anything.dont know what to do.:(	Additional Details am 21 years old...doing my engineering.	
Does this make him an alcoholic		I have a friend whos alcohol consumption im wortied about. he works in a pub and goes to the same pub most nights to socialise. as far as im aware he hasnt gone a single night without alcohol for months. he denies getting the shakes or any other symptoms suggestive of withdrawal, and says he drinks cos he likes to to help him relax, and cos of the environment he works in not because he feels he needs to. but I am worried, he has menta health issues and has abused drugs in the past so is at higher risk of addiction. does it sound like hes already depenent?		
Does this make him an alcoholic		im worried about my friends alcohol consumption. he drinks every night, not to the point of beibg drunk but a couple of pints and being drunk a couple of times a week. he cant remember the last time he went 24hrs without booze. he denies getting the shakes or any other symptoms syggestive of withdrawal. most of his money gets spent on drink. he has mental health problems and has abused drugs in the past so is at higher risk of becoming dependent. he works in the pub and gies there every night to socialise. does it sound like alcoholism or drinking due to habit and curcumstance?		
Plz give me some advice Im 15 and addicted to drugs an alcohol and suicidal i wanna die no one loves me		so im 15 and i hate my life Im sorry but i swear Im not looking for attention i want advice , Ive been in therapy and Im taking meds for depression .homeschool , but it doesnt matter it just doesnt matter nothing matters to me i have no friends never had a girlfriend since i dont have any friend drugs and alcohol have been my friends , but believe me Im a good kid Im not bad i wont rob you or do anything bad Im not homocidal would never take a life , never its just Ive been bullied my whole life beaten up but the worst part is the way they treat me the things they say to me they hurt a lot a few months ago i got the biggest bashing in my life this guy for know reason said things that it hurts , no one wants me i should die , i deserve to be killed , they hate me for no reason i swear , it was a whole paragraph stating how i should die . do the teacher no oh yeah they just dont care my parents their ashamed of me they dont understand maybe because himself was a bully in high school , i wish someone would love ,me just one person out their would say adam your important to me , to top this all of my grandfather who i was close to is dead and i broke my arm , my best friend died a year ago in a car accident she was so full of joy and loved me and wanted me to become someone i even have feelings for her but coulnt tell her shes my god i believe in her because the christian god isnt there , drugs booze there my friends i wish i could be a screenwriter my biggest dream but Im not gonna get there i just want some advice again i have no friends Im an outsider no one wants me i have a sister and my parents dont say Im there son they say this is my daughter and they say that Im just their nephew . someone give me some advice I just cant take it anymore . Im very serious i dont want attention .		
UK is the "addictions capital of Europe" for drug and alcohol addiction. Why		http://m.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23913818 It cant just be because of the availability of cheap booze, it is even cheaper in much of Europe. Similarly it cannot just be because of poverty and unemployment in the UK, the Eurozone is in depression. Nor can it be due to our benefits system, Scandanavian countries have better benefits then us. So what is it about is Brits that makes us a nation of addicts??		
MY MOM IS ADDICTED TO ALCOHOL		i am 13 and all my life i can remember my mom always drunk she dose not drink in the morning but she drinks at night be hind my dads back i cant handle this **** any more she calls me fat and rarely hits be and obviously i retaliate back but its annoying im going in to my gcses now and im getting stressed. in my family i have : my dad my mom 2 brothers 1 sister 1 dog and me my 2 brothers and dad just dont give a **** any more they ignore her but my bed room is down stairs so i cant help communicating with her i am worried about her she needs help we try to do something for her but she rejects is she dose not giva **** about anyone but her self its ******* annoying it pisses me off she gets her beer by taking my dog around the block and goes to a shop that she is familiar with. she vomits everywhere and stands like a ******* retard and iv just had it she need to learn that she is not the only one in the house she is retarded and should learn also we are poor and my dad is struggling to keep the house and de spends money on 1 bottle that is worth 20 pound and im in the middle of every thing i cant speak up in the house because i am the youngest and everyone is well out of my age range but please help me and		
Effects of Alcohol on the Cardiovascular System		Now I dont mean weight loss or muscle gain. Pure endurance and how long I can run or do cardio.		
Why is alcohol socially acceptable but weed isnt		its a proven fact that marijuana is nothing more then a healthy herb that can cure many diseases including cancer there is nothing unhealthy about it besides the smoke causing lung dammage its a natural plant from the earth so why do some people have hate toards people who smoke weed but at the same time in there eyes alcohol is something ok to do when alcohol is something people shouldnt do it hurts people u can harm other people while drunk and start fights and stuff and kill people black out destroy ur liver and all this when weed does none of this and at the same time having many benefits i mean its even socially acceptable to give children occasionally on certain holidays some whine or something on christmas or thanks giving.... why isnt weed the same way i mean alcohol is way worse right... weed is healthy right there is no reason not to give ur kid weed on holidays because there are no health issues that would result from giving it to them nor addiction... as weed is way less addicting then alcohol... i know this is a hard concept to grasp for some people but if u think about it about it logically without socially acceptance effect logic... it really would make much more sence for people to give there kids weed on special occasions instead of wine becuase its much healthier for them, and less chance that they will get addicted to it in the future becuase like i said weed is less addicting u wont see anyone getting widthdrawls from not getting there weed please dont answer if u arent educated on weed i hate it when people say something retarded like o because weed kills brain cells and makes them dumb... because thats a myth and anyone whos educated on scientific facts of marijuana would agree its a myth	Additional Details THIS IS COMING FROM A PERSON WHO HAS NEVER SMOKED WEED SO DONT ASSUME IM JUST A POTHEAD... CUZ IM NOT IM SIMPLY EDUCATED WITH THE SCIENTIFIC FACTS ABOUT WEED...	
How to stop drug/alcohol abuse		Ive tried reaching out but Im not getting anywhere<SEMCOL> I dont want to go to rehab, I cant afford it and Im not physically addicted to anything, its 100% mental. I binge drink/use in the moment, and its causing me health problems and its seriously messing with other things in my life. If I go along this road much longer its going to lead to addiction or back in the ER. Just need someone to give me some advice, please.		
In recovery for drugs and alcohol..		Is it normal to have crazy dreams where you were drinking or smoking and promising you wouldnt tell anyone?! For example, I just literally woke up from a crazy one, I was with my friends smoking, a lot! And I kept telling them, "oh, no one at celebrate recovery will know. Im not going to tell anyone else I smoked. Im still in counting for my 30 days" etc. I feel so awful! And I didnt do anything! And the worst part is, this is the 3rd time this has happened. What does it even mean?! Theyre so real, and too scary. :(		
Why do you think the liver cells of some people who abuse alcohol and drugs have an increased amount of smooth				
Am i becoming an alcoholic 10 points to best answer		Im turning 15 in october, i know this is going to sound weird but i think i might be a problem drinker or even an alcoholic. When i was little (5-7) i started drinking. Not getting drunk, but id sneak down into the basement and drink what was left of my dads beer. The first time i got drunk i was 13. I had 4 shots and then i couldnt stop. I was terrified the feelig would go away. I was with 3 other girls and they literally had to hold onto the bottle so i couldnt have anymore. They couldnt have anymore because if they took their eyes off their shot glass, id drink it. I was humiliated the next day. I crave being drunk. I think about it all the time and I think about how im going to get drunk next. I even drink mouthwash sometimes. I recently moved and cant get booze unless i take it from my parents. So i can only get drunk once every 1-2 weeks and it drives me crazy. Once i start, i do incredibly stupid **** just to get drunker and to make sure it doesnt go away. After half a bottle of wine, i opened a bran new case of beer (it was my dads and i new i would be caught) but i didnt care. Im buzzed right now and If i could live drunk, i could. But the thing is, ive been drunk under 30 times (probably) in my life. I cant stop though, i love it, it gives me an escape. Also, i have family members with substance abuse issues. Does this sound like problem drinking, alcoholism or neither? Thanks:)		
Would you give up alcohol altogether for the love of your life: a non-drinker who resents drinkers/alcohol		The love of my life is a non-drinker and told me he will never truly be happy in our relationship as long as I drink. Why? He has a family history of alcoholism, which caused him to resent alcohol. I know it will be a major change in my life, but I also believe that love is more important than alcohol. I want happiness with him and I want to make him happy. He is such a lovely man, everything I have ever wanted in a man. My best friend, my lover and my love. What do you think? Would you give up alcohol, smoking... for love? PS: I am not an alcoholic mysele...but a social drinker.		
Does anyone know of a place in Richmond, VA that helps people who abuse alcohol and drugs		I have a boyfriend who cant sleep without having something in his system. He is now 20 years old and he started this drinking issue about 4 years ago. He smokes marajuana but I dont have a problem with that cause he can control himself more with that than the alcohol. but everytime he doesnt have weed he turns to alcohol and gets angry if he doesnt have enough to get him drunk. I want to find him help and he also wants help but doesnt believe anything is going to help him. So please help. Any advice would be helpful. I really dont want this to ruin his future. i care about him way too much to see something bad happen to him.		
Why do people even like alcoholic drinks		Once I turned 21, I tried a rum and coke and a sex on the beach. Yuck, nasty, nasty. My good friends tried to get me drunk, by forcing me to drink all sorts of alcoholic beverages, like booze. It was horrible. I had to pretend I was drinking the alcohol. My exboyfriend thought I was drunk and decided it was time to do a THREESOME with some random girl he found at the casino. I didnt want to get him mad (he was drunk, and often threatened to abuse me<SEMCOL> it never happened though). Anyways, so my first drink wasnt that hot. So I was forced against my will to go wine tasting with my family at some fancy California winery or something with elite $9,000 wines. It was really bad. I spit it out, nearly on my mom. That was my last time. So, why do people like alcoholic drinks lol? It tastes like donkey pee and turns people into monsters.		
Discussion on weed/alcohol		This is less of a straight up question and more of a reaction question. I was wondering how people felt on weed/alcohol I feel like its wrong for marijuana to be illegal especially when alcohol is not. When do you think it will be legalized for recreational use in most states? Im almost 16 years old and I used to smoke almost every single day and the only real problem is that its a huge waste of money. I cant smoke anymore because im getting a job. It shows barely any harm to lungs and when it is consumed in a food or other way then smoking. And is not physically addicting, meaning if your always high you wont experience withdraw but you may have insomnia or some other minor change for a small amount of time. I was just wondering how the majority felt towards marijuana.		
How do you quit drinking alcohol when all you ever do seems much nicer when you drunk				
How do i know if im addicted to alcohol		i started drinking last yr. 2012 dec. 16 something, my first 3 months, i drink once or twice a month. then june 2013, i did once or twice a week. i drink because i have social anxiety, am i dependent ? addicted ?		
Am I becoming an alcoholic		I am a previous heroin user. Now my bf and I drink a lot and I feel like I need to always drink now to have a good time. I dont even want to make love if Im sober. Am I becoming addicted to alcohol??		
Should cricket teams/boards be more selective on who their sponsors are and avoid tobacco or alcohol related		companies? I understand that its not so easy to just pick and choose sponsors, but should there be some boundaries set? In todays world it is pretty unthinkable to be affiliated with a tobacco company. Why not extend that to alcohol as well? After a lot of the social and health problems we face in the (western) world alcohol related, including alcohol fuelled violence and road crashes.		
Is there more to the religion of Atheism then sexual immorality, drugs, and alcohol		what good do they bring to society?		
The effect of alcohol abuse on the breakdown of human homeostatic responses		Please Help!!	Additional Details I need help before MONDAY PLEASE!! IF ANSWERED I WILL GIVE 10 POINTS!!!!!	
Long term alcoholic mom		So its been almost 12 years, she drinks every single night. Its gotten super bad. One night she crashed the truck and drove it home, she threw oranges at our neighbors, banged on other peoples properties, threw a chair at me (Im 16 now), almost dropped my 8 month sister, she cusses every second, acuses my dad of abuse, calls my 10 year old brother gay when he cries about her, she trashed our rooms and our house, calls me and my dad a ***** / loser, etc. the worst has happened. I believe it gave us all suicidal thoughts. No matter where we are, she doesnt care. No one cares except us. Her friends still give her alcohol even when we show videos, she gets ahold of alcohol always somehow (even when we dump it out), rehab is not an option because no one will be here to take us to school because my dads the only one working and no one will take care of the baby. We all need mental healing. Any suggestions for help?		
Is weed safer than alcohol		Im 15 and I live in th uk! Ive only been drunk two times and both times were the worst feeling in the world! But the how ever many times Ive smoked weed Ive felt no illness what so ever, and Im aware if you smoke it with tobacco which if it has anything to do with me I dont it can cause cancer and you can become addicted to the bacco but more people die from alcohol and more people have health problems related to alcohol than weed so whats the big deal about it? And dont call me too young to engage in political **** I know I am but I just want to know! Plus alcohol has been ranked more dangerous in this official documentary I watched!		
Why do people say alcohol is addictive like heroin or cocaine		I think its an insult to people in the drug recovery process. If I find a person who doesnt drink and I shove a fifth of vodka down their throat, theyre not going to suddenly become a raging alcoholic. Do the same thing with heroin and you have a new addict on your hands. Why do people still insist that theyre the same?		
Hip hop songs about alcohol abuse		Not songs you can dance to. Songs by people like Eminem and Macklemore about relapsing and addiction.		
How do you know if someone is addicted to drugs and alcohol				
Why do people think alcohol is okay & weed is so bad		There are like no reported cases where marijuana is cited as being THE ONLY reason a bad things, deaths etc happened,,,,,,but alcohol kills people daily. marijuana is being used more & more in medical issues,,,but does any doctor tell you to drink alcohol for your problem/illness? Personally i think alcohol is disgusting and cant see why thats legal esp over pot. I believe its only legal for the self indulgent rich, as well as a sort of population control...money too OMG all of the above really...i mean it does kill if you abuse which alot do...weed wont/could kill you tho..hmmm propaganda kills truth		
If alcohol effected almost exclusively African Americans would America have ended prohibition		The similarities between Prohibition and the War on Drugs are almost the same. High incarceration rate Gang violence Particular ethnicity groups(Italian & irish vs blacks & latinos) in a permanent state of poverty High abuse/addiction rate The biggest if not only difference is that the War on Drugs effects almost exclusively people of color Really not meant as an attack nor am I calling anyone racist however when a policy doesnt effect you directly its easy not to see the damage its causing	Additional Details Yet in ending prohibition weve managed to regulate it. Tax it. Help those suffering from addiction get treatment, dramatically bring down violent crimes. Why is the Drug war so different that the same tactics cant be used? What a Fine: did you even read beyond the question?	
Alcohol or Drug..........,,,,,,,,,,......? ,,,,,,!		Do you think that friends can influence one to take alcohol/drugs ? If yes, how may one protect himself/herself from such an influence ? Or why is that once a person starts taking alcohol or drugs , it is difficult to get rid of this habit ? In your view , what motivates the youngsters to take to alcohol or drugs and how can this be avoided ?????		
I think im addicted to alcohol, but how can I tell!!		Basically, (i know this sounds bad) but im only 13, and I feel the need to drink red wine every night,because i love the feeling it gives me, (you know, the slightly dizzy feeling and then feeling chilled...) I tend to drink at night, and late evenings so that if I start acting funny in front of my parents they wont get suspicious of being on alcohol and ill just go and sleep it off.... but then i feel worst in the morning and then in the evenings i want more... and its constantly on repeat for the last week or two... :/ am I addicted to alcohol? I reallyyyy like Original WKD vodka aswell and feel the need to ask my stepdad to go out and buy it for me, even though hell just laugh and go uh. how about no...  I occassionally feel as if im fallin asleep too, and then I wake up at a sound that I was concentrating about... do I have an addiction? i kinda wanna stop but Ill just want it more? ps<SEMCOL> i sometimes get sick come up my neck, and sometimes my arms feel heavy,numb and tingly, and only once/twice has my chest felt really heavy heartbeats and weird breathing.... Help please, im only a 12 y/o girl!!:(	Additional Details sorry, i accidently put 12 y/o at the bottom sentence. im actually 13!!! :L Lol...	
What factors can cause someone to slide from responsibly consuming alcohol to becoming an alcoholic				
Does anyone ever recover from alcoholism Why or why not Do you think society?s views on drinking have cha				
What happens to babies with fetal alcohol syndrome and arent treated		if a child is born addicted to alcohol and isnt given medication, what happens?		
How much alcohol can I drink while taking warfarin		Im 18 years old and was recently diagnosed with Pulmonary Embolism. Im currently undergoing treatment and have to stay on warfarin for 6 months. I know so far that I am allowed a drink or two under the limits but Ive been told I cant binge drink. I know that 6 months isnt long and its not that I have an alcohol abuse problem or anything like that, but I have my university freshers week coming up soon and Im really disappointed that I cant have a few drinks for it. Could someone please explain to me what the most amount is that I can have? And the consequences if I was to have a few too many drinks?? Thank you.		
Drinking alcohol daily effects on health		Im in college and dont know anyone so its uncomfortable for me to meet knew people. I like my roommates but they already have their friends and are a year older. If i drink say 2-3 shots a day of 100 proof for social anxiety, is that bad for my health? Im about 155 lb guy. It doesnt affect my academics, just makes it easier to loosen up and talk more fluently. Your thoughts?		
HELP ME. i am SO SCARED. i use ALCOHOL to DESTRESS...is this ALCOHOLISM. im SCARED.			am an only adult daughter of two mentally ill parents. NO FAMILY SUPPORT. I live 2 hours from them. With my wonderful partner of 10yrs. He has to live 2 hours from my parents as he has to travel 4hrs to and from work daily in a specialized job. Its the only place he can work. I deal with my parents Tues to Friday by living with them and trying my best with them. They are stubborn and everything has to be done for them, like babies. When i return to my partner i drink a bottle of wine two nights over weekend. My doc says i need addiction counselling but i am just stressed and need and outlet so this is the unhealthy one i chose...am i a real addict. I have no job as I had to quit my work 3yrs ago in order to do this. They have one health issue after another and its a nightmare wtih them both. I hate my life. My parents also EXPECT that i make these sacrifices. They make that clear and they are very demanding. It is full on and hell. Drinking and smoking a few cigs on Fri and Sat night is something i look forward to. I know its not the way to de stress but id really miss it if i had to stop. Its my time for zoning out. i do not drink Sun, Mon, Tue, Wed, Thur, I drink a bottle of wine Friday night when i get back to my partner and about a bottle on Saturday night.	
Do people smoke cigarettes & drink alcohol often times to alleviate feelings of "Stress"		smoking drinking and what other bad habits are associated with trying to alleviate "Stress"? what causes stress too btw? WHY SOME CAN HANDLE IT WITH OUT SMOKING , ETC? OR MAYBE THEY DONT FEEL STRESS AS MUCH? WHY?		
How can I help my alcoholic Mum		I am 19 years old and my Mum is an alcoholic. My Dad left my Mum 7 years ago and since then my Mums drinking has spiralled out if control. My youngest brother passed away whilst my parents were still together and this caused her to drink heavily. My Mum has always liked a drink, but since Dad left she has become both physically and mentally abusive to myself and my now 18year old sister and 13 year old brother. There are three of us living half the time with my Mum and half the time with my Dad. My brother was 8, my sister was 11 and I was 12 when Dad left my Mum. My sister and I would run from our secondary school to my little brothers school (about a half an hour walk) to pick him up on my Mums days as he was only little. We would make his dinner each evening and packed lunch for the next day, make sure he was washed etc. We would take it in turns to do his homework with him. We always walked him to school in the morning. Our grades began to suffer. We did all this because our Mum was sat in the conservatory with a few bottles of wine each night. My sister and I had to phone for an ambulance many a times when she had passed out and we couldnt wake her. This has been happening ever since. Her drinking has caused alot of arguments that have sometimes got violent. We have ended up with black eyes, burst lip, bruises etc. She has never hit my brother. We had to tell Dad lies, such as A football hit me in the face at school during PE or I walked into a door frame etc. My mum met her current partner, who moved in straight away, about five years ago. They sit and get drunk together each night. He will even drink and drive to get MORE alcohol. Hes a spineless **** that does nothing when Mum kicks off. She is the best Mum when sober, but turns nasty when drunk. She does however, hold a steady job. We told my Dad one day who wanted to call the police, social services etc. but we begged him not to. We want her to get help. She doesnt think she has a problem.		
Am i an alcoholic do i need help		my mom and dad are both alcoholics, ive been drinking since a couple of months after i turned 21 like 2 months after about a month after i turned 21 i got a new boyfriend he became emotionally abusive we lasted about 2 years. im 23 now. he was the one who encouraged me to drink he was telling me to stop taking meds for my bipolar disorder and just drink and smoke weed. i still take my meds but sometimes when i get angry or upset or heartbroken i drink a couple fruity alcoholic drinks. i cant drink regular beer becuase it makes me gag because it taste gross. we and my ex were fighting the last 6 months we were together he was getting abusive he would break up with me then get me back a couple days later i would be hurting so bad and crying so i would go down the road to 7 eleven then buy drinks drink them then take pictures of me drinking to make me feel better. i finally left him becuase i couldnt take the abuse i feel that has made me a stronger person but then i was seeing another guy that didnt work when he left i drank a little bit. ive even found myself getting mad at my family and then i would drink they tell me i shouldnt drink because my mom and dad are alcoholics i tell them thats not me that is them im diffrent. ive never been really drunk just a bit tipsy and i get loud when i drink and silly. sometimes i feel gulity afterwards but i dont do nothing more than get loud and annoy people. ive never had sex with a guy i didnt know or get arrested i just regret being annoying. do i have a problem?	Additional Details and im not blaming my ex for these problems im blaming myself because i should have left him	
Relationship addicted to alcohol		Can alcoholics change? My boyfriend is an alcoholic, he has a pancreas problem, and therefore he cant drink because he can obviously die. I do not want to see that happen, and the thing is that he went to rehab before and was clean for about three months, but now he picked it up again and is in denial... What do I do? I love him we have been together for a year and six months and my clock is ticking I want kids I am 29 years old, I really want kinds but he is just not very responsible what so ever. He has his own little business and thats it.. He spends money on everything Nd lives with his mom, and a one bedroom apartment . I came over the other day for dinner and and his mom was yelling at him very bad, why did I have to be present it was so uncomfortable .. I cant believe this , they always do this.... Anyway I just want to know . I want to be with him, but he drives me crazy and I dont know how to deal with him, I am not good at saying why u drinking thats it its over,, I am not good at this. I have no clue,how to deal with him. Its a very difficult situation!!		
Are you glad the band Cattleguard broke up over alcohol abuse and severe spinal cord injuries		The drummer broke his back five years ago, and is now paralyzed. He used alcohol to numb the pain. Combined with his pain meds he is unable to continue with the band. www.reverbnation.com/cattleguard/ R.I.P. Mack		
Isnt it Islam that is the only mainstream religion to address the problem of alcohol		We all know that consumption of alcohol causes major problems not just to the individual also to the society at large. We see the effects which include - drunken driving deaths, domestic abuse, violence etc. This is a major world issue, yet I do not see any other tradition trying to address it. In Islam, we just stay away from it completely.		
Why do people habitually abuse drugs, alcohol and tobacco, then beg for healthcare after getting sick			I hear stories of peoples grandparents smoking, then beg for sympathy after they die. REally? They smoked themselves to deaths, not anyone else problem. They could have tried as hard as they could to prevent their grandfather from smoking. Then there are stories of teens and their deaths from drugs. They get put on TV and get free healthcare when they should be punished for using illegal drugs.	
Does drinking alcohol everyday make you an alcoholic				
Im moving to New York state and not finding any drug and alcohol counselor jobs.		Im moving to zip code 12435 Ulster county and looking for a job as a substance abuse counselor/drug and alcohol counselor but Im really not finding anything. I moving from Baltimore, city and their are always hundreds of jobs in this career field, em I doing something wrong or New York State really doesnt have any real drug and alcohol problems? Also Im told that New York gets allot of snow, I have a Chevy cavalier 1997, do I need a different vehicle or just some real good snow tires.? Finally, does anyone know of a city called Greenfield Park and where is the town hall?		
Will social drinking make an alcoholic		I socially drink with my friends will I have a problem if I do this every week? Im scared that I will become addicted to alcohol. Im only 22. My uncle on my dads side has been drinking for about 10 years and I dont want to be like him.		
Am I addicted to the taste or the alcohol of beer 		I drink around 8 to 14 liters per day I dont even know why I dont even feel drunk and every bottle has 5% alcohol in it what can happen to me if I continue with this ..?		
Biologically addicted to Alcohol		Im a 28 year old male. My father was an alcoholic for a portion of his life before I came to life, thats the only real reasoning I can find. Heres the thing. I dont need alcohol on a daily basis or anything... its only in social situations. I can go months without drinking as long as Im alone. But once Im with people I need to drink to be able to smile, keep eye contact, keep a stimulating conversation going pleasantly, be interesting, let my personality shine... I dont slur my speech or stagger my walk, I dont become stupid off of alcohol, it just makes me feel perfect and normal and functioning. Its always been like that. I even experience increased memory and cognitive abilities when i drink. Im really unique about it compared to what I usually see from people who drink at any situation. I go from a stuttering nevrotic to Sean Connery on 5 drinks... without fail. Its too good to be true and its a match made in heaven. I go from contributing positively to a relationship when I drink, to being sort of a slow nervous drag when Im sober. Im just trying to justify this in a world where its stigmatized as much as it is. All my instincts and feelings tell me to continue drinking in social situations, but there is something in the back of my mind telling me I should look for help or alternative measures, spirituality, meditation, you name it... and Ive tried it all... and I always end up loosing relationships because I dont drink... because I try to go for the sober long haul and just become this sack of neurotic ****. Would you know how painful it is to feel unable to smile in your lovers eyes because you have some disfigured nerves which dont allow you to do just that, just because your sober? Its horrible. Id rather live my life happy and spread happiness than to deal with this horrible condition anymore. What does anybody here on the web think? I would love some feedback. Please spare me from the "seek help" cliches...		
Are children who have parents that are strict about alcohol more likely to abuse alcohol				
What is worse drinking alcohol or doing drugs		Which one is worse and is more addicting? I do both and my girlfriend yells at me all the time.		
Do you look down on men who dont drink alcohol		Why are teetotaller looked down upon by some women? Since when did consumption of alcohol become a sign of masculinity? Isnt it a personal choice? I would love to hear peoples views. Thanks in advance.	Additional Details @Samantha: I wasnt referring to dipsomaniacs and abusers. But yeah your answer made me smile.	
Where wud u feel the pain from your liver from alcohol abuse				
Drugs and alcohol in the workplace		Hey guys, Im currently doing a 2000 word assignment about drugs and alcohol and I need more to type about as Ive only done 500 words and this is the question I have to type 2000 words about: Should alcohol and drug testing be made compulsory across all work environments? I just need more questions within this question to answer like, the past of alcohol yadiya. Just something to type. So far Ive done this: For this investigation, I will be investigating whether alcohol and drug testing should be compulsory across all work environments. Drugs and alcohol isn?t uncommon in the workplace, it?s seen everywhere around Australia and it?s quite an issue in the workplace. If you consume too much alcohol then you?ll become drunk, which makes you much more unaware and not as focused. As an electrician, you must be focused at all times as you?re constantly around danger. In 2004, an electrician was working at a switchboard in a house under construction which was live and he had been electrocuted. Forensics had done tests for alcohol consumption and he had been 0.09 BAC (Blood Alcohol Calculated). They believe that he had imagined that it was off but was live. Most illegal drugs today are very addictive and very harmful to the user, drugs like marijuana have spread globally and are now known worldwide. Many people still smoke marijuana everywhere around the electrical trade from commercial to domestic areas. But, more serious drugs that make you hallucinate are the very bad ones. In 2008, an electrician at a workplace construction site who was addicted to Heroin had overdosed during the workers break when he was supposedly going to the toilet. The testing for Alcohol is already used today on the road, random alcohol tests are all over Australia now due to the amount of people who drive over the Blood Alcohol Content level (0.05). BAC isn?t currently used very commonly around workplace areas. Australia is the 4th most alcohol consumed country in the world. Due to the amount of beer it produces, this puts Australia way up the charts of alcohol consumption. Alcohol?s effect comes from the effect of your liver being distracted by processing all of the alcohol and results into damaging the brain and making you feel very dizzy and not yourself. For drug testing, it?s much harder as you have a small time span to do the test as the effect of a drug wears off much quicker then, however. There is one for marijuana which is a saliva test but cannot be past the due time which is 12 hours. Within marijuana is THC, the main source of the drug which makes you feel sleazy. This stays in your blood stream usually for a few hours then fades due to THC being metabolized into molecules known as metabolites. THC is only found within prescription drugs and marijuana. The drug effect of Marijuana isn?t the only problem with it, studies show that marijuana does more damage to your lungs than tobacco as the fumes of marijuana are very lethal to the lungs. It shows that every marijuana joint you smoke is equivalent to smoking 3-5 cigarettes in terms to damaging your lungs. Thanks Yahoo community, Hope you can help me ! - Yianni		
If a mother is an alcoholic and works only 12 hours a week asking her sons 18 for money she is scum				
Does alcohol reduce love between couples		does alcohol abuse reduce the relationship between couples		
Mixing lorazepam/ativan with alcohol	Huh		Oops. Please, spare me the lectures, I know this was stupid of me but I was having a panic attack so I took 2mg of lorazepam. I was still nervous then I decided to have a drink. I felt a really warm sensation rip through my body almost immediately. I thought I had heard somewhere that mixing this type of drug with alcohol was a bad idea, and I just looked it up and it said it can cause death?! Did I take/drink enough to be risking this?	
Am I an alcoholic Or was I young and just fooling around		I am having a hard time figuring out if I am an alcoholic. When I was 17 my mother found out that I was doing drugs. I had only been drinking for a year and smoking meth for about a month. So when she told me that she was going to drug test me I was afraid of getting grounded so I came up with the idea to say I need help that I was addicted. I now have 6 years sober in Alcoholics Anonymous. And I have come to the realization that I was most likely just a teenager "messing around" and acting dumb. I have NEVER been able to relate to another alcoholic when they tell their story. I have no desire to get drunk. I have a desire to sit down with my husband and enjoy a glass of wine over a nice dinner. Or enjoying a beer at a bbq. I need people inputs please. This is a decision that I need to think through. It is a serious, life altering decision.. Please give me experience, strength and hope.		
Do you think that if Alcohol makes you much happier than the average person you are likely to become addicted		Like the first few times you drink you are just on top of the world you have a higher chance of being an alcoholic?		
Nurofen Plus and Alcohol overdoses		Hi. My wife has a nurofen plus problem and I am at a loss over what to do. After getting a box of 32 at 4pm yesterday (I took her to the shop), she had taken all of them by 9.30pm. This was in combination with half a bottle of vodka. She denied this all at first and got incredibly angry at me. She swore on the life of someone close to her that she had only taken 4 tablets...then it increased to 6....then 8. She would not show me the box to prove anything and I found it myself. It was only then she admitted it and she attempted to turn everything around and blame me for it. The thing is - she did this once before in February. That time it was at least 3/4 of a bottle of vodka with a whole box of 32 in about 4 or 5 hours. I truly, after we were about to split up over it as I have a little boy to protect, she then cut it down. However, over the last few months I have noticed that she is getting boxes regularly. I thought she had done the same a little while ago - which led to a big argument. I also thought she had done it another time too. Each time she would get angry with me for saying anything - indeed, she would swear on a loved ones life each time that she hadnt taken more than 4. See the pattern? These days I see her with a few vodka each night for the majority of the week. My wife is otherwise lovely - caring, pretty, intelligent and has a good job. She cant see that I am worried about her. Ibuprofen, codeine and alcohol to that degree are an overdose - but she does not see that!!!!!!! She has promised to stop each time but it has not happened - and it was the absolute face to face from her lies mixed with anger over accusing her that have also really upset me. All I remember from last night was her shouting at me and threatening to go to her mothers for me not believing her - until she admitted it when I showed her the box.		
Are drug/alcohol addictions considered a mental illness		and how about other addictions? Any addiction from video game playing to over-eating to obsessive exercising or too much TV watching?		
Why arent liberals mad about "sin taxes" on tobacco & alcohol if they unequally harm the poor		Nicotine addicts and alcoholics should just cowboy up and quit cold turkey if theyre poor, right? Even if poor people are essentially using these substances as a cheaper, self-medicating alternative to psychological help. Even if drinking and smoking are the only little bits of joy that people get in their days of drudgery ringing up your groceries and scrubbing your toilets. Isnt this just as bad as when conservatives blame junkies for their addictions, or blame the poor for being poor? God forbid you should have to suffer the indignity of walking by a smoker on the sidewalk. And before you rant about health care costs to everyone, remember that your vices and eating habits will be next.	Additional Details @Tom: You dont know me. I am a liberal. Your assumption fails. I do care about the poor. I address this question to liberals because they profess to have the same concerns. I dont address this to conservatives because I totally expect them to be okay with authoritarian and paternalistic behaviors. Right-wing libertarians not included. @NOME: Nothing you do brings costs to society? You always eat healthy foods, and always exercise, and get the requisite amount of sleep at night? How much should we be allowed to dictate the behavior of others because it might cost us something - directly or indirectly?	
Life full of regret, drugs, alcohol and broken dreams.		Where do i start? I guess ill start with where my life... got exiting. I have always been that person that always says yes to everything. Well not EVERYTHING, but if someone in the street would ask me about something im 90% likely to help that person even though it might interfere with places i already need to be. Youre probably thinking that its a good thing to be kind to people. It isnt. I started to hangout with a group of people that would do anything for me, and i would do everything for them. It was the best kind of friendship i could imagine where i was never alone in anything. When we were in our senior year of highschool we started to party, ALOT. There was no weekend where i didnt feel my head exploding from hangovers and memory loss. After awhile it started to get boring and we didnt have any fun activity to do before we grew up and started to smoke pot in parties. It was fun laughing and eating everything in sight, but it wasnt enought. We started to smoke during school and recess. After that we stopped going to school because it was to annoying waking up in the morning. Thats when my mom started to hate me. I was only home when i was sleeping because, well, what the hell was i supposed to do at home is what i thought. Now i had no school and no money, what to do? I started to sell drugs and got into to much crime that im not proud of.Thats when i stopped having emotions and stole from my family and gave them a hard time. After 3 years of drinking, smoking pot and sniffing snow, i realised that my life had hit rock bottom. I realised in a room full of gangbangers and drugs while i was fkd up, dumb and young. I left that room went home packed my thing and left the city that i lived in and moved to another province with my family (family moved due to rent being to high). So, well, a guy with bad education, no job experience and no life, what do i do now to make my family happy, and what should i do so i can start to feel again? Is suicide the answer?	Additional Details (oh yeah i fought with my friends and the group split due to something i did, something i thought would help a friend, but i was wrong)	
Am I going to become an alcoholic or drug addict like my parents		My whole family on both sides says Im going to become an alcoholic, smoker, and drug addict because it runs in the families and especially in my parents. Im 16 and have never drank, smoked or done any drugs before. I hate my family and especially my parents with every fiber of my being because the situations theyve put me in because of their substance abuse. My parents choose a drink or a hit of drugs over me. Ive always came second. I grew up in multiple houses and apartments because my parents cant keep a stable home and theres always been alcohol, cigarettes, marijuana and crack and possibly meth in the house. This sickens me and Im apparently going to turn out the same way?!? I dont want that! What are the chances of this happening to me? Also though, sometimes I wish I had alcohol to take shots with until I get drunk as f**** just to escape everything I have to put up with and this absolutely terrifies me. I havent succumbed to it though. How can I avoid this?		
Could I be an alcoholic		im only 19, but I feel as though I drink too much already. I need a to be drunk whenever I meet new people and want to seem more outgoing. I need to be drunk whenever I go out places with my friends. I need to be drunk whenever I have alcohol or the opportunity to get alcohol from a friend who is over 21. I know I cant go to work drunk, because I need money to support my love for alcohol. I would go to high school drunk whenever I could. When I go to a party, Im usually the first person to be Wasted. I keep drinking till I throw up, than continue drinking. I also realize I am a binge drinker. I once drank 12 Mikes hard lemonades in 8-10 minutes, and continued drinking throughout the night. I have gotten drunk when I woke up in the morning until 2AM the next morning. When im 21, I intend on being drunk every night. I love the feeling being drunk, its soothing, I can act relatively normal and I am more comfortable with myself. My now dead mother was a heavy drug abuser, so it may be genetic of my potential addiction. Am I an alcoholic?		
Im trying to detox off alcohol and benzos. have no inusrance. anyone have tips on how to do this safely				
How does DISULFIRAM work on ALCOHOLISM YO!		How does it work to stop alcoholism? Like with the enzymes and ****?		
Question on alcohol withdrawal		If youve been binge drinking, and had 3 liters of bourbon over the past 5 days, can you stop cold turkey? I heard alcohol withdrawals can be serious, but is it okay to just stop after that?		
Help for alcoholic son		My 33 year old alcoholic son recently lost his home and job and has come to stay with me. He spends all his benefit on alcohol and regularly passes out. He spends all day in bed sleeping then the evenings and nightime boozing. He has started to become abusive and I am genuinely afraid of him. I have to keep all this from my husband who has brought my son up but isnt his natural Father. I dont know what to do as if I throw him out he will have nowhere to go as he has no friends either. I am at my wits end and my health is affected ad I cannot sleep. No silly replies please. Thank you.		
Experience with an alcoholic/addict Should we let him stay with us		My husbands best friend is going through some tough times. He injured his back at work and over the last 3 years has become very addicted to prescription pain killers. On top of that, he drinks heavily to kill the breakthrough pain. A few months ago he got very drunk and threatened suicide. His wife finally reached her breaking point and asked for a divorce. This really threw him over the edge. Lets just say it hasnt been pretty, and if he hasnt hit rock bottom hes pretty dang close. He actually seems to be doing better now, but were not sure whether thats an act or its real. After a few weeks out of town he is back and living at his old house with his wife, which isnt good for either of them. He asked if he could stay with us for a while. We really want to be there for him. We know that in his heart hes the greatest guy in the world. But we also know that addiction changes people. Were a little scared to be honest. We dont know what to do if he has a relapse with pain killers and/or alcohol. We dont want him to commit suicide, especially not in our home. Any experience or advice would be welcome. Please no snarky comments if you have no experience with this very serious situation.		
Iv become really down and turned into a raging alcoholic since the death off a loved one		its been almost a year i 4t id feel better by now but its got to the point were buying beer has become the main aim off my everyday.i get drunk to forget but then end up listening to sad songs n cryin anyway so its not really helping but now i been drinkin so long i dnt no how to stop or if i even want to what can i do in this situation im to ashamed to go docs for help	Additional Details omg iv always 4t of adoption charities as a bad thing but uv just actually convinced me to donate thats some good facts , i no about the going cold turkey is bad. iv gone days wivout before when i ***** afford any n then had hot sweats all night n traumatic nightmares, was not fun so it kinda makes me not wanna stop cus i dont want that kind of fear again. that was before i even had all this emotion so itll be 10 times worse now i deel everyone off those emotions you say. i do believe in god just 4t he would brought me back to him by now. i dont wanna go docs cus im ashamed off what ive became im to embarrassed	
Why do people drink and what is the cause for alcohol abuse		stress? depression? can you list some thing on why people start drinking?		
Can you baker act someone that desparetly need rehabilitation from alcohol abuse				
What are some newer movies that involve alcohol abuse				
Why cant I drink alcohol anymore		A couple years ago I was able to drink and have a good time. I would be happy, able to enjoy my time, pain free, and energetic. I could also drink like triple the amount that I can drink now. Now when I drink I get headaches, I get grumpy/sad, I feel tired. But if I drink enough to where most people would be feeling pretty good, I still feel pretty alert and aware but my body feels drunk(Sight impared, movement impared) Like Im mentally just tipsy, but my body is piss drunk. Usually Ill black out, but if I stay conciousness for this, I sometimes start perfusivley sweating or Ill just throw it all up. But it sucks cause I want to have a good time sometimes and my body will never allow me to get the mental drunk you get from alcohol. I did have an incident last summer where I OD from Tylenol (Terrible for you liver) but the doctor said I was fine and that the liver quickly repairs itself. But i feel like ever since then I couldnt drink. I dont know if it has any relation or my liver has just had enough drinking, but I want to know why alcohol now makes me feel like this and if there is anyway that I can still enjoy myself every so often? Thanks, Ella<3		
Long term effects alcohol		as in pretty serious drinking in your twenties for most of two years		
Liver transplant recipient who still consumes alcohol on daily basis		Unfortunately in 2008 my mother had to receive a liver transplant from heavy prescription pill and alcohol use, she was 38 then. She has continued to abuse alcohol now mainly and she is 43 today. How long will her liver hold up before failing again? Her physical appearance has changed especially bloating in her abdomen area which makes her look fat now but no sign of jaundice so far. She is a chronic alcohol user who stays inside most of her days and has failed numerous treatment programs from 2003 and failed her last program one year ago. Now the question is, how much longer can the liver take this? Helpful answers please..		
How to speak to younger sister about alcohol abuse and life		I am concerned about my younger sister, and I will attempt to give you as much detail in as possible without writing a novel. Im 26, live on East Coast. Younger sister, 22, lives 2000 miles away, with her fiance, 36, their 10 month old son, and our mom. Sister and mom have been out there about 5 years now, going to school, trying to live their lives, I guess. Fiance has full time job, Mom is finally pursuing the degree she always wanted to get<SEMCOL> sister is 1.5 semesters away from a Bachelors in anthropology, which the highest degree anyone in our immediate family has achieved. Im so proud of her, and I want nothing more for her to finish, and ideally, move back east. The problem is that from what I hear from my mother, she and her fiance drink every night, and not just one or two drinks. The drinks ranging from beer to whiskey. In addition to the amount of money they spend daily/weekly on alcohol and cigarettes, they tend to leave evidence of their drinking everywhere, and I guess sometimes are so exhausted from it all that my mother ends up taking care of the baby in the morning until one of them gets up. When she and fiance fight, its loud, angry, and something tends to get broken, but its definitely from both sides. Theres never threat of physical violence toward each other, or the baby though. Just objects or walls. This in turn stresses my mother out, because shes going to school full time, and has 2 part time jobs just to try and have a little money, and is sick to death of the alcohol, drugs, and breaking of things. None of us want my sister screwing up her schooling, when shes so close, because of the drinking, but its hard to talk to her about things like that, because she is infamous for getting REALLY angry and not speaking to anyone. I tried recently when I visited to give her some insight, some things Ive been learning about relationships and life and such, and I thought she had taken it to heart, but Im concerned that wasnt really the case. All of us have our own issues. Im dealing with my own problems right now, and dont feel as though I am in a position to be able to help- Im going to start seeing a counselor next week, Im unemployed and trying to regain my life and figure out a complex relationship myself. My mother has her own issues to deal with, as does everyone else in our family, it seems. My older sister, here on the east, too, also has a young child, no partner, is going to school, and has a personality and attitude quite similar to my younger sister and my mother, and likewise is also in no position to help. What kills me most about this, is that even though we come from a long line of alcoholics, addicts, and depression, not to mention women who enable and love too much, on both sides, neither our mother nor our father did things like that. Our childhood was not necessarily the best- there is a large extent to which I dont think our parents were there for us or encouraging/loving on an emotional level as much as they should have been, but they didnt drink, or abuse drugs, or throw and break things. Yell, yes. But that was the worst of it. I guess I understand to an extent that shes acting out because she doesnt necessarily know any better, and her fiance, too has his own issues with himself, his family, and his addictions, that really need to be addressed. But, hes a 36 year old man, hes been on his own since he was 17, nobody can tell him what to do. I want to help so badly before something terrible ends up happening but I seriously feel helpless. I dont want to just sit back and watch their lives go downhill, even though thats what my boyfriend would suggest I do- theyre adults, they make their own decisions, you cant worry about them. Well I do! I want them all to go to some kind of counseling, if they can fit it into their schedules, but I cannot make them. I know you cant help anyone if they arent willing to help themselves. I just dont know what to do. I would like to be there for my sister, be the sister I always should have been, but I am at a loss. Ive asked her to talk to me, anytime she wants, but she doesnt. How can I communicate to her without her taking everything as a direct insult and potentially not talking to me again? I love her so much, I love my nephew, and Id love the fiance if he would stop acting like a teenager. I just want us all to be happy, healthy, and no longer participate in this stupid cycle weve known all our lives. Please help me help my sister. Thank you.		
Amanda Hutton monster or another victim of alcohol		Poor little Hamza Khan joins the 60000+ people who fall victim to alcohol addiction in the UK every year, isnt it time the Government acted decisively and robustly?		
Chest pains and palpitations when drinking alcohol		Im an 18 year old female, I drink alcohol maybe one night a week or so (sometimes once a fortnight, very rarely more than once a week!). Im not a big drinker as I have IBS and alcohol really irritates it, and Im a lightweight so I dont really need much anyway. For the past 3 times Ive drank, Ive had really bad chest pains. Its never happened before. The first time I put down to drinking too much too fast, but tonight I went out and all I had was a bubblegum daqueri that was probably about 4-8% and I drank it quite slowly after a meal. After about 20 minutes, I had really bad chest pains and my heart was beating like Id done a really tense workout. I also had a achey pain from behind my right ear down to my shoulder. The chest pains were so bad at one point that they made me cry. They lasted for about 15 minutes before disappearing completely all of sudden. It was exactly the same the past 2 times before this! I have quite a healthy life style, Im quite active and I eat a lot of fibreful foods for my IBS, like bran, fruit, veg, white meats etc. But I am slightly overweight according to the NHS BMI scale. I usually get a tightening sensation in my chest when Im stressed or anxious, and I have been feeling both of those things a lot this week due to various crappy things happening! Maybe its that? Im not sure, but I just wondered if anyone else has experienced chest pains during/after consuming alcohol or if anyone knows what it is? I wouldnt really mind stopping drinking to be honest, it wouldnt be the end of the world! Thank you for your help :) xxx		
Would I be considered an alcoholic---serious question		I dont drink so obviously I am not an active alcoholic. No one in my family is one other then a great-aunt who is a recovered alcoholic and she is a great-aunt by marriage. However, I hear about alcoholics drinking to clear their anxiety and I immediately have the urge to drink or abuse the prescription drugs I am on for anxiety. I like the idea of being drunk and not getting anxious. Prescription drug abuse is in my mothers family (her sister, niece, and at times her mother). So as a result I am afraid I am a dry-alcoholic meaning an alcoholic by disease but not an active alcoholic. Only problem is I have never had alcohol more then a few occasions and I am 26. So does this make sense and should I consider myself an alcoholic who is not an active one or would an alcoholic truly have to be drinking to be an alcoholic?		
Liver only working 10% from alcohol abuse		Hi, okay so my dad has been an alcoholic since for as long as i can think of. He almost died the last time he went to the hospital & he is on a lot of medication & only has 10% of his liver working. He started drinking again & i have accepted the fact that he wont be here much longer. How long does he have to live? Any ideas?		
Whats so great about alcohol		I have been drunk many times before. But nothing great or bad happened, Id say it was kinda boring. I just dont see the need in drinking alcohol. I have a lot more fun and make a lot more memories with my friends while were playing games or just talking, I really feel like thats when REAL relationships are made, not when youre **** faced in a pile of puke. Im turning 21 next year and everyone is making a big deal cause Ill be able to buy alcohol, but why buy it when its expensive and soda tastes 100 times better? I just dont get it. I feel as though Im the only one who thinks this. Whats so great about alcohol?		
Questions about dating an alcoholic / how to live a sober lifestyle		my boyfriend is an alcoholic. hes been sober for nearly two weeks. before this he hadnt been sober for more than 3 days since he was a young teen. he is not physically addicted in the sense where he gets "the shakes", or physical withdrawal symptoms, aside from problems sleeping. He says he doesnt feel like he physically NEEDS to drink but he says that he cant control himself no matter how hard he tries. before he became sober, every day hed wake up saying he wouldnt drink and every night hed end up back at the bar and drink himself into a stupor. he is however extremely emotionally addicted (if theres a such thing), and everything in his social life ties into drinking--his friendships, his job, his lifestyle. Drinking has gotten him into debt, turned him into an emotionally abusive person, ruined friendships, ruined our relationship, and made him make countless other devastating mistakes. Then again sometimes he CAN just have one beer. Or go home and not drink at all that night. Another issue is that he is extremely functional alcoholic. Never misses work, never lets drinking/hangovers get in his way of waking up and doing things he says he going to do. Friends find his "drunk side" enjoyable and funny. Only me and his family hate that side of him and see how ugly and quickly his personality can change. Now that hes not drinking he doesnt really know what to do with himself. Neither do I. Were in our 20s, live in a big city, and because hes in the food industry going out to dinner, pairing wine with meals, and just nightlife/drinking culture is so embedded in his lifestyle. Now he just doesnt go out, doesnt see friends, just stays home and goes to bed. On his days off he does healthy things like going to the museum, taking day trips, etc. But I want him to have fun while being sober. I dont want him to have to give up everything. I dont want him to feel like not drinking = a boring, resigned life. For now he says hes happy not drinking but I feel like sooner or later hes either going to go back to it. So im wondering, 1) is it possible for an alcoholic to eventually be able to drink and control themselves? Like have a glass of wine with dinner? Or a few beers during the weekend? Without spiraling back into a severe drinking problem? 2) If he decides to remain permanently sober, what are some suggestions for things to do, or tips on how to still do the same things he used to minus the drinking aspect? When, if ever, is it ok for him to go to a party or a bar and be surrounded by drinking, without being triggered/tempted to go back to it? Does this mean I have to stop drinking too? I feel like its unfair to go out without him, or have a beer in front of him.		
What does an alcoholic feel after drinking a ton of alcohol		Do they feel the same buzzed/drunk feeling we do? I understand that drug users are addicted to the way the high feels to them, so are alcoholics simply addicted to the drunk feeling, or is it something completely different?		
Can drinking to numb emotional pain cause alcohol addiction		Im going through a hard time now, where no guy wants me, no guy is ever paying any attention to me, and I am not getting any physical affection, and its just tearing me apart because my friends dont understand me cause theyre getting touched, and hugged, and attention from guys :( and I wanna start drinking but Im afraid Ill get addiction to it, will I?		
My mom is an alcoholist-cant stand being home anymore		Im 16 and since I was ~11ish, my mom has been drinking a lot always when she isnt working. Shes my single parent and Im an only child. She is drunk 1-5 times a week. Shes gradually starting to drink more and more, mainly because she suffered a "heartbreak" (some stupid guy at a local bar didnt love her back, I doubt my mom even knows anything about love) and hasnt been at work for a month now.. I think the actual reason for her drinking is depression though but I dont know why. She isnt suicidal however. Millions of times she has said shell stop going to the bar and drinking so much but she never actually does what she says. I dont have a dad in my life, because he was a drug addict (like my mom before my birth) and probably dead, I dont know much about him. My mom is treating me horribly and is so mean and evil and doesnt even give a ****. Shes pretty normal when sober but a hell breaks loose always when she is drunk. We fight nearly every day.. Im straight edge so I just cant accept her use of drugs (I think she doesnt anymore, but I dont really know for sure what she is doing when shes out) and alcohol. Shes a scary freak when intoxicated. I cant speak about this to any of my friends, they know nothing at all, because Im so embarrassed that I have this kind of family history. Where could I speak about this, to someone who could help? I just cant wait to move out, but I have no job or other income so its pretty difficult. Relatives are out of question in every way, because of my mom all bonds into them have broken completely... but I definitely DO NOT want to be taken into foster care. Weve two cats and I could never leave them... Please give me advice, what I can do, where can I call. Im going crazy soon because Im completely alone in this, so ashamed and I feel so much safer and better even at school (tho I hate being there)...		
Why did the DVLA send me for drug and alcohol testing when I suffer mental health problems		Right so I got a letter form the DVLA saying I needed a medical examination I assumed it was for my mental health problems. I went to the DVLA doctor and had to fill out a form I realised it was all about substance misuse and asked at reception if it was the right form and they said it was just the one that was sent to them. When I saw the doctor I had to explain that I did not suffer from substance misuse but still had to do the tests she didnt seem to know why I had been sent for the tests either and she phoned the DVLA who also didnt seem to know. I have had two provisionals sent through without a medical and for some reason now I have been sent for one. I feel quite upset by the whole experience. Has this happened to anyone else? what should I do? Are the DVLA in the wrong? Im really confused.		
I am 13 and a boy and I am am going to a party with drugs and alcohol but I have choices i need help answering		I am 13 and going to a party with drugs and alcohol. I am in 8th grade and I want to go. I want to have sex with a girl that I know but I dont wanna make the mistake of getting drunk or high and having sex with her and forget to wear a condom and get her pregnant. One way or another I am having sex but I also wanna get high. What should I do? Should I wear a condom to the party?		
Recovering addict/alcoholic and codeine cough syrup		Im a recovering addict and alcoholic (alcohol being what I would consistently run to) but anyway, Ive had a very annoying cough for 2 weeks now, saw my doctor and he gave me a script for augmentin. I finished it and my cough is still here. I did research online and it seems that I have an "unproductive cough". I read that typically they give you cough syrup with codeine for this. If this is all that will work and my mom holds the bottle for me is it safe to take? I know I wouldnt abuse it, I just dont want it to trigger any urges.		
What do people that drink alcohol think of people who dont drink alcohol			Im only 20, and I drink once in a while, but for the past few years I have gone through a nightmare with a drug addict brother and alcoholic dad. Now recently my other brother is getting into drugs as well. I just feel like I dont even want to drink alcohol anymore. I just dont want to do anything bad, I am afraid to mess up like they did. And mostly I just dont see it as fun anymore. My concern is that most of my family drinks, except my mom and one cousin they rarely drink. But the rest are pushy, the kind of people that are like "oh come on, just one drink!" I feel like if I decide not to drink anymore they will tell me I am lame or something, when I am starting to think they are lame. Just from having people around that are addicts I just dont see the point anymore in doing things like drugs or alcohol. I am on here cause I really dont have anyone to talk to. I am just wondering how to deal with all this. I just feel so confused.	
When alcoholics ask for help what are the signs they give		My boyfriend seems to not want me around but then want me again He upset me a week ago and I told him. He phoned me back said sorry and to come over as he told me to stay away that he didnt want yo see anyone. He was not mean but I have never seen him regret treating me that way. When I go yo his place I get the feeling he cant wait for me to leave though not in a bad way. Its not cheating but I think its drinking He dies not weigh me down emotionally we have our own lives but he is keeping me at a distance I told him a while ago that I am there fir him that any worries or support he needs I will be with him. Should I bring up the drinking ?		
I used to be an addict and now am trying to drink alcohol responsibly. Is this a good idea Idk		Ive had drug and alcohol problems from 12-16 and Im at the age where I can drink alcohol legally (19) and I like that I can drink. I even drank a few times but I didnt have enough to get drunk because my parents control my alcohol. Im kinda worried I might end up going back to my old patterns once I start controlling my own alcohol intake and I sometimes even get cravings to do it. Do you think its possible that I could go back to being a full addict? Idk what to do because Im conflicted between desire and the dangers. Mostly because of Cory Monteiths death from drugs<SEMCOL> I dont wanna die like that.		
What kinds of emotional problems cause people to become alcoholics				
Can an alcoholic drink again		Someone in my family is an alcoholic, but 3 years ago became sober after medical problems from drinking. Well, a couple days ago I saw him again for the first time in a couple months and he had about 5 or 6 beers within like 30-40 minutes. Now he hadnt been drinking all day (which he used to do when he was drinking all the time..) But can he really ever drink safely again or will this drinking lead to where he was before? Sorry, I dont know much about alcoholism and stuff, but Im just worried about him. He doesnt drink every day, but will this heavy drinking in short periods of time lead back down the road to alcoholism? Thank you.		
Why do people get addicted to alcohol				
What to do with my addicted/alcoholic lover		Some facts you should know about my situation: I am completely and deeply in love with him He loves me the same:) He would do anything in the world for me We have known each other for around a year, spent a little less than a year away from each other but kept in touch every day, almost hour! Our relationship has been a secret since the beginning for the reasons below this. He used to be addicted to heroine, but he changed it around a couple years ago. He did time in prison. He does a lot of pot. He drinks a lot too. He travels all the time He is 6 years my senior (dont worry Im 18) My family is extremely picky about people, they are semi-traditional, not really "open" My familys happiness is paramount to my happiness I live with my mother<SEMCOL> saving money even though I am barely making ends meet right now. So, I dont have money or a place for him to stay:( I hope you guys can give me some ideas with that. I can help him get a job, but he has to get all clean of alcohol and drugs first. How can I help him get clean if I dont have a place for him to stay? I cant help him get a job how he is now because if this area found out that I knew an ex-con, and heroine addict and I recommended him, then I could lose my job and not move up in the company, then I REALLY cant help him! I can get extra odd jobs to pay for what ever I need to help him get off drugs and alcohol. But with school, additional extra-curricular competitions/projects and a regular job and extra odd jobs and my family! when will I have time for actually taking care of him. I love him so much, I want him to know I will be his rock, and that I am always there for him. Question from that mind puke!: 1) Where can I find a place for him to stay? 2) How should I go about the money situation? 3) Any tips for time management? 4) Any tips for finding him a job? 5) Any extra tips for aspects I probably forgot about?		
How to help my man deal with drugs/alcohol		Some facts you should know about my situation: I am completely and deeply in love with him He loves me the same:) He would do anything in the world for me We have known each other for around a year, spent a little less than a year away from each other but kept in touch every day, almost hour! Our relationship has been a secret since the beginning for the reasons below this. He used to be addicted to heroine, but he changed it around a couple years ago. He did time in prison. He does a lot of pot. He drinks a lot too. He travels all the time He is 6 years my senior (dont worry Im 18) My family is extremely picky about people, they are semi-traditional, not really "open" My familys happiness is paramount to my happiness I live with my mother<SEMCOL> saving money even though I am barely making ends meet right now. So, I dont have money or a place for him to stay:( I hope you guys can give me some ideas with that. I can help him get a job, but he has to get all clean of alcohol and drugs first. How can I help him get clean if I dont have a place for him to stay? I cant help him get a job how he is now because if this area found out that I knew an ex-con, and heroine addict and I recommended him, then I could lose my job and not move up in the company, then I REALLY cant help him! I can get extra odd jobs to pay for what ever I need to help him get off drugs and alcohol. But with school, additional extra-curricular competitions/projects and a regular job and extra odd jobs and my family! when will I have time for actually taking care of him. I love him so much, I want him to know I will be his rock, and that I am always there for him. Question from that mind puke!: 1) Where can I find a place for him to stay? 2) How should I go about the money situation? 3) Any tips for time management? 4) Any tips for finding him a job? 5) Any extra tips for aspects I probably forgot about?		
Why are alcoholics so angry all the time and rage 		If you hurt them once they never let it go EVER.		
Why do people these days put so much emphaize on beer and alcohol		I just dont get it and probably will never understand why people in todays society are so fascinated about beer....beer has been around for thousands of years. Especially with people in their 30s Ive noticed....beer is an acquired taste some people like it some dont and I dont like beer. But I feel like people who dont drink arent cool enough for people who do go out to drink. I get a beer is breaking the ties between people to chill and have a good time. But half the time people do it just to get wasted for a night and wake up with a hangover and make a fool of themselves. I feel like Im not cool to hang out with people from work or school because they go out on weekends to drink, and when they ask me if I drink and I say no......its like we dont have anything else common to talk about. Its like high school all over again seriously... But I am an adult.		
What is worse for your body alcohol or lean(Promethazine w/Codeine)		I got into a debate with a friend of mine. I believe it is better for your body to consume alcohol regularly and he thinks drinking lean(Promethazine w/Codeine) in sprite is better and will cause less problems in the long run. Can I get some answers on which on is really worse for you.		
Part Time - Employed Stuck in an Alcoholic Household How to Leave		Im 19 years old and Im part-time employed with my high school diploma (Thank god). However recently after living with my cousin for a short while 4 months or so my father asked me to move back in with him. The reasoning was due to my mother threatening to say she was being abused(she wasnt to my knowledge) and me being his witness in case testifying were ever necessary. However, shortly after moving in with my father my college funds (yes I was privileged to have this available at all) were used to pay for his debt. Over the course of the next few months living here both my parents have intensified their alcohol use, so much so that if I am around during the weekends on their days off I am almost always removed from the house. Ive been told none of my assets (which arent very many) clothing, electronic equipment, books (like I said not very much) will be taken from me and never given back. I recently created a list of each article of my belongings in case this happens. I live in Ontario and Im not sure if this would make a difference with the OPP. Im broke from living on my "own" previously, my part time job is barely keeping me afloat Ive been looking for jobs across the province even though I have no vehicle or post-secondary education. I have no family besides my parents or any close friends that could take me in, Ive stayed at a shelter before when I was 16 and I would not like to go back. This is not a case of attitude, this is a case of dealing with two alcoholics whom Ive sat down and repeatedly offered to go to AA meetings with..talk about their problems with etc etc. In fact I dont drink alcohol at all, one of the reasons being they will go into my room and search through it looking for a bottle. Another reason would be Im afraid Id become an alcoholic myself. Im at a loss of what to do, apparently Im well spoken and a hard worker but I cant move out with them knowing or my father will be home and make sure I bring nothing with me. This includes clothes Ive paid for, electronics, my birth certificate or any other identification. This form of confrontational abuse has gone on for 5 years or so. If theres any type of assistance that can be offered through government Id like to know considering Im not homeless per se, but that is opt to change at any given moment. If youve made it this far through the text I appreciate your attention. What steps should I take from here, maybe its obvious to some but given my current situation Im very much lost. How should I go about leaving?		
Does an alcoholic feel anxiety when they cant get another drink		Someone told me this is the cycle of alcoholism and I saw a question on here that vaguely seemed to say that also but I cant find it now.		
Anyone can explain me why people drink alcohol		Umar		
Alcoholic who is not in denial		Thing is. I am an alcoholic. I would describe myself as middle stage but were I to relapse hard I can easily imagine myself drinking 150 units a week (almost impossible to imagine less without constantly abstaining and enduring withdrawal), but in practice it would probably be much more like 200. However, I have not been drinking that much because I have been almost constantly trying to quit for the last few months since I first concluded I was an alcoholic (I fully accepted this fact only reasonably). Most of the time I last 2 or 3 days then go back and get hammered, then usually drink the next morning. Problem is, everything I read online tells me that at this stage I should be in denial and have no intention of quitting. To be honest I very much wish this was the case, because then I could keep drinking without feeling all this guilt and shame because after all alcohol is quite clearly the best thing to happen to my life and a lot of the time Ive angry with myself for telling myself that I am an alcoholic. Now I just accept it as a word, because I tend to think "well, actually, its kind of a good thing". Obviously Im semi-taking the piss when I say a lot of the things I just said because I know the logic is not very clear but I really do need to drink at the moment, at least until some other problems get cleared up which they will. To get to the point, I keep reading that people like me should not think that they are alcoholics. I have been drinking for just about two years. I will think a lot of things but I cannot say that I am not addicted to alcohol because I have tested the theory over and over again and to suggest otherwise would be to defy the most basic common sense. Whats wrong with me? Why arent I like all the other 20-year old alcoholics in denial? Seems like they have such a good time.	Additional Details For the record Steve, I was at that level only a few months ago but things spiralled out of control. Youd be surprised how quickly you can get from 10 units a day to 30. And yes, weed is illegal here, I have tried it and will probably get some more though I doubt it will help.	
Symbolism for alcohol in poetry and short story writing		Im writing a story for a school assignment and its about child abuse and Ive written in third person but sort of from a childs perspective. Although I dont want the child in the story to explicitly state that alcohol was the cause of it because its to explicit. What is a symbol I could use for alcohol that a child might say? The sentence I want to use it in is, "Only one monster existed in the boy?s life, which lurked by his side at the sight of spilt milk, the glimpse of an unmade bed, or the poison of _________________" the poison of alcohol is too forward. What else might I put? It could be a metaphor or anything. I just need ideas! Thanks		
Can someone be a drug and alcohol counselor while I on drugs legal drugs of course.		I realize how stupid this sounds, but I am very interested in this field because of family members and friends. I want to help people and my ultimate goal would be, to be a drug and alcohol therapist at a rehab or hospital. However I have a serious disease that causes allot of pain and therefore and prescribed narcotics. I dont abuse them and I never look or get high when I take them. I can provide proof of my disease and get a letter from my Dr if needed. Do I have to give up on this career choice because of my disease? My heart is set on it.		
Was there alcohol abuse within the organization of JWs during prohibition		Jehovahs Witnesses disclose a great deal more social dysfunctions than do other groups. Within the JWs we find more spousal abuse, more child sex abuse, porn, more drug abuse and more ALCOHOL ABUSE. It isnt recognized quite so much among the Witnesses because the "floor" or tolerance for alcohol is already quite high due to the acceptance of alcohol in the bible. Did you know Judge Joseph Rutherford (second president of the Watchtower) was a bona fide alcoholic therefore furious about the United States liquor prohibition? From 1920 to 1933, the United States made it illegal to manufacture, sell, or transport any intoxicating liquors within the United States and its territories based on Article 19 of the Constitution.	Additional Details According to M. James Penton in his book Jehovahs Witnesses and the Third Reich: The Watchtower president railed constantly against prohibition and his agents illegally imported liquor from the Canadian branch offices of the International Bible Association in Toronto to Watchtower headquarters in Brooklyn without blinking an eye, even though the U.S. constitution prohibited the production or possession of alcoholic beverages." (Six Screens artist depiction in picture below) Jehovahs Witness Mark Palo, radio host on The Six Screens, knows all about the massive drinking problems in The Watchtower, as he too suffered from extreme alcoe wants to share a story today, Oct.19, 5:30 pm. est. (NEW YORK TIME) about how his JW uncle, Art Sumen was driven to alcoholism as a direct result of The Organization Policies. Art worked at The Kingdom Farm in the animal slaughter house and wait to you hear how unkind and cruel he was treated. Marks special guest on "WATCHTOWER, BEHIND CLOSED DOORS" will be "Elder Jack" weighing in on the subject of over drinking and how it is covered up by "the powers to be". 3 ways to listen in ...Six Screens Tele-Network Radio Program is broadcast world wide via the Internet. It is easy to come on the program. dial 712-432-8710 and when asked for pin use 9925 or you can listhol abuse. Hen in off of our website via live audio streaming.http://www.sixscreensofthewatchtower.com? TRY OUT THE NEW SIX SCREENS VIDEO SUITE ... CLICK ON LINK AND WATCH THE PROGRAM LIVE. YOU CAN LISTEN IN AND IF YOU LIKE,TALK WITH US RIGHT THROUGH YOUR COMPUTER. NOTE .. YOU CAN ALSO AS OUR GUEST OR CALLER APPEAR IN LIVE VIDEO IF YOU DESIRE .http://login.meetcheap.com/conference,si? TRY OUT THE NEW SIX SCREENS VIDEO SUITE ... CLICK ON LINK AND WATCH THE PROGRAM LIVE. YOU CAN LISTEN IN AND IF YOU LIKE,TALK WITH US RIGHT THROUGH YOUR COMPUTER. NOTE .. YOU CAN ALSO AS OUR GUEST OR CALLER APPEAR IN LIVE VIDEO IF YOU DESIRE .http://login.meetcheap.com/conference,si?	
Can alcoholic abuse cause any STDs like AIDS (I mean the drinking part not what we do when drunk)			Serious question. I know alcohol abuse causes illnesses but can it cause HIV-AIDS or any other STDs that form in non-sexual ways as well.	Additional Details I know drugs can cause HIV-AIDS.
Whats the difference being alcohol dependent and alcohol abuse		In a nut shell, isnt an alcoholic someone who gets drunk every time they drink?		
Cant eat unless ive had alcohol		Wats wrong with me		
Would you date with a alcohol addict			Additional Details WHO is a male... WHO is a male...	
Weed withdrawals and drinking alcohol		Can I ever drink alcohol again ? Cause I heard you cant after a withdrawal from a drug		
Is the wide-spread abuse of Alcohol proof that most people hate their ego	 		Its hard to define our ego but a big part of it is our self-esteem and self-worth in this greed-based, judgmental society. Excessive alcohol goes a long way towards removing these personal beliefs even though we tend to worship them when sober. So does this mean that the wide-spread abuse of Alcohol is proof that most people hate their ego?	Additional Details @nobudE What I am asking is a perfectly reasonable question to ask. Its far from stupid. In fact, only STUPID people would be incapable of understanding what I mean because I simplified the question as much as possible to make sure anybody could answer it. NOBODY knows for sure what the ego is (or if it even exists) but I know what Im talking about because I have studied many theories regarding consciousness from both mainstream science and spiritual concepts. @nobudE Id say your understanding of the word Source is pretty stupid too.
When people cut ties with an alcoholic does it help the alcoholic usually or does it usually not change		anything other then the non-alcoholics no longer are around it? I hear of isolation and ultimatums given to alcoholics but I wonder if they are successful often or just on occasion or 50-50?		
Disease theory of alcoholism, how do i know if i have the disease		When i drink i do feel as though i drink a lot more than people around me, i feel the loss of control that the disease theory mentions. But im wondering if i have the disease and how i would know, because ive never been physically addicted to alcohol, or drank continuously for a long period of time. BUT i first drank when i was 14, then i went abroad and i drank every night for nearly 3 months, had unprotected sex caught an sti which eventually left me infertile. Then when i was 21 i cheated on my long term partner after drinking, and he left me. Then i got arrested for drink driving when i crashed my car drunk, i drank and took about 12 ecstasy pills and collapsed and the person i was with lifted me up and smacked me to bring me round, he had to do it 3 times because i was out of it. I then had a panic attack and wasnt right for weeks. There has been numerous times that ive took cocaine after drinking, passing out or ending up in dangerous situations. Ive woke up on the floor several times and ended up in hospital a few times because ive been drunk and ive thought i had been spiked. All this, but ive never been dependent on alcohol in a physical way so how do i know if ive got the disease or not. Im confused...		
What Alcohold does to the Brain		Hello friends I suffer from social anxiety and low self-esteem and confidence from a very long time.I noticed that when i drink alcohol i become completely different person ,sometimes even "Extrovert" my self-esteem is going to the roof,my confidence grow my ability to interact with the other people increase dramatically and even on the next day after the drunk night the effect still stay .. i continue to feel confident around people and have much higher self-esteem.And when this day finish and when i woke up on the next day and ... BOOM the magic is gone, i am the old person.. quiet a little bit scary , no alpha male behavior no confidence.What the heck is going on ??? I heard something that alcohol change the brain chemistry and force the production of some neurotransmitters such as serotonin and dopamin, but how is possible to have a such a difference on me .. this was the reason that i was addicted so many years to the alcohol .. because i feel normal ,confident and social and this help me to pursuit my dreams. I realized that this habit will kill me and i start to ****** up my health and stopped but i am not the same person. What the Heck is this .. can these chemicals have such a big role on our personality and is it possible to achieve the same effect without alcohol and drugs i do not want to destroy myself. Many thanks in advance		
Am I dying I keep mixing alcohol with medication			This past week I mixed alcohol with medication twice. Part of me wants to die, and the other part of me wants help. I know I can live a happy life, I just need a little help doing it. My parents do not know I have been depressed for almost 10 years now because they dont believe in mental illnesses. I used to think that if I keep a positive mind, I could get through this but I always relapse into depression / suicidal feelings. I always used to have these feelings, but Ive never actually tried to take my life until I tried twice this week. No one knows what Im doing because I only do it when everyones asleep. I always end up feeling very high and disoriented the next day for at least 24 - 48 hours whenever I do this. Ill mix any medications with alcohol in order to get this feeling or possibly kill myself. Is this equivalent to taking drugs, do I need to go to rehab or possibly take depression meds? 21 year old female.	
Why Do I Feel Drunk without Drinking Alcohol	Moon Belle		Im 24 years old, and have been drinking pretty consistently since I was about 18 years old. Since the age of 21-22 I more often drank daily (2-5 drinks a night average). I remember during a period when 21 I went through a fifth of vodka in 2-3 days during a stressful 3 month period, and the feeling of drunkenness and fatigue carried over into the day. However, I am very worried as I am not drinking nearly that much quantity of vodka now, yet for the past two weeks or so I have been feeling as if drunk, even when I havent been drinking (so during the day), and its not just hangover. My coordination is inhibited, and I feel like my cognition (and ability to focus) is impaired somehow as well. Im very scared that its some kind of brain damage from long-term abuse. Should I get a brain scan and see whats wrong, or could it be something else? I guess Im so worried because of the fact that the brain is not developed until the age of 25 and Im terrified of permanent damage. Note: I dont think I have diabetes.	Additional Details I forgot to include my short-term memory feels markedly impaired as well.
Why are prisoners not allowed to drink alcohol				
Could I become an alcoholic		Basically Im 17 and so at the moment for obvious reasons I dont drink that much, I mean I cant buy it myself yet. But when I do, I love it, I get so buzzed, I love how it makes me feel. I get so happy, I never ever ever feel anything like that good while sober. I have social anxiety issues and they just go away completely when Im drunk. Its also not that Im that miserable normally, Im just not happy either. I just feel meh. I have had issues with my parents splitting up awfully, and my mum has had a kid with her bf who is a dick and I do occasionally still quietly break down over these things. I also hate how I look so much, I can barely walk down the street without thinking people are staring at me and thinking Im disgusting, I have times where I just wont go outside. I have hurt myself, and thought about doing much worse before, so yes my life is far from good, but I just feel its kinda not that bad really either, compared to what it could be. Anyway going back to the point, when Im drunk I feel so so happy, and I really love it because it feels so good. I know this is bad as obviously soon I will be able to have a lot more, and go out down the pub, and I know that I wont be able to stop myself and I dont want to become dependant on the stuff or do stuff to myself. But I feel so amazing when Im drunk and I dont know what to do?	Additional Details Oh and when I do drink, I dont just drink a little. I cant stop myself and a few times I have woken up having vomited everywhere, I know Im ok at the moment, I just worry for the future..	
What are the most common forms of alcohol that are abused			Or is it pretty much evenly spread out?	
I was addicted to alcohols, please help me!		I lost my family, my fiance, my dreams. Why cant I drink?? I have nothing to lose after all. You know,when one has drunk all that I drank, even if you takes all of your damn good will, your body ruins you. The body feels this perfume. Your body likes it too a lot. Alcohol is already inside of you, You have to put that into your head,when it calls you, it calls you, theres nothing to do, only you can decide whether to say yes or no. Do you know what helped me? When I attended "Alcoholics Anonymous". While I was there thinking that I needed it, thinking of being sick and I looked at the others who were worse off than me. People who had lost everything, dignity, freedom, but above all loves. I said to myself, Marco this mustnt happen, you cant let that happen. I recovered, but as you see, it didnt do anything, even my ex fiance doesnt believe in me. She hates me because I didnt tell her that I used to be addicted to alcohol. I just cannot forget what she said. I just want to drink in order to forget myself. Can you give me some advices??		
Poll: Do you think Alcohol and/or Nicotine are GATE WAY DRUGS 		Marijuana is all I hear as the main gate way drug but alcohol and nicotine are drugs and usually abused before marijuana.		
Is it possible to replace a drug and alcohol addiction with something positive without going to rehab			So Ive tried to end my life on a few occasions or get high for the heck of it even though what I used was damaging but I recently found God and he proved to me that miracles do exist. Recently, one of my friends was presumed dead for 10 days. This was one of the reasons why I got involved with stuff like this, I was sick of everyone dying around me and I wanted to join them. However, a surgeon examined her body and noticed that her heart was still beating and said she was only in a coma and she has a chance of surviving and reviving anytime soon with surgery. Hearing the news my friends and I got together and threw my drugs into the lake. Even before this I already kind of stopped doing them so it wasnt as hard. Ive decided to write a book about our experiences and Ive been playing a bit more video games, which has actually been relaxing me. Would I still need some type of counselling maybe?	
Would I classify as an alcoholic		I drink hard liquor (Bacardi) between 3-5x a day. Before class, after, and in the evening, more if Im hanging out with people. I take about 3 shots each time, so as you can imagine a bottle doesnt last very long for me. One time a friend bought me a 6 pack of Budweiser instead, but because the alcohol content is so low I finished it in about 12 hours. I stopped going to class. Stopped doing my work. Ive been willing to do anything for a bottle, which Im not proud of. But Im not physically addicted. I can stop but I love the feeling so much. I have anxiety and the alcohol calms me and helps me relax, Im suicidle when Im sober. Do I have a problem? Or could this just be a phase?		
What are your thoughts on alcoholics and do you think they choose to be an alcoholic			Or do you believe it is an illness	
Am I additcted to drinking (Not alcohol)		Today I realized I go everywhere, and I mean EVERYWHERE with something to drink. If Im just going for a drive in my car, I need to bring something to drink with me. If Im going to work, I need to bring something to drink with me. When I very rarely forget to bring something to drink with me, it feels like my day is pretty much ruined. I get thirsty very quick, so I always need to have something. Its not like Im a soda-addict. As long as its liquid, Im fine. Water, soda, tea, lemonade, anything goes. Its not like this is bothering me too much, but I see lots of people at work for example, not sitting with a cup or bottle of something next to them and I keep wondering how they "survive". So, am I actually addicted to drinking? Is that even possible?		
What would be my best option (Aunt with alcohol addiction).			Im 13, and from what my Mom says, weve been putting up with my Aunt for over 20 years (Before my grandmother died over 20-25 years ago). In my opinion, shes totally out of control, and my Mom says that there is nothing we can do about it if she dont wanna help herself. It was about a month ago, when my Aunt had come over. She didnt knock on the door, and came inside yelling for my Mom. She told me "hi" while looking down the stairs into my room. I noticed that she was wobbling from side to side, holding onto the wall. Her legs looked a lot like noodles. My Mom then asked her if she was drinking, and she responded with "yeah, so?" My Mom had told her multiple times that she was not allowed into my house while she was drinking. My Mom quickly and politely asked her to leave, but my Aunt refused multiple times. She was yelling at my Mom, cursing and swearing more than I have ever heard in my life. She then began to punch and kick, both my Mom and older sister. I was tempted to call the police, but I didnt want to see my Aunt be taken to jail. I called my Dad, as well as other family members, and They all came over immediately. We eventually got her outside, but she was still cursing and swearing. She kicked me twice while I was walking my little sister to the car. My other Aunt, whom currently has custody of my Aunts daughter, showed up, with my drunk aunts daughter with her. I hid my little cousin as well as my little sister in the car, and eventually we got my aunt to leave. Two days later, My mother received a phone call stating that my aunt had been domestically abused somehow, and was in the hospital for emergency immediate brain surgery. After surgery, she would be incarcerated and taken to jail immediately. As of october 7, she is now out of jail. She has staples on the side of her head, yet I have not seen her, because I just cant. I feel bad, and it breaks my heart that I cant do anything about it, but at the same time, I have no respect for her. Is there any other way I can help her? I dont want to see her, unless I have to, but what do I say to her. Should I just stay away from her?	
How can society help to reduce alcohol abuse		Help Needed	Additional Details I meant why society should play a role in alcohol abuse	
D.A.T.A drug and alcohol test answers, need help please.		1. Safety belts are designed to allow the areas of your body to absorb the forces of a crash. a. True b. False 2. Most drivers have a reaction time of ______. a. 1.5 seconds b. 3 minutes c. 5 seconds 3. Blood alcohol level describes the amount of _____ in a persons blood expressed as weight per volume. a. alcohol b. sweat c. water 4. Impaired drivers do not make dangerous maneuvers in traffic. a. True b. False 5. THC influences________ by action on the limbic system of the brain. a. urination b. emotions c. hunger 6. Each driving infraction causes ____ to be placed on your license. a. stars b. points c. tickets 7. Brakes are not important to the safety of a motor vehicle. a. True b. False 8. On long trips, you should take a break from driving every two hours. a. True b. False 9. Bicycles are classified as ____________. a. vehicles b. pedestrians c. animals 10. Per mile traveled, the number of deaths on motorcycles is about ____ times the number in cars. a. 16 b. 2 c. 6 11. Almost _____ 16 to 20 year olds were killed or injured in the year 2000. a. 20,000 b. 160,000 c. 1,000 12. Signaling well in advance can help reduce the risk of someone running into you from behind. a. True b. False 13. In the United States,___________ pedestrians died in the year 2000. a. 4,739 b. 2,000 c. 3 14. The driver should reduce speed when traveling on a narrow or winding roadway. a. True b. False 15. A common depressant is: a. Alcohol b. Cocaine c. Heroin 16. Always test you brakes ____ after driving through deep water. a. lightly b. firmly c. with great pressure 17. Constantly __________ the road ahead of you to look for possible driving situations. a. scan b. ignore c. procrastinate 18. To reduce the risk of someone running into the rear of your vehicle, you should_______. a. check your brake lights often to make sure they are clean and working properly b. ignore what is going on behind you c. both a and b are correct 19. A common type of injected drug is: a. heroine b. morphine c. both a and b are correct 20. A person with a drinking problem often_____________. a. becomes secretive b. has trouble sleeping c. both a and b are correct 21. Hallucinogenic drugs alter driving ability due to causing delayed reaction time of the driver. a. True b. False 22. _______ account for an abnormally large amount of pedestrian deaths. a. Elderly people b. Babies c. Teenagers 23. ______ traffic light indicates vehicles may proceed. a. Green b. Red c. Yellow 24. You can be found guilty of impaired driving if the state can prove_________. a. you were presumed impaired while driving based on alcohol level b. your ability to hear, see, walk, or talk is below normal standards determined by the state c. both a and b are correct 25. Alcohol is a commonly used stimulant. a. True b. False 26. It is not your responsibility as a driver to make sure that all children are properly restrained or secured with a safety belt in your vehicle. a. True b. False 27. The shift from social drinking to problem drinking has nothing to low with self-esteem. a. True a. False 28. It is ____ to drive beside a motorcycle that is in the same lane as you. a. permitted b. illegal c. legal 29. Safe following distance depends on road conditions. a. True b. False 30. Abusing alcohol and drugs is sometimes an attempt to numb an individuals real problems. a. True a. False 31. Always test your brakes after driving through deep water. a. True b. False 32. When the use of a drug goes beyond recreational or occasional, the use has turned to ___________. a. abuse b. dependence c. addiction 33. _________ is an example of good traffic courtesy. a. Blocking passing lanes b. Using your horn sparingly c. Tailgating 34. When passing a motorcycle _________. a. throw dirt or debris on the rider b. cut the rider off c. do not pass so close as to throw debris on the rider 35. Greater stopping distance is needed when driving in the rain. a. True b. False 36. Drivers who run red lights do not endanger other drivers. a. True b. False 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. thr Additional Details 37 got cut off 37. The amount of tar inhaled by marijuana smokers and the level of carbon monoxide is ________ than among tobacco smokers. a. three to five times greater b. three to five times lower c. no different 38. ___________ may be the most important factor in collisions. a. Speed b. Brakes c. Speakers 39. A common weapon used in traffic altercations is: a. firearm b. motor vehicle c. both a and b are correct 40. You must have $10,000 Bodily Injury Liability if you are in a collision and are at fault. a. True b. False 4 years ago		
Is it difficult to quit drinking alcohol				
What are the Dangers of drinking alcohol with analgesics		what can happen if someone accidentally takes analgesics with alcohol?		
If I am an alcoholic could I be sober but still have the alcoholic personality other then the drinking part			This would be having all mood personalities of an alcoholic but not the active drinking part.	
Planning To Leave Alcohol		IM Drinking Alcohol From Last 3 Years When I Was In High School But I Drink Lots Only Vocations..... I Enjoy Trip I Dont Smoke,,,, Planning To Leave all Types Of Alcohol Including BeeR Please Tell Me If Im Addicted or Not Should I Continue Drinking.............?????????? Or Should Stop		
Would you rather be an extreme alcoholic or heroin addict				
How much does an alcoholic drink on average each day			This being for an average alcoholic as I know it can vary.	
Why do people with alcoholism not have the ability to "just stop" their drinking				
What do u do if your boyfriend doesnt tell you that he was addicted to alcohol		my fiance dumbed me because I didnt tell her that I was addicted to alcohol, I tried to talk her into changing her mind. I told her that I will never be a drunk, because I was a drunker before I met her. I really dont know how to convince her. I kept lying because I was afraid of loosing her, but at the end she figures it out( I dont know who said it to her), and my nightmare came true. What do u do if your boyfriend doesnt tell you that he was addicted to alcohol?? Do you have some advices to get her back?? Ive written poetries, ive talked to her, she told me I make her sick. This sentence makes me depressed, and Im planning to drink again.		
Looking for a true story about drug addicted babies, mothers using drugs/alcohol during pregnancy		Something along those lines... Im writing a research paper on drugs/alcohol during pregnancy. Would like to find a story/primary source about it! Thanks		
Is the current thinking by some that Alcohol abuse is a disease wrong 			Additional Details are there any tests that proves that alcoholism is genetic bio chemical disease or is theory ?	
Is it unhealthy to not drink alcohol		I used to drink a lot, but after witnessing a drunk driver run over and kill a school girl and my uncle hang himself while drunk, I decided to stop drinking alcohol forever. I know alcohol abuse can be very bad for your health, but I heard a glass of wine in moderation can be good for your health. I never drink any kind of alcohol and I probably never will. I just want to know, is it in any way unhealthy to never drink alcohol?		
Does drinking alcohol once in a year stops height or drinking once a month stops height i am male of14 yrs old				
My ex is in alcohol rehab and he told me his counselor told him to block me from calling his cell				
Why alcohol is not prohibited and banned		Most of the crimes are done in the state of drunk. If anyone drinks alcohol he looses his mind, he cant identify what is right or wrong, what he is doing is right or wrong, is he doing crime. Then why should it be not banned. It is in the profit of whole humanity, the whole world would be a safe place without alcohol.		
Tobacco and Alcohol are legal for adults, but Marijuana isnt Why is that	 Imperius Rex 			
Cant drink alcohol to certain point		Ok so I just started drinking and I can drink to certain point, but once I get there then my mouth starts tingling as if I am about to throw up. and if I take just one more little drink I start to feel sick and it feels like it all starts rushing up. I have to wait to be able to take another drink without throwing up. Is this just a sign that I am just beginning to drink and will it wear off over time?		
Emotionally disturbed addict. Im a recovering alcohol, crack, heroin and valium addict.		I work a 12 program, but have been experiencing severe depression and anxiety. Severe cravings for crack. Have baclofen in store from psychiatrist. I chose to come off them due to side effects. Have taken them otherwise I would of scored drugs, crack mostly. This would of messed my life up. Should I as an addict feel guilty for doing this?		
Is my friend becoming a drug and alcohol addicted		So about two years ago she got sent to rehab because of probation for smoking weed and drinking. Every weekend she pretty much gets super wasted and even on school nights at times. But lately she has been going overboard, she has been drinking everyday for 5 days straight, on saturday she took a line of molly and yesterday many people told me she had taken about 15 lines, today she had an extremely bad comedown off of the molly and she was drinking too which made it worse and she got into a huge fight with her friends, bursted out crying in front of everybody and went to go smoke weed with her friend and apparently took some pill , he told me that she asked him to steal his fathers oxycodone and give it to her but he refused. All she does is talk about molly lately and she feens for it . Im very concerned what should I do? Btw today she was goung through peoples gym lockers trying to find money to get molly for friday		
Why is marijuana illegal while tobacco and alcohol are legal		Tobacco and nicotine: plant/found in plants<SEMCOL> stimulant drug<SEMCOL> extremely high amounts can be fatal<SEMCOL> carcinogen<SEMCOL> mood altering drug<SEMCOL> dependence quickly developed Alcohol: manmade<SEMCOL> dependence easily developed<SEMCOL> psychoactive drug<SEMCOL> state of mind altering drug<SEMCOL> high amounts can be fatal (alcohol poinsoning" Marijuana (THC): psychoactive drug<SEMCOL> plant/made from plants<SEMCOL> not fatal<SEMCOL> mood altering<SEMCOL> state of mind altering<SEMCOL> non carcinogen<SEMCOL> no dependence Why does the government legalize and control alcohol and tobacco but not marijuana? Not only is it used despite the law, it would be a large source of revenue for the states. PLEASE NO PERSOL OPINIONS, such as "marijuana is bad and illegal thats why" or "weed is awesome everyone should smoke it every day."		
Need Advice Urgently about alcohol and diazepam		I am flying tomorrow morning off on holiday, and know I have dinner and drinks (probably a lot of drinks) planned with friends tomorrow night. I am an extremely nervous flyer and the doctor prescribed 2mg tabs of diazepam. Now I am disappointed as I dont think I can take them, as the label mentions do not drink alcohol. I would take the tablet at about 8am tomorrow morning and would not drink until around 8pm tomorrow night. I dont know what to do for the best and its too late to ask the doctor now.		
Is it safe to drink coffee after drinking alcohol Not mixed together & not excessive.		For instance, 1 or 2 alcoholic drinks & then later, lets say 30-60 minutes drinking a cup of coffee? Or how long should you wait to drink coffee after drinking alcohol? I know mixed drinks like liquor & Red Bull is dangerous so I want to make sure.		
The internet is like alcohol. Agree/disagree		You know -- the way it affects peoples (even childrens) behavior, addicts them, and all that. Your thoughts? .		
What are some of the health risks of alcoholism other then mental health affects				
Is it true that alcohol is the most abused drug in the USA		I saw this on a program on alcoholism but I wondered if this is accurate or not. I never knew alcoholism was considered a drug.		
How does alcoholism affect the family unit				
What does non dependent al alcohol abuse mean				
What treatment options are available to kids with fetal alcohol syndrome and/or who are violent due to abuse		Im thinking about all the Russian orphans abused in state care who were adopted by American foster parents who got more than they bargained for with these kids. Some tried to send them back to Russia, apparently. Others live on a ranch in Montana about to be shut down. Some abused siblings, tried to poison foster parents. How to turn such scary kids into functioning adults? Possible?	Additional Details Pls describe effective therapy. Links, experts all gratefully recd.	
What are some common alcohol addiction myths		Can you tell me some common alcohol addictions myths and why you think they occur?		
Is it usually a myth that people dont know the alcoholic is an alcoholic			This being when it is "We need to keep Dads drinking a secret" and we think no one notices.	
Symtons off alcohol abuse		what side affecs can i expect when in stop drinking		
While on probation for DUI charges, are you required to complete alcohol treatment and individual therapy		Will you be mandated to complete both a substance abuse treatment program as well as individual counseling? Thanks!		
Am I a troubled alcoholic		Im an 18 year old, and while I dont think the amount I drink is at alcoholic levels, I had a crazy alcoholic father who I DO NOT want to turn out like. I usually drink one beer (Cant stand wine or hard liquor) or a Mikes "Hard" Lemonade once every three weeks, usually accompanied by a huge meal or when Im in my room doing homework. I genuinely like the refreshing taste of a beer. Ive heard people say thats BS, but I really do like it. One person once asked if I would drink beer if it was just the taste and nothing else, or a milkshake. I chose the milkshake, but only because theyre ******* delicious :D In fact, Id probably drink more beer if it didnt have affects on health and such. Also, Ive only been drunk once, when I was 16. I knew the negative affects, but I was with friends.. and one beer turned into two, to four and shots... and other things... But the next day I missed school and two important tests and said "No mas!" (Least, no more getting drunk) And I dont just sit around all day. I did track & field in 8th, 10th and 11th, and I ride my bike at least 8 miles a day. I have declined beer before, but sometimes Im really thirsty and there will be a cold PBR sitting in the fridge, and I use the rationale that the last time I had one was weeks ago anyways :/ And I dont drink soda because that stuff is just about as bad for you as alcohol. So anyways, I think I can control it, but thats what alcoholics say. Do you think Im in control? If you think it is bad, how can I fix it?		
Does drinking alcohol affect my athletic performance		I am a Division I baseball player with chances of playing in the big leagues. I lift weights Monday, Wednesday and Friday and do baseball related activities Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Sunday is my day off. I am wondering if drinking alcohol on a Saturday night will affect my performance. I have read controversial things about it affecting muscle memory (the technique of my swing). Can anyone tell me if drinking on a SATURDAY mess anything up? I am not addicted or anything of that matter. I think parties are more enjoyable with some alcohol in my system. If it is going to mess any baseball technique up, I am willing to not do it. Let me know, thanks!		
Do you feel we should legalize marijuana and ban alcohol			Prohibition Community Survey 1. What is prohibition? 2. When was prohibition in effect? 3. Do you feel we should ban the sale of alcohol? 4. Do you feel we should ban the sale of cigarettes? 5. Do you feel we should legalize marijuana? I need 7 more people to take this survey I am supposed to ask 20 people for school but now I need 7 more. if you would like to help that would be so great. thanks in advance.	
Homosexuality is just like cigarettes and alcohol		like some people can try cigarettes and alcohol, and then walk away from them .. its not their thing , but some stay with it who cant break their addiction, and need help if they choose so its the same with the gay addiction, its hard to quit it, but with help you can and if your going to leave a comment bashing me, dont bother. And, shut up with the "they were born with it" "its not a choice" its not true, and those that say that are just in denial	Additional Details To "Red dragon" heterosexuality is like those non smokers and non alcoholics, the healthy way of living. nice try though Can you guys actually think about it and use your brains, and not just say whats on your mind the second you see what i wrote. I know its hard, but try How many diseases do homos have in comparison to heteros? A lot more, there is proof for that, look it up. It isnt affecting me, just wanted to debate my opinion Good point Archanthus	
My mum has been an Alcoholic for 25 years. PLEASE help me!		I have been living with my grandmother since I was 3 because my grandma didnt think I was safe with my mum looking after me and Im now currently 16. Im desperate for help, especially since Im currently doing my Alevels which Im heavily behind when Im predicted like AAA so I need to work hard... My mother used to be a drug addict but has stopped in recent years but she is still an alcoholic. She is a REALLY BAD alcoholic, she will drink and drink and drink. The other day I found out she woke up in a park! When she drinks I worry for her safety because she turns really nasty when shes drunk and I mean really nasty. She often gets into fights with the wrong people whod ont know her and has often been beaten up or close to being seriously life-threatening hurt (others have prevented this by stopping the fights). Ive been ignoring her problems because Ive started to resent her a great deal for being so selfish and all the bad things shes done to me and my family but the main reason I need her to stop is because I dont want her to die - that would kill my grandma. My grandma already lost a daughter and it seriously affected her and she keeps on saying if anything happens to my mum (like if she dies) she wont be able to cope and shell move to another country, she keeps saying shell probably lose her mind (my grandma has had an extremely tough life and I dont think shell be able to cope anymore with all her loses and stress). This is why I NEED my mum to stop drinking but I dont know how? How can I get my mum to be able to stop drinking? Do you think rehab will work (shes been before but this time i guess i can actually help with encouragement and that and it was free?), is there anywhere or anyone who I can talk to to help me stop her drinking? Can the NHS or doctors help? Can you please just tell me as much info as you know please bc Im really worried! My mum is 45 years old If I go to the doctors could they help up us? If i go with my mum could they advise or give us treatment like rehab for free? And she previously went to rehab on court order but didnt actually want to give up and didnt try but now she says shes willing to, how can I get her into a rehab now then please because as it was court ordered it was free and they soughted everything out, I dont know how to? Thanks for all of your help!!!		
Do you find its easier to write papers/essays after 1 or 2 drinks (alcohol of course)		It seems to help the ideas flow...		
Will alcohol always harm a baby if youre pregnant		I had sex about 5 months ago. I took Plan B the very next morning. For about 2 years, Ive been abusing alcohol. I drink pretty much everyday. Ive been gaining a lot of weight and am worried that I may have gotten pregnant, despite the Plan B. Im taking a text next week at the doctors. I know I need to get my drinking under control. But I was just wondering. If i am a daily drinker, is there any way a pregnancy could even get passed the first few weeks?		
Why is alcohol the most abused drug				
Muslims, why does your faith forbid you from drinking alcohol				
Are adult children of an alcoholic more likely to become alcoholics then the general public				
I told my teacher about my alcoholic father		Okay this is going to be long. Yesterday my school had someone come give an assembly about drug and alcohol abuse. He was a former addict. Today one of my teachers was talking about it in class and she said she couldnt understand how his wife stayed with him. My dad is a recovered alcoholic, and my mom stayed with him all that time, and so naturally I was defensive. After class, I explained the situation to her in an attempt to explain why women stay with men like that. She started asking questions and I ended up crying and talking about a lot of things Ive been through, like my eating disorder and abuse. she took me to the guidance counselor. Then, she told another one of my teachers (which I dont care about because i trust the teacher), and the other teacher came in and hugged me and then hugged me again later and said she has alcoholism in her family too. Im so embarrassed. I didnt mean to confess everything. Did I do the right thing? Im so embarrassed. Thank you.		
How long after quitting oxycodone is it safe to drink alcohol		Ive been taking oxycodone for around 13 months since having surgery to remove a tumor that had destroyed part of my pelvis and to reconstruct my pelvis using my fibula. How long should I wait to have my celebratory drink? Also I now take around 20 mg a day. Is it safe to drink now or is it way too risky?		
Some websites say alcohol can be detected.		Reading some web sites about alcohol testing they say that blood can be tested to detirmine how hong it was since someone had a drink ieven going back months can they determine this by looking at damage to the liver .		
I really want alcohol.. :(		Im 17 and I posted a question on here a few days back about how I was caught stealing some of my mums alcohol. Anyway since then and after she went crazy I havent and dont plan do ever do it again even though I used to quite a bit. I didnt used to take some because I feel that bad, I just dont feel that happy either. And alcohol makes me feel much happier than any other time. I do have social anxiety issues, Im seeing a therapist about it, I have severe body image issues to the point of crying and trying to smash my head against the mirror but nobody knows about this. I have had real bad family issues over the last few years that have had a bad effect on me. But its not when this hurts that I want to drink really, its just even when Im feeling ok I wouldnt say Im happy, and that buzz feeling, it makes me feel happy. Anyway as Im 17 I clearly cant buy any at the moment so I very rarely have any and I really want some, and I know that as soon as I am old enough I will drink more and more, because it feels so good. I know its dangerous but I love the feeling so much. But Im scared because I know what it does to you, but I dont think Ill be able to stop myself. I dont know what to do, I dont want to become addicted to the stuff but I want to feel happy. Help me? :(		
Are there any recovering alcoholics out there who can help me			Step2. Came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity. What is your own understaning of God, from childhood and family beliefs to your own ideas. Include your struggles, beliefs and prejudices. Any comments would be appreciated.	
Is it harmful to have one shot of alcohol four to five times a week		Im sixteen, by the way. I dont usually get drunk, I definitely dont drive after drinking, and I wont do anything stupid. It is usually just when i am alone in my room, aound one or two am, having just finished my homework, and the depressant helps me get to sleep faster, since my brain is just too stimulated. I dont think ill get addicted, because i take off weeks where i dont drink and i dont actually miss the alcohol. However, most of my research has just turned up results about excessive drinking and/or addiction. Im just concerned about the health effects of having a shot of say, 46% gin around four to five times a week.		
Why does alcohol sometimes make me really sick, and other times it doesnt		Sometimes when i drink i get a really good drunk, and enjoy it. Then when it wears off i feel perfectly fine. Other times when i drink the same amount i get really dizzy and sick, and am hungover for days...why?		
Cymbalta, Alcohol, and my liver		Before reading know that I am checking into rehab tomorrow. I just need to know what shape my liver is most likely in. I am Scared Ive been taking 60mg of cymbalta for about 4 months. Over the course of the past 2 months ive been drinking about 2 days a week anywhere from 4 drinks to 8 drinks. kind of binge drinking Over the past month i have been shooting up 1/4th gram of heroin 2 days a week. I drank 5 beers last night and 4 beers tonight Im nervous to know what shape my livers in. Im 17 years old 150 pounds 6 foot.. i dont show any physical signs of liver damage		
Homework help! Alcohol and drugs		These are true and false problems on my wksh. I forgot my book at school. :( 1 abuse of alcohol can lead to addiction 2 use of alcohol and other Drugs become the most important thing in a persons life once they are addicted 3 alcoholism is not a disease 4 after an addict has successfully stopped using he or she can never use alcohol or other drugs again 5 anyone who drinks is likely to have an alcohol problem. 6 The brain and liver suffer the most damage when the person drinks heavily for many years. 7 there are signs to warn a person that he his or her using may be leading to addiction 8 when a person uses alcohol or other drugs for a long period time tolerance developed causing the person I need more of the substance to feel high 9 unpleasant physical and emotional symptoms occur when addict tries to stop using the substance in which they are addicted too. 10 drinking or using drugs when alone is a warning sign that may indicate addiction		
Recovering/Recovered Alcoholics- Help With Medical Concerns Please		I am a binge drinking alcoholic. I say am because I finally recognise it as a problem I cant just run away from anymore and that needs stopping soon. Today is only my 2nd day of complete self-imposed sobriety. I have made this choice because I am sick of hiding my alcohol abuse from my family and others, and I really dont want to go down that road any further- emotionally, physically or mentally. So I have decided I cannot trust myself around alcohol ever again, and that I have to face this head on with complete abstinence. MY DRINKING PATTERN: I have had an on/off problem with binge drinking since about my late teens/early twenties. I have a history of intermittent binge drinking. To begin with I used to drink until vomiting and/or passing out (usually hard liquor- vodka if I could get my hands on it, otherwise whatever was on offer at parties, pub outings or private social bingeing). In the last few years, I started a habit of getting seriously wasted on hard liquor. One time I was pulled over by some cops at a local waterfront after drinking a bottle (or more) of red wine and weaving in an out of traffic (perhaps my lowest point in October last year). I guess I have been in several life-threatening situations from either dangerous situations or straight out poisoning. The drinking has continued up until now. For the last few months past, I have been having about a week or even two out of every month where I have spent a few days a week being stewed as a functioning alcoholic on bottles of hard liquor- mostly Stoli or Russian Standard vodka, topped up with other drinks around the house (beer, red wine). MY CONCERNS: I would appreciate some information about what to expect from my GP when I tell him I have been a problem drinker. Obviously I will be honest and tell him my patterns, history, amount of alcohol consumed, and any symptoms. However I have no idea what to expect the GP to do- which tests will he run and how will he approach this issue? I want to know the answer to these questions in light of some recent vague symptoms of discomfort I have felt after abstaining from yesterday. MY RECENT SYMPTOMS: My last drink 2 days ago was at night (about a third of a bottle of Russian Standard, probably more like half in terms of alcohol value once I add up what I drank over the afternoon/evening- a little more of the Russian Standard, a swig of whiskey and about 2 standard drinks of red wine). I then spent the first half of yesterday (after a couple of hours of sleep at best) with some nausea, a slight pressure-like headache and some dizziness/a feeling of being unable to control my fine motor hand movements. This has gotten better since yesterday, and the dizziness has pretty much gone. I am concerned though because I have also had a persistent feeling of discomfort, a vague burning or burned feeling from my throat to the pit of my stomach. Is this something that will likely go away naturally as a result of staying away from the alcohol, and the body adjusts and heals? I also have been having some vague (very slight) pain discomfort in the middle right side abdomen, lower right abdomen and lower right and left back. Im worried that these could be signs of some kind of damage to my liver and kidneys, hopefully only fatty liver and inflammation that my kidneys will recover from with time. QUESTIONS: - What tests can I expect to be done as routine for my GP? - What will he do first? FIL STATEMENT: I want with all my heart to recover from this destructive habit and stay off it completely in the future. I feel like complete sobriety is my only sensible choice, option, and the best thing to do health-wise. I want to take my power and my future back. Please only serious answers to my medical concerns. Thank you in advance to everyone who replies.	Additional Details Notes: I am a 30 year old male. For many of the years between my twenties and where I am now, the instances of bingeing were mostly confined to social occasions (i.e., occurred occasionally). My active habit of several days a week/fortnight drunk on hard liquor extends maybe a couple of years back- as well as I can remember. Thank you for the advice Also slightly overweight, but not morbidly obese. I am generally a big walker but dont do much exercise apart from that<SEMCOL> my diet is also your average persons and includes vegetable and protein-based soups (alongside a fair bit of bread and butter- havent been able to kick that habit, lol!).	
Is it nice to be an alcoholic		Hey I just stopt smoking weed. But live seems so dull with out an abuse. So i wonder if alcohol is a nice addiction. Its seems pretty good. Its cheap and leagel. Thx in advance.		
Counter argument for alcohol abuse.		Im writing a research paper on how alcohol abuse changes people for the worst. I somehow need and counter argument against that. HELP		
Are Jewish people allowed to drink alcohol				
Why do i get pain when i drink alcohol		I Get slight pain and breathing difficulty when i have drinks with aniseed/ liquirish flavouring or high percentage drinks. This sometimes happens when i dont even have drinks that are remotely like this it but if i do then i know at some point during the night i will have problems breathing.		
Why does alcohol do this 			I have been smoking weed continiously for 2 weeks , now i ran out of it. Tonight I drank a lot of vodka. Now i have a craving for benzos. I havent had this cravings when I smoked weed. Does alcohol make you crave benzos?	
Drinking every night, is this alcohol abuse		Most nights, after I get home from work, I like to drink. I never binge drink or drink to a point where Im hungover the next day, vomiting and all that. I try to be pretty conservative about it, but I do end up drinking 4-5 drinks on an average night. Not every night, and I can stop if I need to. And when drinking, I drink at a pace where I probably average less than one drink per hour from when I start to when I finish drinking. Its just something that relaxes me, I simply feel better and much more collected socially. Im never waking up hungover. It does not interfere with my job by any means, and it helps me a great deal socially. I wake up early to go to the gym almost every morning, I consider myself to be a healthy person who is, with the exception of consistently intaking alcohol, is pretty damn obsessive about fitness and nutrition, But I do realize 4-5 drinks a night is considered excessive by many peoples standards, and I dont want to abuse anything.		
Good movies about alcohol and drug addiction and also sex addiction		i have to write in the mind of an addict for a story and inspiration would really help		
Does it shock anyone else that weed is illegal and alcohol is legal		I mean before I ever smoked or drank it never really caught my attention, but Ive tried both and alcohol seems like an awful thing to me. Weed gives me such an uplifted feeling and I feel like alcohol just numbs me and all my emotions. It is what it is I guess though	Additional Details I mean call me what you want i know im a drug abuser but it hasnt affected my life badly in fact its given me some peace of mind and thankfully a little happiness that im not very accustomed to	
Is there any way I can help my alcoholic friend		we have only been 21 for less than a year and he already drinks hard alcohol ALONE often and heavily till he passes out. He used to be ambitious in high school and for a year or two but now he is settling for a girl that he expects to stick around and a crappy job. He denies anyone and anything that reminds him of his problem and avoids any discomfort including most social situations. Just sucks seeing a close buddy do this to himself and being satisfied with it...are we just going to have to wait for a wake up call? (getting fired/dumped etc) Which Im afraid would send him even further off the deep end. its just really awkward bringing it up but I really do care about this guy so Im not sure how to approach it, I havent really said anything at all yet (I almost reinforce it while were hanging out sometimes just to make him feel comfortable which I am sick of doing) and he is mostly in denial which makes it harder to approach...anyways I would appreciate any advice or experience, thanks.		
My uncle is an alcoholic, what diseases may he get from alcoholism		My Dad, his brother-in-law, mentioned today he wont live as long by being an alcoholic.		
How to differentiate heavy drinker from alcoholic			I usually drink 2 times a week. Most of my friends also drinks. We usually drink after class and when we dont have class the next day. For me drinking is my/our past time.	
Why do people drink alcohol 			Why the hell people drink alcoholic beverages ? Even though they know that, its killing them slowly! What is the use ? And how a teen age boy gets addicted to alcohol ? Why should he try alcohol for first time in his life ?	
Alcohol Free/Dry Wedding! Help!		My fiance is a recovering alcoholic and i do not drink anymore as well. We are not having alcohol at our wedding because we want to feel comfortable (he is still uncomfortable around alcohol and people who are drinking). My family are all BIG drinkers and i know are going to be upset that there is no alcohol, but this day is about us and not them. My thoughts on how to avoid an issue is to have a wedding earlier in the day. I was thinking a coffee, hot coco and hot cider "cocktail" hour since we are getting married in october. Also to keep every one entertained i was thinking of offering boardgames already set up at tables (and ones you can swap out on another table). My family and friends love board games and are very competitive so this will hopefully liven things up. Any other suggestions for things i can do to make things exciting and not boring? What should i do if guests bring in alcohol? (This would upset my fianc) Thanks for the help! Any suggestions would be wonderful!	Additional Details @cammie he is not living in a cave and is working on things. He is not even a year sober so he is still uncomfortable in those situations. That being said there will be no alcohol at our wedding. Even though the reception is for our guests he needs to feel comfortable at our wedding. I was just wondering about things we could do to make our wedding not boring i didnt ask for reasons why we should have alcohol at our wedding nor did i ask for any judgements on my fianc	
Are alcoholics actually very thirsty or do they drink without being thirsty				
What does the bible teach about alcohol use				
What shall I do My Mum is an alcoholic		My Mum is addicted to alcohol. I cant stand her when shes drunk and she told me she quit which made me so happy buy now she just got out of hospital as she had cancer and the day she got out she started drinking again Im worried for her health shes gunna damage herself. I dont know how to react to it but recently I have strted pulling my hair out when she has been drinking. I have talked to her about it but she never listens. I feel like she hates me, she has been so horrible to me whilst drunk and has even hit me. I love my mum with all my heart but when shes drunk I feel so deppressed		
Gastric bypass and alcoholism and hair loss taking minocycline		Hello I had gastric bypass about six years ago and lost about 110 pound. Years later I enjoyed the drink too much. Mostly red wine. I started to notice a decline in my hair fullness. I drank everyday at night and all day when off from work. My hair was always thin and fine. I recently have noticed a strong increase in my hair loss when I upped my dose of minocycline for cystic acne...an always struggle. I have also gained back about 50 pounds... Which can be normal, but I know my life style is causing this gain. I always chalked my hair loss up to my own alcohol abuse. I had blood work done and visited my bariatric surgeon. I was told my vitamin levels were normal also protein however iron was extremely high....from my reading iron can be increased or decreased from alcohol and I did not take the time to quit alcohol before my test....I guess I was trying to scare myself into reality. Well my hair has done that. Anyhow, I was before the testing, and like crazy taking proper supplements and adding silly things like coconut oil and saw palmetto. I also occasionally add extra zinc and folic acid. I am worried to over do it as I was unknowingly overdoing iron supplements. Also adding more b12 and trying.. Despite the taste b complex vitamin. I read every day about alcoholism and hair loss and find what I already know and I have been quitting cold turkey so to say when Im with my lonesome.... Which in reality is the problem. I decided tonight to investigate the antibiotic minocycline that I have be lackadaisically taking. It causes hair loss that is likely permanent. I have refilled my prescription and took it everyday and since I have had unreal to the max hair loss and I think it may be why. Let me say.... I have been experiencing bald areas lots of thick parting all over my head. I feel no one talks about this on the internet or maybe I havent found you or perhaps Im the only woman experiencing this. Let me at this point say.... TOPPIK... Is a hair building fiber product that has saved my sanity until now. It is a fantastic and wonderful product! It allowed me to wear my hair down normally for a time after a couple years of odd some hair up some hair down styles. However, with toppik still always at my side,.. Even some in my purse.. My hair is soooo thin and I wonder if its not even alcohol any more and perhaps its this horrid devil acne medication...minocycline. I say all of this with a heavy heart and I hope to reach out to those whom may have similar experience or advice, knowledge, or just want some support. By the way I dont know if I mentioned I am only a mere 27 years old.		
Lets no poison our physical bodies with alcohol. Lets become alcohols arch enemy		How much misery and death could be avoided?		
Why is alcohol accepted in the military		Not putting down anybody who drinks but isnt it dangerous to be around heavy machinery and weapons while drunk? Id assume a 21 year old is allowed to drink on base but what if thats an officer or NCO and the base gets attacked? Im guessing the military has gone over these unfourtunate scenarios because they dont allow any other substan es that can impair your judgment. I know alcohol is llegal but why would they allow it in the military?	Additional Details GORDON, you obviously didnt read my question correctly because you think Im asking "if alcohol is allowed" which I know it is. My question is asking "WHY is alcohol accepted". Its quite ignorant saying that this is a stupid question when its an almost over looked subject that many servicemembers have lost their careers and even lives do to alcohol on the job. Have respect.	
How to get rid of alcohol globally and forever		This is purely theoretical question I sometimes think of. If you hate me for my thoughts, or think this is bullshit, okay then, but please write what is wrong in your opinion constructively :) I never drank any kind of alcohol and I dont intend to begin before my death actually, because I disagree with the idea of alcohol at all. I mean, come on, do we really need to intoxicate ourselves to be able to have fun? Do people really need to drink this, often only with the result of waking up with no memory somewhere Idontknowwhere? Imagine actual sources, money and manpower in whole liquor industry invested somewhere else, and imagine all those deaths, car crashes, crimes and suicides, aggresivity, shattered families and wrecked addicted people would not exist in future anymore... So what could be the way to achieve this? To educate people? That may fail, because uneducated people tend to drink more and alcohol is deeply written into cultures of many nations... To destroy the liqour industry? They may still build themselves up from scratch, because of tons of money they are making... To press governments to create astronomically high taxes for alcohol or to make alcohol illegal? There is not enough crazy people like me to do this and people would soon build own distilleries... Anything I could think of brings only partial or temporary effects... So do you guys have any ideas? :) Or, a secondary question, do you guys believe that mankind would sometimes in future "evolve out" of alcohol and drugs at all? That we would naturally refuse things like alcohol because it would be seen as low, worthless, temporary liquid?		
17 weeks pregnant and alcohol		So I know what ive done is very stupid and regret every bit of it but two nights ago I got fall over drunk I had two bottles of champagne and about 5 wkds and 3 midori and lemonades. I dont know what got into me as im never this irresponsible im just so scared that ive harmed my baby :( its the only and last time ill be drinking during this pregnancy and am usually very healthy and dont smoke.will my baby be ok? Ill never forgive myself if anything were to be wrong due to my stupidity.		
Since alcohol has killed more people, why not ban it an legalize cannabis 		opponents to cannabis legalization always make the argument that legalizing another drug would only add to the current drug abuse problem. since THC is less addictive, and less dangerous than alcohol, why not switch the legality of the two? http://buckleupbitch.com/health/alcohol-?		
World cities with least consumption of alcohol/public displays of drunkness		Since I am sick and tired of living in cities where people abuse disgusting amounts of alcohol especially on week ends I am looking for a world city where it is perfectly safe to go out on a Saturday night without bumping into those drunken scums of the earth. It will have to be a city with cold climate though as I absolutely hate hot weather Please feel free to give some suggestions	Additional Details Please ignore Jacks rant. He is probably one of those people I was referring to in my original question People can get as drunk as they wish to in the privacy of their home, they have absolutely no right to do that in public, hence the fact that drunken and disorderly is a criminal offense.	
I drank rubbing alcohol		im 15, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), this is only the second time ive even taken a sip of alcohol i just wanted to have fun with my friends becuase there crazy and do drugs and smoke and i always feel so left out, i now understand my mistake and will never do it again. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 and a half months now, and its made me have serious health anxiety. I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney etc and they all came back fine, i had a urinalysis and it came back fine, my symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? i worry every day its getting terrible, i didnt really have any symptoms when i drank it except for a slight stomache at night and my eyes were light sensitive (i got my eyes tested and there fine aswell.) Im sorry to have to post this, but anxiety is controlling my life. Right now i have a fever, and sore throat but i dont think its linkes but some how my mind is telling me it is.		
I cant sleep without alcohol and sleeping pills		after months of alcohol and sleeping pills now I cant sleep without them. I tried to quit cold turkey last night but I had to go get a bottle of vodka at 12am so I could get to sleep. Without alcohol and sleeping pills I am wide awake until 7am. It is sad that I go home to see my family, I stay at my grandparents house and everyone is going to bed like normal people. only I need to go down to the basement and drink a pint of vodka and take 3 to 4 sleeping pills before I can sleep. Any suggestions on cutting back. like maybe write out a 2 week plan to drink a little less vodka and take one less sleep pill until I am off them. What started all this is I have a bad habit of staying up all night just watching TV. I really try hard to have an evening routine of turning off the TV taking a long bath and reading before bed. but this is just not me. my natural personality is to stay up all night and sleep until noon. this may be my personality but I dont like it and I want to be someone who gets into bed around 10pm and up at 6 or 7am. so two things- how to get off sleeping pills and alcohol- and how to change who I am for the better. thanks- and of course 10 points for the best answer!!!		
Can you drink alcohol sometimes without becoming addicted			Ive been taking few sips of sweetened rum for the past two days. I drink it because it tastes good, not because I want to get drunk and "forget the pain" or stuff. I am afraid I could become addicted. I think I have a strong willpower,but still I am concerned that I could slip :/ My father is alcoholic, so any kind of alcohol automatically associates with filthy drunks to me. Can you drink sometimes without becoming addicted? Like having a glass of wine every day ,just actually enjoying the drink	Additional Details thank you Wind_updoll :) I dont think theres an "alcoholic gene" ,just that all my childhood Ive seen my father drinking and getting so drunk hed beat the **** out of everybody and emberass himself , that I just see alcohol as something that controls you.
How does one become an alcoholic		Not in the sense of alcoholism being the goal, but how does it happen? I would love to hear the perspective of someone who is currently addicted, recovering, or knows someone who is going/went through it. But this is open to anyone who feels like they could give me a good answer. Im in college, 22, and this period in my life I have been drinking more than ever. Its not daily, but its still a lot when it happens and its usually with friends. How does someone become an alcoholic? How did your body change when going through lots of drinking? I dont fear I will become one but lately I am scared because my tolerance has gotten high and after having many beers at a quick pace with little food I downed the beers without pausing or getting the "bitter taste" out of my head. I know Im just young but I really am curious about this. At this point I dont feel the urge to drink and I never have, but when I drink, I can never just have two or three, the outcome is always being drunk		
I drank rubbing alcohol!!		im 15, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), this is only the second time ive even taken a sip of alcohol i just wanted to have fun ith my friends becuase there crazy and do drugs and smoke and i always feel so left out, i now understand my mistake and will never do it again. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 and a half months now, and its been me have serious health anxiety. I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney etc and they all came back fine, i had a urinalysis because i have bubbles which dont go away in my urine and it came back fine, my symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? i worry every day its getting terrible, i didnt really have any symptoms when i drank it except for a slight stomache at night and my eyes were light sensitive (i got my eyes tested and there fine aswell.) Im sorry to have to post this, but anxiety is controlling my life. My skin has been getting bad, im serious, dry flaky irritates spotty and i just look ill, i think something is wrong even if it wasnt because of what happened.		
What are the best alcohol rehab centers		I want to stop drinking. ive lost most of my family due to my alcoholic ways...ready for a change.		
Alcohol is a: Stimulant that affects judgement Drug that affects judgement Hallucinogen that affects judgem				
Alcohol Abuse. I need positive advice and shared experiences.		Hey everyone. Please no negative words. My boyfriend of 6 years on and off will go through spurts on drinking alcohol everyday. Sometimes they last for a few weeks. Recently its been the past few months. He constantly has alcohol everyday. Ex: he can drink a six pack of beer and have two heavy vodka bloody Marys. His attitude changes and it is effecting our family with us and our four year old daughter. He claims he doesnt have a problem and refuses to even do any kind of counseling for it. His brother died tragically 7 years ago when he was young, he still hasnt felt with his death. I just dont know what to do anymore. I love him so much but I dont know how much I can handle this anymore. I want to be here for him and he knows I am but he gets really mean and cocky when he drinks and it hurts me emotionally. Any positive advice is appreciated. Thank you.		
Health class project on drug abuse/alcoholism/suicidal thoughts		So I started this project today (assigned Monday) and its due on Friday. My title is: Can Alcoholism and/or Drug Abuse lead to suicidal thoughts?. Im using Google Docs presentation and Im suppose to have 7 slides. So far, I have 3 slides, and theyre pretty much the title , what is drug abuse/ alcoholism. I need help! What else am I suppose to do? Ive literally been at my laptop just staring at the screen for an hour. My brain is not cooperating with me >.< Please please help! Like, maybe some suggestions on what my other slide(s) should be about? I need some ideas thrown at me. Thats how I start thinking. Thanks so much.		
Am I a hypocrite if I taste alcohol		So lets say Ive always had a negative opinion about alcohol. I have family that are alcoholics. I know people who are moderate drinkers and got drunk one time and got into accidents. Basically I abhor alcohol. But I recently turned 21 and over Christmas I wondered what wine tasted like so I took one sip. And when I was out getting sushi with friends I always wanted to know what saki tasted like so I took one sip. Basically, I read a lot and when they describe a drink I want to at least know what it taste like. But I dont want to be a hypocrite either. If I only sip a drink just to say what it tastes like and have a negative opinion of alcohol, does that makes me a hypocrite?	Additional Details sake* to see*	
What effects does drinking a fifth of 80 proof alcohol have on the body every night		Doc says my liver is functioning a little high but damage is reversable (114 was the score when I got my bloodwork done a while back for my liver) kidneys are normal. I quit a couple days ago with the help of some prescription antibuse. How were my insides being effected during this time? And what are my insides going to look like as they heal? Im already talking and thinking a lot clearer and going to the gym. I was drinking at least 4-5 days a week for the past 10 months, + or - a fifth each time. (i gained 50 lbs, started at 180 now 230) Im 21, male.	Additional Details Ya Ive gone through some moderate withdrawals during my benders, nothing more severe than shaking hands and severe perspiration. Ive had labored breathing but never during withdrawal, it occurred the "morning" ( 2pm) after particularly heavy drinking. Never experienced seizure or delirium. For every night I drank the next day Id drink close to a gallon of water too so Im sure that really helped.	
Can nurses drink alcohol		i was at a nurse orientation at my college, and they said you will be drug and alcohol tested before you can get into the program. why is this? are nurses not allowed to drink alcohol? could a nurse be fired if they drink alcohol on their days off?		
Am i becoming an alcoholic		I just drank for the first time by myself, i am somewhat new to drinking (have been drinking for perhaps 6 months). I am 17 soon to turn 18 (18 is the legal drinking age in my country). I am drinking to get drunk, not for the taste, drinking alone has the connotation of signs of alcoholism and im worried that i am going down that path. Is this normal for someone experimenting for alcohol or is this a problem. I have also heard that drinking by yourself is a sign of depression, i wouldnt necessarily label myself as depressed but i am certainly not a cheerful person. thanks for any advice		
How long does it take for alcohol to leave your system		With my work they carry out random drug and alcohol tests and iv been told my crew all have one on monday. Its my brothers birthday and we have arranged a surprise party for him tonight. I like to drink both beer and vodka (not together) so im just wondering how many beers I could have for it to be out of my system for monday. Or if I decided to drink vodka and redbull how many of them could I have? Also are there any things I can do to help it leave my system quicker ie drink water all day tomorrow? Thanks		
Alcohol or weed What do we think of them		I side with marijuana. Some family members are alcoholics and they are just unstable people. I know a few people who smoke, most smart and well composed. This is only my experience though, let me know what you guys have experienced. ( there are some pretty dumb stoners out there, but I would like to think this trait wasnt gained, only supported by the use of drugs, same with alcohol)		
Please tell me some Alcohol brands		Please tell me the best brands for : 1. vodka 2. gin 3. Rum 4. wine 5. champagne 6. whiskey 7. absinth 8. tequila 9. bear		
How to act drunk, fake alcohol		Ok, so i want a way to fake alcohol and act drunk		
How to hide alcohol and smoke smell  How to act sober		How to hide both smells completely ? How much time do they take to leave ? How to not get addicted to both, like how much if enough ? Please give me procedures to hide completely the smell, effects of both ? And how to act Sober??		
Is Chlordiazepoxide/Librium a good medication for alcohol withdrawal and the associated anxiety		My friend has been prescribed Chlordiazepoxide/Librium for his mild alcohol withdrawal in a home detox setting. He already has a severe underlying anxiety and panic disorder which is why he drinks to self-medicate his anxiety. I know this doesnt come into it but he does not drink much its just the fact that its everyday. It is not extremely heavy drinking just constant. He has had his bloods taken and liver and kidney tests and they came back fine with above average results. He just wants some reassurance that the said medication will help his anxiety and get him through the withdrawal period. Thank you very much.		
How much alcohol would make me drunk		I just want to know how much alcohol would make me drunk? E.g. beer, vodka, rum, cider, wine? Im 14 years old boy, 170cm ? 56 ft, 62 kg?136 lbs. For your info: Ive never tried alcohol and i dont want to. Im just curious about my body.		
10 panadol extra 500mg mixed in alcohol effects on liver or not .plus what are the posiible symptons in this				
Physical and chemical properties of alcohol		Some physical and chemical properties of alchhol?		
I drank 2 sip of a drink which has 4% of alcohol in it		Few questions i want someone to answer: Im 15 btw & refused a lot but you know how strong peer pressure is. What will be the negative effects of this? (If any) Is it legal?		
I think i drank rubbing alcohol!		im 16, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), this is only the second time ive even taken a sip of alcohol i just wanted to have fun ith my friends becuase there crazy and do drugs and smoke and i always feel so left out, i now understand my mistake and will never do it again. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 and a half months now, and its been giving me serious health anxiety (or maybe actual symptoms). I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney and annemia etc and they all came back fine. I had a urinalysis because i have bubbles which wouldnt go away in my urine and it came back fine. Could they get the tests wrong? i read that kindney tests are not reliable for someone my age? My symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, itchy skin, the skin on my face has become particuly bad it is rough and dry when it was usually completely fine. could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? I have continued to worry about for a very long time now. When i drank the alcohol, nothing really happened, except a stomache that night which could of been due to extreme paranoia and my eyes were sore, which could of been from staring at screens a lot. I also had my eyes tested and they were fine. I am just so worried i have done somethign really really stupid, and if i have damaged myself i dont think i can ever forgive myself and i know others wont either. Could this all be paranoia, or is it real?		
I just put some rubbing alcohol on my face and I read only a minute later thats bad		I washed it all off and Im wondering if my skin is going to get irritated		
Is it possible for the body to stop absorbing alcohol so you can no longer get drunk		Can the body stop absorbing or become immune to the effects of alcohol?		
Why do I feel really nauseous the day after consuming alcohol, but only after I eat		I usually only drink a beer and do a couple shots when I consume alcohol. I dont have a hangover the next morning, but after I eat food that day I become very nauseous. Any idea why this happens?		
Gay guys and girls, what is your alcoholic beverage of preference		I like Smirnoffs and BJs.		
Feel sick after drinking alcohol, after throwing up a week ago!		I drunk too much alcohol (about 15 units) last weekend and I threw up about 7 times. Not a good night... Anyway yesterday I had the equivalent to 4 units of alcohol, and I felt really really really ill afterwards, and although I wasnt sick, I did feel very close like I was going to be sick. However I know for a fact I was 100% sober the whole night. What is the reason for this, and how long will it take for me to go back to normal?!		
How long does alcohol stay in ur blood if u drink 16 units				
I never drunk alcohol but yesterday I did, is this normal		Is this normal? Yesterday I was all by myself and I got bored, Im 18 and never have drunk alcohol in my life. So I found a bottle of wine (11% VOL) and I drank a glass. All of a sudden 10 min later I felt so happy and I was dizzy. I also started to sweat. after one hour I got a small headach and tired. Is this a normal reaction?		
In the United states as a whole, is it required for store to ID all people for alcohol and ciggarettes		Im asking in a sense for ALL people, no matter what age (even if over 21). If its required in all states to card someone for buying beer and alcohol, say to scan it or punch in a birthdate. I know some stores have policies that if it looks obviously old enough they wont card you, but i know for a fact that some grocery stores have a cash register program that requires a birthdate to punch in or a scanned drivers license. I mostly want to know for general knowledge, if anyone from a state other than NY can help (in NY its required to be IDed no matter what) Thanks!		
Is marley mellow alcohol				
What information is on an alcohol case		Like the packaging of the Bottle it comes in?		
Blood/Urine test in 3 days.. alcohol		Im taking a blood and urine test (today is sat night) and the tests are on tuesday in the afternoon. if i were to drink 5% alcohol wine coolers would they come up? thanks		
What alcohol related crimes could land someone with probation				
Is it illegal to buy a air lock and other thing used for alcohol production (amylase and turbo yeast)		i am planning on buying these online in Ontario in Toronto but am wondering if it is illegal to purchase these (amylase, yeast, airlock, pale & grommet, hydrometer). OR IS IT ONLY ILLEGAL IF I PRODUCE ALCOHOL?		
How to remove the scent of alcohol		So lately Ive been getting caught all the time by my parents when I come home from a party they smell my breath like 5 times.what should I do to remove the smell		
Itchy all over body, alcohol related		I took a few shots last night and alittle less than 12 hours after i went to sleep, I took a shower and discovered that I was itchy EVERYWHERE. I wouldnt even call it a mild rash but my skin is alittle pink (Im naturally tan) so if i had to, it would be a very very minor rash. I usually dont take this many shots of vodka and Ive never had this itch all over. My question is, is this related to my consumption of vodka? if it is, how long will these itches last and/or what can i do to speed up the healing process?		
When distilling potato moonshine create harmful alcohol if so how do i discard this		(improper distillation can leave methyl alcohol in the drink, which will destroy your brain, leading to something called moonshine blindness) How do i know how much to discard per amount of pure sugar ans potatoes? any research proof?		
How to fake alcohol memory loss		So yesterday i went drinking with my friends. To recall the story, i did something i am ashamed of and i want to have a good reason for it. And the reason is that i got so drunk, that i dont remember an hour and a half of the time drinking and doing the thing... I already searched the internet about alcohol amnesia or alcohol memory loss, but i didnt find anything useful about how to fake one. Thanks for your help.		
Any ideas please help me. Alcohol related.		When i was younger I binge drank, I drank quite alot of alcohol .Now everytime I smell alcohol or drink it I instantly vomit. How can I stop this:( Im 18, I should be able to go out and have a few drinks.I binge drank @15 yet why am I still having issues now:( Please help me? I just want to go out and have a good time but cant due to low alcohol tolerance.I used to be able to drink anything. :(		
What do muslims think of the protest march in London, where extreme muslims demanded a ban on selling alcohol		Is this not un-islamic? I saw a sermon where a cleric said that it is written that muslims are not supposed to meddle in the business of non-muslim merchants, for example. Here, the muslims are demanding that pubs stop selling alcohol. Which is kind of what pubs were invented for. They are saying that pub-owners will be whipped. Why do muslims let people like this give their religion a bad name? Islam is coming across as a barbaric, intolerant, violent religion, run by superstitious bearded idiots. http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/448684/Anjem-Choudary-Brick-Lane-protest-warns-Muslim-shop-owners-over-alcohol-sale		
What do you think of the protest march in London, where extreme muslims demanded a ban on selling alcohol		Here, the muslims are demanding that pubs stop selling alcohol. Which is kind of what pubs were invented for. They are saying that pub-owners will be whipped. Why do some muslims want islam to come across as a barbaric, intolerant, violent religion, run by superstitious bearded idiots. http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/448684/Anjem-Choudary-Brick-Lane-protest-warns-Muslim-shop-owners-over-alcohol-sale		
Why dont Employers like people who smoke pot, but are fine with nicotine and alcohol fiends		Even in states where it is legal.		
Is smoking and drinking alcohol really bad		apart from health issues.		
Lucas test is best used to identify which alcohol				
Do you think home distillation of alcohol should be legal		I just took a coulple shots of tax free likker...am i a criminal?		
Where can I find an alcohol class that is approved by the howard county court system		I was told that I had to complete an alcohol class by the court and that I had to find it myself and it had to be credible. I have been searching for one online but I cant find anything that seems legit enough to be approved by the court. Does anyone have any suggestions? Or a website to refer me to? Id appreciate it		
First alcohol party, advice on drinks		Im literally a novice when it comes to drinking socially. Im 17, live in the UK, 5ft7, female, 8.8st. I am going to a party with alcohol and I would like to drink just to loosen myself up but I dont want to get drunk. Please dont give me answers like Youre too young to drink or if you dont want to get drunk then dont drink because I know there are safe ways of doing this and these things just happen and Ive had all the lectures from my parents who are aware of this party, but they dont really drink so I dont know what an acceptable drink to take would be. I know all of the people going to the party and I know all the alcohol dangers and that I should leave if things start to go wrong and keep hold of my drink at all times and have water in between and eat before and all of that. I just dont know how much to drink to get me tipsy but not drunk. My aunty suggested things like Smirnoff Ice or WKD, are these acceptable drinks? Also, how much can I have without being hammered? Thanks :)		
Why do high school parties have alcohol		Last weekend I went to a party mainly with sophomores..I didnt really know anyone but my friend..and she asked me if her breath smells like alcohol??? I dont understand why would you drink? Why does that party even have alcohol? Were only 15 and 16!! Im just I dont understand and I dont think I wan to talk to her anymore because Im not friends with people like that...I dont get why people just cant wait til were 21 and can legally drink. And also my friend who lives in Germany says when shes sixteen her friend who looks like her will let her borrow her id so she can go to an 18+ club??! Why? I told her she shouldnt because what if she gets like raped or something..and why are european kids so crazy..ugh Im just very disappointed in my friends and idk should I drink? Since everyone does it? I get the whole peer pressure thing now and Im trying to resist		
5.5 cups of 55% alcohol is equivalent to how much 95% alcohol		Recipe tells me 5.5 cups of 55% alcohol. I only have 95% alcohol here. How much do I use of the 95%? thank you		
Alcohol for someone who doesnt like fizzy drinks				
Is alcoholism a mental illness or a choice				
What is the vapor pressure in mmHg of a solution prepared by dissolving 45.0g of ethyl alcohol (C2H5OH) in 100		also,What is the vapor pressure of the solution if 45.0g of water is dissolved in 100.0 g of ethyl alcohol at 25 ?C?		
Do movies encourage alcohol misuse by the themes in the films				
The vapor pressure of pure water is 23.8 mmHg, and the vapor pressure of ethyl alcohol is 61.2 mmHg at 25 C.		What is the vapor pressure of the solution if 45.0g of water is dissolved in 100.0 g of ethyl alcohol at 25 ?C?		
Recently charged with transportation of alcohol by a minor in a state Im not from and need help		I am a student at the University of Rhode Island and I am from Connecticut. Recently I was given a court date and was charged with minor transporting alcohol. I was going to the gas station that is .5 miles away from my house to get cigarettes, and one of my friends who is 21 asked me if I could give him a ride to the package store because it is in the same plaza as the gas station. Of course I said yes because I didnt think it would be an issue. Of course I got pulled over because a cop across the street saw my friend put one 12 pack in my trunk. I am now being charged with this and have to go to court on Tuesday. I am from Connecticut, if this would have happened to me, this would happen: Possession of an Alcoholic Beverage by a minor in a Motor Vehicle [14-111a] While not considered an arrest, any underage person (under the age of 21) who has any type of an alcoholic beverage in their vehicle will receive a written warning. A copy of this warning is sent to the Department of Motor Vehicle. DMV will contact the operator to appear for a motor vehicle hearing at which time it will be determined whether the person?s operator?s license will be suspended and for how long. If a minor has any alcoholic beverages in their vehicle and person of legal age is accompanying them, then there is no violation. The law is not the same where I am from. I was not aware of this law in RI and I personally believe that in a college town where there are thousands of out of state residents with different laws, the package store that has the most students going to it should at least have a flyer on the window that informs the public of the law. My friend got one 12 pack for himself, there was no other alcohol, it wasnt like there was 30 racks and handles for a bunch of kids, it was one 12 pack for himself. Shouldnt the public be known of this law if police want to enforce it? If I new the law I would have let my friend drive my car to get it, the package store is down the street! I dont think I did anything with any sort of criminal intent, now i have the risk of getting my license suspended and paying fines. Can someone give me some advice please. I did nothing but a favor for my friend, and nothing happened to him and now I may get my license suspended. I did not know the law, If I did I would have not given my friend a ride. The liquor store or the police do not inform the public of this law so how can you enforce it, it just isnt right. Any sort of advice would be appreciated thanks.		
Anyone else think Alcohol is a waste of money		I mean, I enjoy going out with friends and having a good time at a Pub. Alcohol definitely brings out your more social side & you end up meeting people, having good conversations, & ultimately a lot of fun when your under the influence. But when the cheque comes, I look at the bill & think "what a waste of money for one good night". Drinking is usually not my first choice to have fun, I only do it because Im often pressured by my buddies to "just have one drink" and it never ends up being just one drink. So, do you think alcohol is a waste of money? I can understand smoking a bit, it helps take the edge off a bit, but its a waste of money too. However, drinking is fairly expensive just for one night of fun, even if you dont drink all the time, paying a typical bill of $60 for one night seems like a lot to me. Your thoughts?		
Which has the higher alcohol content		Which has the higher alcohol content? A Bahama Mama, Or 2 tablespoons ( Roughly 1 shot ) Of Vodka?		
Can alcohol consumption be detrimental to GAINING weight for an ectomorph		Hello. I am 19 years old, 62", 165 pounds. I want to weigh 185 eventually. Im wondering, if I have an average of 12 drink across Friday and Saturday each week but make sure to still get at least 7hours of sleep those nights and dont miss any meals, is it substantially detrimental to my weight gain. Im working out 4 times per week (not on the weekends). Thanks for the help.		
I took Mucinex D around 10 this morning, can I drink alcohol		I know youre not supposed to mix any medication with alcohol, but I took Mucinex D this morning around 10 or 11. Its a 12 hour pill. The only other medication Im on is birthcontrol. Im not really sick. I just have some mucus from a sinus infection. Im going to skip taking it tonight. Can I drink? Its 9 pm		
Is it okay to use baby wipes that have benzyl alcohol on a navel piercing				
Oxycodone and alcohol		Its been about 16 hours since I took 1 5mg oxycodone. Is it okay if I drink alcohol or should I wait longer?		
Teach me everything I need to know about alcoholic drinks		I am a young girl and Im going to a party I need to know my liquor cuz I dont want to look like an idiot I want to look smart please help		
Is there a reputable company to purchase alcohol online		Im well over the age of 21. So age is not an issue. There are certain liquors that arent sold in AL. Its for a gift basket. Since there not sold in AL im sure theyve never had it before...		
What are the rules for flying from Germany to the US with alcohol in your baggage		I am 18 and flying US Airways and I want to bring my parents back a bottle of alcohol.		
Underage, I was not tested for alcohol at a busted party I attended, but they got my information.		I attended a party recently. No, I was not drinking. But the party was busted right as I was about to leave, unfortunately. I was the first person they talked to. They asked if I was drinking, my age at birthdate, my name, and my drivers license number and requested someone pick me up regardless. This was NOT my party. What will likely happen to me? Was anything I did illegal?	Additional Details I am 18 years old and live in the state of Alabama.	
Can I be charged with underage consumption of alcohol without being tested		I am 18 years old in the state of Alabama. I was recently at a party that got busted, but no I was NOT drinking. However, the cops got the information of EVERYONE at the party, and for some reason tested no ones BAC, regardless of admitting to consumption or not. Can anyone at this party be charged with the underage consumption of alcohol or did we just kind of get off free? They let me leave as soon as they got my info.		
How can one misdemeanor for underage alcohol consumption affect my future		I have plans to go to law school. Will this one possible blip on my record affect me?		
PLEASE HELP, WILL MY URINE TEST POSITIVE FOR ALCOHOL		I AM NOT GOING TO DRINK AGAIN AFTER HOW PARANOID I AM RIGHT NOW.......SOOOO NOT WORTH IT......I ALREADY GOT PLENTY OF LECTURES!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am going to my first drug and alcohol counseling meeting on tuesday at 1pm. Last saturday night around 12am I had about 40 oz of beer. They are going to urine test me for drugs on Tuesday at 1pm. I thought that alcohol clears out of your urine within 24 hours, but I randomly heard about etg testing and now Im really really really scared. My first question: I dont really know what an etg test is...all I know is its a urine test that can detect alcohol up to 80 hours after ingestion. So, is a regular urine test the same as an etg test? if not, what is the difference? My second question: Would an etg test show whether or not I have been doing drugs? (which I havent). The reason I ask this question is<SEMCOL> they want to know If i have been doing drugs/drinking. If an etg test does not show whether I have been doing drugs and only concerns alcohol, then I would assume they would not give me one. My third question: If an etg test is solely for alcohol, and a regular urine test is for drugs, might they perform both tests? My fourth question: If I am at risk for testing positive, any suggestions on what I might do to lower that risk? My fifth question: If I were to reschedule the meeting to wednesday, then would I still be at risk for testing positive?? PLEASE ONLY ANSWER IF YOU CAN ANSWER MY QUESTIONS WITH CONFIDENCE. SOURCES OR EXPERIENCE WOULD BE NICE. Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Will the TSA check your ID if you have alcohol in your checked baggage				
Does Abilify clash with alcohol and caffine				
I live in australia and my best friend lives in the UK can i send alcohol over to him as a birthday present		plz i need your answers!!		
How Much Vodka Causes Alcohol Poisoning		Now, before I get a huge lecture, I do understand how dangerous vodka and just alcohol in general but its not an everyday thing. Im 13 years old, female, around 95lbs and on a usual Friday/ Saturday night I would drink a small bottle of vodka( if youre from the UK, its the 8 Glenns, if not then its about half a liter I think). Usually, I am very intoxicated but I have never done anything an adult wouldnt do. If I drank a liter bottle to myself would it kill me? Would I pass out? Get alcohol poisoning? Thank you in advance.		
Can you drink alcohol after having the flu		I ended up coming down with influenza A last Wednesday and today on Monday, Im starting to feel fever-free and like Im getting back to my old self. Still a bit of a cough, slight congestion and fatigue though. Its a little over a week till Christmas and my first week or two of Christmas break from my college courses has/is being ruined by this flu business. Would next week during the Christmas be an ok time to drink alcohol after kicking the flu, given most or all the symptoms have subsided? Im not talking about getting drunk, just enjoying a stout by the fire or something. I wasnt sure if light to moderate consumption over the holiday would be out of the question? I wasnt sure if my flu infection could rev up again because of that, or if it could even do that? Thanks.		
HOw much alcohol in half a glass of Wine		My mothers boos made her give me wine a couple of years ago. I am a 17 year old female. I only had half a glass. How much alcohol did I have? What would it be equivalent to?		
How much Jgermeister would I need to consume to equal the amount of Alcohol in half a glass of WIne		I am 17 and a couple of years ago had half a glass of Wine at dinner because my moms boss made her give me WIne.. That would be the equivalent of 2 teaspoons of pure Alcohol. How much Jgermeister would I need to equal that same amount? Just curious.		
Remove Alcohol Stains from Wall		So, I had a cockroach infestation a while back and went crazy trying to kill the cockroaches by spraying rubbing alcohol. It was very effective, but it left glossy stains all over my white walls. I will move in the near future and want to know if theres anyway to remove this alcohol stains off the wall so that I dont have any issues with the landlord. Thus far, I thought about using Magic Eraser or ammonia. Any thoughts, suggestions, similar experiences?		
Can alcohol cause depression		If I drink alcohol on a night out, I generally have a good night. And Ive never had a hangover the next morning, even if I overdo it. Physiologically, I feel fine, no headache or anything. But I get so depressed, for days after, where I can hardly go about my day, I feel close to tears all the time and Ive even cut myself on one bad occasion. (I dont drink any more because of this, and havent in a long time!!) Dont just say alcohol is a depressant please. How does it physiologically happen and does this happen to anyone else??		
Use of alcohols as fuels		Use of alcohols as fuels?		
Alcohol or Drug addiction		Alcohol or Drug addiction person can take this Valium medication.?		
How come beer can spoil/grow mold yet most other alcoholic beverages cannot		Is it due to the fact that beer in general has a lower alcohol content then say...whiskey (to use an example)		
Would it be wrong to support my alcoholic ex boyfriend long distance		The reason I didnt move was because if the alcohol. But would it be wrong to still support him if I am not near him I would go to him when he needed my help. There is no other way I can be near him as I have no home near him. Am I selfish and thinking too much of myself I care about him and think that he needs someone to talk to.		
Symptoms of alcohol withdrawal		So, my mom is an alcoholic. I do not live with her, but she is a severe alcoholic. Its very bad. And she wont quit. She has gotten 2 DUIs, and has lost almost everything. Luckily she is able to get a job because the city I live in has some of the highest poverty rates (literally everyone you meet here is in poverty) and crime rates. The reason its not hard to get a job is because they hire everyone. Anyways, she is finally going to quit, but the other night I accidentally found alcohol in her bag (to be specific she drinks vodka) and she said that "I need to slowly get off of it." Its getting out of control. I have two questions: what are the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal, and is it true that you need to wean yourself off of it? And answer would be appreciated. Btw, I live with my dad who doesnt drink or smoke at all. Thanks in advance!		
Extreme parania after drinking rubbing alcohol		im 16, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT AND I HAVE BEEN TO THE DOCTORS. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), this is only the second time ive even taken a sip of alcohol i just wanted to have fun ith my friends becuase there crazy and do drugs and smoke and i always feel so left out, i now understand my mistake and will never do it again. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 and a half months now, and its been giving me serious health anxiety (or maybe actual symptoms). I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney and annemia etc and they all came back fine. I had a urinalysis because i have bubbles which wouldnt go away in my urine and it came back fine. Could they get the tests wrong? i read that kindney tests are not reliable for someone my age? My symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, itchy skin, the skin on my face has become particuly bad it is rough and dry when it was usually completely fine. could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? I have continued to worry about for a very long time now. When i drank the alcohol, nothing really happened, except a stomache that night which could of been due to extreme paranoia and my eyes were sore, which could of been from staring at screens a lot. I also had my eyes tested and they were fine. I am just so worried i have done somethign really really stupid, and if i have damaged myself i dont think i can ever forgive myself and i know others wont either. Could this all be paranoia, or is it real? Just a couple of days ago, i touched my face, and now i cant stop touching it and prodding because ive convinced myself my face is swollen and puffy meaning facial edema, i dont know what to do.		
How to smuggle alcohol to a Christmas celebration		The parents of my wife asked us to come and celebrate Christmas at their house. Theyre heavily against alcohol though and wont tolerate it in their house. For me, it just goes with celebrating anything. Ive been drinking Christmas all of my life. The problem is though, I cant seem to find a store that sells flasks that I can stow away in my jacket. Its already too late to order some from the Internet as its already Christmas next week. Do any of you guys have any other good ideas of items that I could use as a container to keep a little bit of booze in? It must be something small that I can easily hide in my jacket so bottles are not a possibility. Thanks a lot in advance!		
Can Alcoholism be inherited from a Grandparent or even Great-Grandparent		My maternal grandmother battled alcoholism for many years... she quit when I was a kid but I also recently found out that her father (my great-grandfather) also had a problem with Alcohol but my mother, aunt and uncle definitely do not have any alcohol issues at all. I guess my question is I feel like I suffer from some of the same alcohol related problems my grandmother and her father faced so is it related to me? how come it seems to have skipped a generation in my mother aunt and uncle?		
Where can I buy the danish alcohol Fisk		Id be really grateful to know where and how I might purchase this product if I live outside Denmark? Perhaps somewhere online? Many thanks.		
How much alcohol will I be able to drink		Basically me and my friends are planning on drinking this weekend and I dont mind gettong drunk I just want to be aware of how much alcohol I can handle. Im roughly 5ft 1 and weigh around 100 pounds.		
Will it be a good idea to send my ex alcoholic boyfriend a self - help book on quitting alcohol		My alcoholic does not have Internet access and he will not go and get help I know it has to be his choice and I wanted to send him some books to help himself. I have a feeling that coming from me he will take note even though he may be stubborn and defiant about it. I will not be near him so he has to deal with it himself although I may get a phone call Maybe I am doing the wrong thing but I want to try something subtle I gave talked with him before but he denied it		
What are the best self-help books on quitting alcohol		Thank you	Additional Details Joseph, I never expected to have some of the best advice in quitting alcohol just asking for a book on the subject. Its for my boyfriend. Life works in mysterious ways sometimes. Thank you and bless you xx	
Whats the % alcohol strength in a glass of Martini		Im at a bar and thinking of ordering a glass of standard Martini (olive) for myself. Alcohol percentage please? Thanks.		
Please help with paranoia after drining rubbing alcohol		im 16, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT AND I HAVE BEEN TO THE DOCTORS. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), this is only the second time ive even taken a sip of alcohol i just wanted to have fun ith my friends becuase there crazy and do drugs and smoke and i always feel so left out, i now understand my mistake and will never do it again. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 and a half months now, and its been giving me serious health anxiety (or maybe actual symptoms). I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney and annemia etc and they all came back fine. I had a urinalysis because i have bubbles which wouldnt go away in my urine and it came back fine. Could they get the tests wrong? i read that kindney tests are not reliable for someone my age? My symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, itchy skin, the skin on my face has become particuly bad it is rough and dry when it was usually completely fine. could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? I have continued to worry about for a very long time now. When i drank the alcohol, nothing really happened, except a stomache that night which could of been due to extreme paranoia and my eyes were sore, which could of been from staring at screens a lot. I also had my eyes tested and they were fine. I am just so worried i have done somethign really really stupid, and if i have damaged myself i dont think i can ever forgive myself and i know others wont either. Could this all be paranoia, or is it real? Just a couple of days ago, i touched my face, and now i cant stop touching it and prodding because ive convinced myself my face is swollen and puffy meaning facial edema, i dont know what to do.		
Can someone be born with a high alcohol tolerance		This is probably a stupid question, but if both parents are big alcoholics can a child be born with a high tolerance of alcohol?		
How affective is it when people cut ties with an alcoholic until they get help			I am learning about alcoholism and wondering how affective it is when family members tell an alcoholic "we love you but we will not have a relationship with you until you go sober". I find this mean since alcoholism, while it can be treated, is a disease. But, does this work much of the time?	
After Caught with alcohol + weed How should i go about getting my guardian to believe I have ADD		I have believed for some time mow that I have ADD. My teachers have even agreed and one offered to write note to my guardian about it since she has a child with it. The problem is I am not trusted at all by her( guardian) because of recent instances of getting caught drinking , admitting to smoking weed, and caught with cigarettes and if I bring say I want to be tested she will just think Im chasing a buzz but I really believe my grades and our relationship would improve with some kind of medication. What should I do? Talk to school counselor, teachers, tell her about trouble concentrating?? Any new ideas are appreciated		
Did the 18th amendment prohibit the sale and consumption of alcohol, or just the sale				
What alcohol would not spike glucose level				
Do you think Penny on The Big Bang Theory is an alcoholic		She drinks on a lot of episodes, which will result in vomiting. She drinks when she is confronted with situations that she cant control or situations she doesnt like. I think she uses alcohol as a coping mechanism. Any thoughts?		
Does Schweppes Lemon, Lime and Bitters contain ANY alcohol		On the bottle it says 0.2% aromatic bitters. Does that mean its 0.2% alcohol?		
Do limo services check for alcohol			so im 18 and i want to sneak alcohol into the limo cus my mum told them no alcohol will be on the limo but im finnah get wasted so would they check my stuff before going inside? and can i put it in water bottles? thanks	Additional Details for my 18th birthday
I think I may have alcohol poisoning, and I dont know what to do.		I stayed home from school with a migraine today, which Ive never had before so I didnt really know how to deal with it. Im a pretty habitual weed smoker and I usually would have just smoked a bowl to deal with the pain but Im dry at the moment, so I decided to drink somethting from my parents liquor cabinet. I know this was stupid. I did a shot of hard liquor, liked it, and did another one. Then another, and another. Eventually I think I had around 12-15 shots in the space of an hour and a half. I was extremely drunk afterwards but didnt sleep until about three hours after I had stopped drinking. When I woke up, I started to vomit about once every hour. Its been eight hours since then and Im still throwing up. I am 15, female, and about 140 lbs. Im so scared to tell my parents, they think Im throwing up from migraine nausea. What do I do?		
If Im drinking alcohol and eating at same time or after why cant I get drunk		Why does food kill the drunk buzz? Anytime I eat after drinking I lose the buzz. Anyway around this? Does food absorb the alcohol? Any way around this?		
Nyquil and alcohol please help		I was pretty tipsy earlier, and without realizing it, I just took some Nyquil (pill form) with a shot of vodka that was mixed in with some orange juice. Am I going to be okay?		
While on probation, How do I dispute a postive EGT for alcohol on a possession of marijauana charge 			First Offense. First Positive. 3 Beers/60 Hours Before Test. Probation Violation	
Can tums make alcohol less harsh on the stomach		Simply put, I tend to take tums when I drink alcohol cause my logic says that the reduced acid the tums create help with the increase of acid from the booze. Is my logic sound or am I wasting my time?		
By what process is an alcohol residue in an ester replaced by another residue				
You can start a fire if you have alcohol, petrol, kerosene, paper, candle, coke, a full matchbox and a piece o				
Other drugs like alcohol , with anxiolytic and euphoric effect		anxiolytic for anxiety and euphoria for depression ...		
In so much pain cant sleep ): What long term damage can alcohol poisoning cause			Friday I drank two bottles of 80 proof vodka to my self in less than five mins. Next morning i was told i was swollen finger tips were black and family was slapping pouring water on me and I wouldnt budge so 911 was called. I woke up Sunday morni.ng thinking it was Friday. my level was .513 . its now Tuesday Im home but I have pain in my stomach and chest that brings tears when I cough and constant pain in lower back and head that wont leave ): can it be permanent damage? how long will it last. also because of this my period started 3 weeks early? just worried I cant sleep chest n stomach n back killing me.	
So much pain cant sleep ): what long term injuries can alcohol poisoning cause			Friday I drank two bottles of 80 proof vodka to my self in less than five mins. Next morning i was told i was swollen finger tips were black and family was slapping pouring water on me and I wouldnt budge so 911 was called. I woke up Sunday morni.ng thinking it was Friday. my level was .513 . its now Tuesday Im home but I have pain in my stomach and chest that brings tears when I cough and constant pain in lower back and head that wont leave ): can it be permanent damage? how long will it last. also because of this my period started 3 weeks early? just worried I cant sleep chest n stomach n back killing me.	
Will the TSA check your ID if you have alcohol in your checked baggage in California				
What alcoholic drinks dont put on weight				
POLL: When was the last time you drank alcohol				
Why is there so much prejudice against marijuana use, but not tobacco and alcohol use	 Imperius Rex 			
I saw loads of DIY make up products such as bronzers and eyeshadows using rubbing alcohol. Is it harmful				
Why is alcohol expensive				
When someone is an alcoholic does the alcohol drinking surpress unwanted emotions			Like depression, anxiety, hurt, etc....	
Would this be rude Christmas alcohol gift exchange			My family for some reason decided they wanted the theme for the gift exchange to be alcohol this year. The problem is me and my husband dont drink. We used to but my husband has learned that its best just to stay away from it and I dont drink to support his choice. Would it be rude to bring a non alcoholic gift for the white elephant exchange? There are about 20 people who do the gift exchange and two of them are pregnant so I dont see it as being a problem. I will choose my gift if I have to. Any ideas on what would be a good gift that isnt alcohol. I was thinking a few bottles of sparkling apple cider and some chocolate. The price limit is $15.	Additional Details I guess I should add I was going to tell them it was non alcoholic. The other option was to not participate at all, with two people being pregnant two people who dont drink and my grandma that doesnt drink out of 20 people 5 people might enjoy the gift.
I have a pimple just about my tooth,,it hurts, can I dry it out by using rubbing alcohol		mjenningsas4@aol.com		
Would you vote in favor of outlawing alcohol in the USA		Advantages would be less DUIs and less people with the illness of alcoholism. Disadvantage would be more crime in certain areas and lack of pleasure safe drinking. So how would you vote?		
Should we outlaw alcohol in the USA in an effort to reduce alcohol abuse and alcoholism				
Should there be a leghal limit to how much alcohol one can buy				
What could I bring to this gift exchange instead of Alcohol		My family usually does a White elephant gift exchange every year and for some reason they chose alcohol as the theme for this year. Problem is me and my husband dont drink, there are about 20 people at this gift exchange including 2 pregnant woman and my grandma who doesnt drink. Now I know that the pregnant woman do drink, just not while they are pregnant. What are some suitable non alcoholic gifts I could bring? I thought of sparkling apple cider and some fancy chocolates but I would like some other ideas, need two gifts around $15. I was actually going to label them as Non alcoholic. And honestly I was going to take my own gift if I dont see anything I like when my number is called, is that tacky? My family has done that kind of stuff before...lol But we have never had alcohol as a theme before.	Additional Details Haha, except that where I live there arent many Starbucks outside of a target store. I personally would like to have something in the bag, not a card.	
Home or easy remedy for asian flush or asian reda condition in which the face turned red after having alcohol		Im searching for home or easy remedy for asian flush or asian red....Please help me out friends.....		
Is it true that the native American population has a genetic predisposition to bad reactions to alcohol		If that is true, is it also possible that other peoples who ban alcohol consumption also suffer from the inability to drink alcohol and still continue to behave rationally? Is that the reason for some bans on drinking? (Acknowledging, of course, that excessive consumption is always negative. Im referring to total bans as are common in some societies.)		
How many glasses of 22% alcohol port wine would this be equal to		If I drink a small 50 ml bottle of Bourbon Whiskey that is 71 proof and only 35.5 percent alcohol, how many glasses of 22% alcohol port wine would this be equal to?		
Am i a alcoholic or not		Dont get me wrong I like my alcohol and I drink a lot if it to be fair I get up on a Morning not needing a drink but I open one what am I doing this for ???		
How to help my alcoholic father		Im 29 and living in Italy , but my 21 year old brother still lives at home with our dad and he is spiraling out of control. He is bipolar and does not take his meds properly. He is an alcoholic and so alcohol is mixed with his meds when ever he does take them. He has all kinds of bazar health issues, for example, he says his urine is thick like syrup...Im afraid that means there is something wrong with his kidneys from the alcohol abuse. He never drinks water, does not eat right, and in general does not take care of him self. He has recently gotten a DUI. His behavior is also very bazar. He is in the manic stage of his bipolar and he has spent $75,000 of his $100,000 savings. My whole family is very worried about him. No one can talk any sense into him what so ever. Is there any way we can have him admitted somewhere to get treatment for alcohol abuse and bipolar? We are afraid it is only a matter of time before he hurts himself or someone else.		
Can I use a provisional license to buy alcohol		I have used my provisional license since I was 16 to buy the lottery and now Im 18 Ive been using it to buy alcohol. I was told ghe other day its not proper ID, so what is? I dont want to be carrying my passport everywhere I go		
Is it truely Haram to drink alcohol in Islam		I live in Dubai, a muslim country, but all of the muslims tend to drink quite a bit. But there are a few of my friends who dont drink of smoke or anything because they say no, its haram. But none of them are told or stopped actively from drinking. So my question is, is it haram, and to what extent is it haram? Will you go to HELLL?		
Anjem Choudary claims that Muslim restaurateurs selling alcohol face 40 lashes		And Britain will become an Islamic state. He also claims he cant live with non Muslims which begs the question, why did he chose to live here then? http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/an? Roger, dont bother!		
Alcohol and Beer is disgusting to me		I am about 5 years removed from college and I drank quite heavily at times during college. I was someone who could definitely hold a great deal of alcohol. However, I never really enjoyed the taste of alcohol whatsoever. I did it in college for social acceptance and because I did enjoy being drunk and the events surrounding it. Now that Im in my late 20s, I have absolutely no desire to consume alcohol or beer at all. My friends seem to be experts on beer and they home brew and legitimately enjoy the taste of beer. To me, its bitter as hell and tastes like poorly baked bread and I cant help but make that "bitter beer" face everytime I drink it. I cant stomach shots either. I hate the burning sensation and it just makes me cringe. So, what the heck is wrong with me? Do people actually enjoy beer as much as they say they do, or are they just saying they do because everyone else seems to and no one wants to admit that its really not that great tasting? Do I just not have what it takes to enjoy this part of life?		
Is it true that if you consume alcohol your prayers wont be accepted for 40 days		I consume alcohol about three weeks ago and Im no longer praying cuz I have been told that I cant pray for forty days is it true The only reason Im asking is cuz I never seen it in Quran		
Can your body be dependant on a certain type of alcohol		If you are an Alcoholic that only drinks beer and no other alcohol can your body become addicted to beer and no other alcohol like your body would become addicted to some of the ingredients of beer and if you tried to taper off with wine (with small amounts) you would get beer withdrawal????? please answer		
How many states allow you to carry a firearm in places that serve alcohol		I know you can in Arizona unless the establishment post a no firearms sign. Does anyone know other states where you can?		
Ibuprofen and alcohol		Okay so i had one ibuprofen pill and about four hours later i had one shot worth of baileys, i know your not supposed to drink while taking ibuprofen, but will i be okay or do i need to see a doctor? or am i just paranoid? please help!		
My girlfriend is poisoning herself with alcohol. What do i do		My girlfriend last night drank some alcohol and i realized this when she started seducing me, talking sexual, saying she was taking off her clothes, rolling around on the ground etc. i tried helping her but i could do nothing until she fell asleep. The next day at school (im a sophomore shes a freshman) i debated telling her what she had said while she was drunk but didnt with her consent tell her. I thought it was a one time thing. This afternoon (same day)i texted her after school and she sounded sane. An hour or so later her texts got concerning. I asked if she was ok and then she replied im not drunk. I immediately called her but she wouldnt pick up. I keep calling her but she says shes eating, the phone feels like a vibrator stop it. I have chores to do. I can tell something id wrong but she wont pick up. She says shell call me at 7, 45 minutes from now. I cant help but cry as i am scared for her and i need to help her through this. What do i do? I cant think consciously.	Additional Details Shes only 94 lbs and a freshman in highschool. Shes talked about alcohol before like its no big deal and ive seen how much there is at her house. She drank some wine last night and ended up blacking out not remembering a think. A little bit of vodka will hurt her. Im not a worry wart, im just concerned	
My dad has been an alcoholic for five years now! Any help		Well, my dad has been an alcoholic for a number of years now and its getting to stage where the amount he drinks is getting ridiculous. He seems to go out in the morning and come back late evening drunk, denying that he has drunk anything. You can clearly smell it on him and he is falling all over the place, and we can never tell how much he has actually drank. He seems to get very short tempered and rude, it used to be that he would drive off and not come back till the morning, but he has recently had his licence taken off him for drink driving. He takes the dog out for a walk and comes back falling over, because he buys alcohol at the corner shop, and drinks it on his way home. I need to stop him drinking, any thoughts?		
POLL: How does alcohol make YOU feel				
Im very very anxious . how to reduce anxiety besides alcohol .		yoga and meditation doesnt work, bcoz im too shaky and cant focus to meditate. do inhalants work ?		
Rubbing Alcohol and Clothes Dryer		I washed my feet with rubbing alcohol and paper towels in the shower. I rinsed them off for thirty seconds each under water and stepped out onto my bathroom rug. Should I be concerned to put the rug in the dryer after I wash it? I am worried that it may catch fire.		
When distilling alcohol if you are trying to track the temperature is it the gas or water temperature		I am trying to be as accurate to ensure i can remove all the methanol im not sure if a food thermometer would work because it wouldnt reach the mash (liquid)	Additional Details In a pressure cooker still	
Can I go surfing, drink alcohol etc if Im still waiting to do a pregnancy test		I took the morning after pill about 36 hours after we had sex, although he didnt fully *** inside me only a little bit, I just wanted to take the morning after pill to be extra safe. I was told that it was 75% effective. So thats still a one in four chance I could be pregnant right? Im going to do a pregnancy test next week. But should I just live as if I am not pregnant like continue life as normal? Im a surfer and drink alcohol in moderation. Would surfing damage the baby?		
Did you drink alcohol before the drinking age in your country		Just curious		
How long does it take for alcohol to come out of your body through sweat after a night of drinking				
Under age alcohol possession in ohio		Ok so i had some regular budlite beer that was given to me and i let my friend have a couple and his parents caught him.with it and told the police and everything and im the end the officer said i was being charged with underage alcohol possesion and im 15 like is there gonna be anymoney i have to pay or somthing ... the officer said im going to have to go to.juvinial court?		
Are you drinking an alcoholic beverage right now If so, what		Are you tipsy, drunk, or not even going there tonight?		
Does consuming alcohol turns your mind numb		My friend once said that consumption of alcohol reduces the capacity of thinking and cause memory problems. Is that true.		
What happens when rubbing alcohol and urine mix Bad chemical reaction				
Ethyl alcohol boils at 79 degree Celsius and freezes at -117 degree Celsius at one atmospheric pressure. Conve				
Hows the alcohol policy in poland		A bunch of us are going on a school fieldtrip to Wroclaw, Poland, and were not 18 yet.. we were just wondering whats the policy fpr selling alcohol there... Do we need fake IDs, or will it not be a problem?		
Which is the best alcohol to have when you have little cold(its a party I have no choice)		Please tell whether its whiskey, rum beer?? Thanx		
Where can I buy 99% Isopropyl alcohol (rubbing alcohol) in kolkata		Please help me out . I need it to clean CPU and CPU heat sinks thermal Paste		
What is a good title for a science project about alcohol		I am doing a science project on the short term affects of alcohol. My friend and I preformed an experiment using Fatal Vision Goggles to show how alcohol would affect simple things like walking and reading and reflexes. I need a short, catchy title that fits this project idea.		
Can alcohol help an ulcer		Horrible stabbing pain in stomach which spreads to back by the end of the day. Staying full helps throughout most of the day, but by night I need hard liquor to stop the pain sometimes for up to 2 days, but it returns. I think it is an ulcer but not sure.		
Why do coffee and alcohol make me sick	 & 		Whenever I have at least 1 cup of coffee or a few sips of alcohol I feel nauseous and sick. It never really bothered me in the past since I dont drink much of either, but Im worried that there might be an underlying condition?	Additional Details Oh I forgot to mention that I do not mix the two drinks together ever!
Is my friend an alcoholic		He will drink in the afternoon twice a week, has shoplifted a lot of alcohol, two duis, goes to the bar two three nights a week, drinks by himself.		
Can you go a week without porn/masturbation, tobacco, alcohol, coffee, and any other addictive substance		15 million Mormons do (or at least try). How would you feel being free from addiction?		
How much alcohol could i drink		Its my 17th birthday on Saturday and I going out with friends and I was planning on drinking a bit. However, I dont usually drink properly so dont know my limits. Im skinny and weigh 8 stone. Im about 5 10" in height. Could someone tell me in units of alcohol or pints of your regular beer. I dont want to be completely drunk when I get home to my family		
Is it safe to mix gas and alcohol and drop a lit match into it			Additional Details This question was a joke, Im well aware of the consequences of trying something like this and I never plan to.	
Why do some religious people drink alcohol, but demonize drugs that are less dangerous		Is it mind altering thats considered demonic or something? And if it is, how is it much different than the euphoria you get after a couple of drinks?	Additional Details cocaine is for hookers. what about DMT?	
How much alcohol is in a miniature bottle Is it more than a shot		Is one bottle worth 1 shot? Also is 93 proof a lot?		
Will we be able to get alcohol 		So Im 17 but some say I look 18-19 and my bf is 18 turning 19 in jan 13 2014. Id really like to drink at a restaurant (casual and highend restaurants) to celebrate with him.we are In a ldr and he is leaving on the 11th of jan. Should we even try to order Alcohol? Btw im from canada legal age is 19		
Is it safe to clean my iphone 5 with strong alcohol wipes		My iPhone 5 has a screen protector so Im not really worried about it taking of the coating on the screen but with it harm the metal?		
How drink alcohol without my parents noticing			They have a bottle of a coconut alcoholic drink, and I want to drink it. I was thinking in leaving some and adding milk since its white. What should I do?	
In alcohol poisoning what stages do you go through before you die				
Is it allowed as a Muslim to work in in a licensed restaurant that sells alcohol 				
How to make alcohol///		The simplest way. At home		
Why did a grape taste like alcohol		Today in class I was eating grapes and I ate one and it was squishy on one small part and it tasted like alcohol. Was it rotten which gave it that taste?		
Epilepsy/Migraines mixed with alcohol		I am currently taking keppra, celexa, topamax, vitamin b6, and a prescription for migraines (only can be taken once a week) called Imitrex. I have never had a grand mal seizure, or any major type seizures. The EEG only showed myoclonic Jerks/seizures and the MRI showed a cyst on my templar lobe. I take most of these medicines for migraines, and the antidepressant was prescribed because the keppra gave me suicidal thoughts at first (those are now gone). I have only had maybe 2 myoclonic seizures. My question is, can I consume alcohol without it making me have a grand mal or passing out? What are the risks? Should I even drink? Not sure if we will binge drink since we are all young (with my friends, in our 20s) but what do you suggest for me?		
Are there any Irish Christmas desserts that dont have any alcohol in it		I need to make an Irish dessert that is eaten around Christmas time. want a dessert that doesnt have alcohol and is easy to make. Does such a dessert exist? If so, what is it?		
Does anyone have a recipe for cookie dough infused with alcohol They will not be baked, just left raw to eat!				
Low Alcohol Tolerance		I get totally wasted after about one shot of anything. I know I have a low tolerance for alcohol but that doesnt seem right. is it normal to have such a low tolerance for alcohol? Im not a kid so...		
What kind of alcohol do teenagers like				
Is Alcohol worse for you than Lorazepam (Including the withdrawal/lasting affects)		Comparing the two substances, which is worse?		
Do you think people are too quick to judge drug addicts/alcoholics,.....		.....when they themselves eat fast food? or emotionally eat to fill the same void drug addicts/alcoholics try to fill? I mean seriously, someone who eats processed food or take out food for every meal, is basically destroying their bodies just as much as someone who polishes off a 12 pack and a fifth of whiskey everyday. Whats the difference? bq: do you think high obesity rates in church going people, is from restraining themselves from basically everything(drugs/alcohol/sex/cigarettes/ ect.) BUT food?	Additional Details Joseph: youre not a funny troll, and Im not even a Christian. fail. Tadiashi: I think everyone has an addiction in one way or another, whether they admit it or not. I wasnt really asking if we should judge people who over eat, just pointing out they dont get as much crap as druggies or people who drink. I, myself, rather drink a fifth of whiskey instead of a Big Mac. I also like the ritual of drinking(pouring, smelling, sipping) over eating junk. Neither is better or worse, in my opinion. Jospeh: Im not being judgmental at all. Like I said, Im not asking if we should judge. I dont think anyone has the right to, unless its because theyre actually worried about someone. Im pointing out that people who overeat judge druggies/alcoholics, without seeing the hypocrisy. Nerdo: sorry to hear about that. no one deserves to go through that. my condolences.	
Is there any alcohol content in Jack Daniels Sauce		Just curious if there is any alcohol content at all in the TGI Fridays sauce. I think its called the glaze that I always get. I completely quit drinking alcohol a couple months ago and got completely sober so I dont want anything to wreck that! How can I find out if there is any in there. Also one person (only 1) said that on the website it says they dont use any alcohol for it or something. I dont know how true that is though. Like I said please give me some LEGIT answers. I ate about 2 or 3 little containers that they normally always bring your sauce out with. Please let me know, Thanks! Please only serious answers. Some say there is a little alcohol left in it and some say theres none at all. I just wanna make sure there is not a drop of alcohol or alcohol content in it! Please respond!		
How to be genuine, honest, and real without the aid of alcohol			Additional Details Girlyyyy, Id give you best answer but I dont know how. So, just take this in consideration of you being best comment, because I do....I do agree with your statement. Thank you.	
Is alcoholism hereditary			My mothers mom is a long time drunk, and my dad started drinking when he was in middle school before finally drinking himself to death when I was 4. I know his parents were/are both heavy drinkers as well. I was just wondering if alcoholism is hereditary so I know if I should be really careful or not. My mom has never drank, and her mom, as I said, is a hardcore drunk :p	Additional Details Im Native American. I know there are some talks that Natives handle alcohol differently than other races. Could that make it more likely to be passed down to me if it is hereditary?
Does all alcohol need to be chilled		Im pretty sure Vodka can be left out and doesnt need to be in the fridge, but what about wine and beer? also does it make a difference what the alcohol is in? For example a plastic bottle. Or does it just not really matter.		
POLL: Do you notice that alcohol makes you warmer, or colder				
How to get alcohol stains out of suit		I have a regular suit for work that I occasionally spill hand sanitizer on which leaves these hard to remove white stains. I have tried dry cleaning but no results.		
Underage alcohol at 5 star restaurants		Ive noticed really nice restaurants at hotels and such wont ID u if you buy a bottle. Im going to a rooftop place tmrw & my date is legal but Im 20. Do we think well be able to buy a bottle if he orders, especially if they offer their wine selection?		
Can rubbing alcohol penetrate an orange peel			Additional Details I may have gotten some sprinkles of rubbing alcohol on some of my mandarin oranges. Are they okay to eat as long as I wait a day or so???? I hope you see my additional details. Im worried.	
Theoretically, can alcohol cause a car to run				
My sgpt is 47 i dont any drugs nor drink alcohol. my doctor sayz its not ok is it really not ok				
I may have gotten some drops of rubbing alcohol on my oranges. If I wait a day or so can I safely eat them		I ask it here because the atheist side of the fence is also pretty scientifically minded and may know the answer. There is hardly anyone in the science and health sections.	Additional Details None of the oranges are peeled but Ive heard that orange peels are porous. Rubbing alcohol doesnt evaporate as fast in cold weather. Its been several hours since this happened so if any damage was done then its already happened.	
How long does alcohol stay in your system		im 17 and i got drunk the other day with about like 12% alcohol and whatnot but like im a psychiatric patient so theyll take a blood test will the alcohol stay in my blood after 24 hours ?		
Alcohol content in foods		Just curious if there is any alcohol content at all in the TGI Fridays sauce. I think its called the glaze that I always get. I completely quit drinking alcohol a couple months ago and got completely sober so I dont want anything to wreck that! How can I find out if there is any in there. Also one person (only 1) said that on the website it says they dont use any alcohol for it or something. I dont know how true that is though. Like I said please give me some LEGIT answers. I ate about 2 or 3 little containers that they normally always bring your sauce out with. Please let me know, Thanks! Please only serious answers. Some say there is a little alcohol left in it and some say theres none at all. I just wanna make sure there is not a drop of alcohol or alcohol content in it! Please respond! Also, is there alcohol in Chinese bourbon chicken. I have eaten it a few times at my favorite Chinese restaurant. Its a pretty quality restaurant too so do you think there is any in it or no?	Additional Details FRANK! I was trying to figure out how to post below you but I couldnt figure it out so I decided to do it here. I am not OBSESSED with alcohol. What it is, I finally completely stopped drinking a couple months ago, and I havent had a drop of alcohol since then and I dont EVER wanna drink again so I dont want ANY sort of alcohol in my system. I want my body completely substance free. I was just asking because it would really tick me off if I got a little in my system from food, thats all. I NEVER wanna drink again. I wanna be completely 100% sober for the rest of my life. Which is why I asked because as I said above it would really tick me off if a little got in my system from eating freaking food.... I understand its not enough to get me drunk etc, but just the fact that a little alcohol would be in my system from food would really piss me off. Like I said above *I DONT WANT ANYTHING AT ALL IN MY SYSTEM*	
Does alcohol evaporate faster than water				
Can you ship alcohol inside Indiana		Can you ship alcohol from one city in Indiana to another?	Additional Details I mean, can you get it delivered to you from a liquor store in Indiana or such?	
Isoniazid and alcohol question..please see		I am a 20 year old male who was told that I need to take Isoniazid after a positive TB test and a positive tb blood test too. First question, if there is a blood test available why doesnt everyone just do that since it is more accurate than the skin test? second, I enjoy drinking when I go out and not being able to drink for 6-8 months sucks. Before starting the medicine i checked my liver and it was perfectly healthy, I have been taking the medicine for about 2 months now. What would happen If i drank one night? in moderation just to get tipsy which for me is usually 1 cup of whisky as my body size is small. Will this cause damage to my liver? I have drank before while taking this medicine but in moderation and it was only once. Also, how would I know if there was something wrong with my liver? Would I show any symptoms?		
How to make windshield wiper fluid for winter that does not use alcohol				
Day 12 post tonsillectomy. Just curious, am i able to drink alcohol		When I look inside my mouth there is little to no scabs. I can swallow and chew hard foods without a problem. It does not hurt anymore. I dont use pain killers anymore either. I am almost back to my regular self. So I just wanted to know if I am able to drink beer and/or hard liquor.Just to remind you that it is day 12 post tonsillectomy. thanks		
What to do after drinking alcohol in hot tub			Anyway I drank like a 5% beer an hour before going to the hot tub and I was relaxing there for an hour and then when I came out I felt dizzy and I was sorta confused and not feeling right, what should I do now? I still feel this way, help!	
A beaker is filled to the 500 ml mark with alcohol. What increase in volume (in ml) does the beaker contain		A beaker is filled to the 500 ml mark with alcohol. What increase in volume (in ml) does the beaker contain when the temperature changes from 5? C to 30? C? (Neglect the expansion of the beaker, evaporation of alcohol and absorption of water vapor by alcohol.) ?alcohol = 1.12 ? 10?4/?C.		
Sleepwalking from alcohol		Ive been drinking for years. I know the difference between blacking out and sleepwalking. I had drank a lot, but not to the point of blacking out. I remember every single thing throughout the night, even going to bed. I sleepwalked into the next room thinking it was the bathroom. The next morning I was getting yelled at for almost peeing in someones bedroom. I did a little googling and only really found stories from people who were just blacked out. I truly believe I had been sleepwalking. I havent ever sleepwalked as far as my family can remember, and I can certainly hold my booze. I was definitely inebriated but not so sloshed that would have happened. It is more funny than anything else, but Im wondering if this is something I should watch out for? I sleep on the second floor, I dont want to tumble down my stairs.		
Can you drink alcohol if youre taking Prednisolone Tablets (Steriod) and Amoxicillin (antibiotic)		I have been prescribed by my doctor to take prednisolone tablets in the morning with my breakfast (8 tablets) and Amoxicillin 3 times a day with my 3 meals for my Asthma (Ill take the medication for a week) but Im having a girls night tomorrow night and were watching movies, having a Chinese and having drinks but Im not too sure if i can drink alcohol with the medication Im currently taking. Does anyone know and could help me? Thanks :)		
Is the alcohol industry doing well right now (2013) despite the economy struggles				
How do yall get alcohol under 21		Want to buy alcohol or obtain it somehow. Im not 21 yet.		
Does whiskey have more alcohol than wine				
Alcohol and Klonopin		So I took 2mg of klonopin today. My last dosage was at around noon. Is it safe for me to drink some beers since the dosage was about 10 1/2 hours ago? Or no?		
Only 13% of fatal car accidents are alcohol-related. Does drinking give me an 87% chance of survival				
Doctors tests to show the last time you drank alcohol		I quit drinking a long time ago and I just wanna see if there is some sort of test they can give someone to determine what the last day was that they drank. I remember the last night I drank I am just curious if they can trace it back that far. Like (date,time, how much, etc) I think I seen something like they can see pretty far back. Please serious answers only.		
Whats your favorite alcohol for the holidays Looking for something good this Christmas!	OsirisTheCat		Whats your drink of choice for the holidays? Were looking for a new drink. My boyfriend and I are burnt out on rum and whiskey so preferably nothing with that. Or I could make an exception if it sounds really good. We dont really wanna mess with having to mix too much stuff! Doesnt have to be super christmasy or anything.	
What would be the formula for calculating the most cost efficient alcoholic drink to buy		Lets say that theres a 700ml bottle of vodka for 30$ with 40% alcohol content versus TWO 750ml bottles of wine with 13% alcohol content for 6$ each. How would you calculate which was the better value for money going by how much alcohol you would be buying? Im basically trying to find a formula for buying alcohol at the cheapest price xD		
Please read my blog post about alcohol		Please let me know what you think. Thank you so much xx http://www.katfoxley.com/2013/12/why-can?		
Do alcoholics get hungover		I would love to drink every day, but I can only drink every other day due to the shitty feeling I get the day after drinking. How do people drink daily and still function?		
80mg of propranolol and alcohol 		Ive been taking 80mg of propranolol everyday for 8 days now (including today) Will anything bad happen if I drink alcohol tonight? What I understand is Alcohol and Propranolol both slow the heart down so maybe I could counter that with caffeine tonight and Ill be fine.	Additional Details My propranolol is for anxiety.	
Why does drinking alcohol make you tired		I dont drink a lot but had quite a bit yesterday and today I am really sluggish. Why is this? I didnt get drunk so dont have a hangover, it is just a feeling of sluggishness.		
How much is alcohol part or dating		Just curious, how important is drinking to your socialization when it comes to dating? Do you activities together often involve having a drink or more? Hard stuff, just a beer, wine? Do you go to bars, talk and drink for hours? Have just a few drinks to relax? Could you date someone who dosent drink much just because they dont like it, or would you consider that lame or anti-social?		
Is it safe to drink alcohol		So im going out today at 9pm and i just took 2 Pednisone (20mg each) right now at 7am, it was more than 12 hours so can i have a couple of drinks?? Im not a heavy drinker i just like having a couple of beers never more than 5 or 6.The reason im taking Pednisone is cause i had shrimp allergies on Tuesday but i feel completely normal but i was told to take the medicine until Saturday (tomorrow).I read a little online and a lot of people say there is no direct problem between Pednisone and alchohol but it still not recommended.		
Poll: Do you drink alcohol	Stewie Griffin		BQ: How much / How often ? BQ: What do you normally drink ? :)	
Isoniazid (TB medicine) & alcohol question (10 points for answer)		I am a 20 year old male who was told that I need to take Isoniazid after a positive TB test and a positive tb blood test too. First question, if there is a blood test available why doesnt everyone just do that since it is more accurate than the skin test? second, I enjoy drinking when I go out and not being able to drink for 6-8 months sucks. Before starting the medicine i checked my liver and it was perfectly healthy, I have been taking the medicine for about 2 months now. What would happen If i drank one night? in moderation just to get tipsy which for me is usually 1 cup of whisky as my body size is small. Will this cause damage to my liver? I have drank before while taking this medicine but in moderation and it was only once. Also, how would I know if there was something wrong with my liver? Would I show any symptoms?		
How much alcohol is in alcohol		how much alcohol is in pure alcohol. is there any water in it if so what percentage and what else do they put in? I googled and no results		
Can you be an alcoholic without ever drinking alcohol		Is it possible to be an alcoholic without having ever drunk alcohol in your life before?	Additional Details Or have alcoholism?	
Adderall, xanax, alcohol, and nicotine addiction - how best to quit		I am prescribed 20-30mg adderall xr (which I take in the morning) and 1 mg xanax (which I take in the evening). I usually have 3 - 4 drinks a night, smoke about a pack of cigarettes every few days, and use snus ( 2 - 4 pouches daily). I am 22 years old and about 170lbs. I am worried about both the long and short term effects of all these drugs on my mental and physical health. I quit tobacco told turkey about a week ago with no issues but am having a lot of trouble stopping the adderall and xanax. I have been taking adderall for over 2.5 years and xanax for about 3 months. Any advice on how best to quit and/or what effects these drugs could have would be much appreciated. Please no opinions, judging, or doctor/rehab recommendations. Im just hoping to crowdsource some educated advice/insight if possible. Thank you.		
Drinking alcohol after tylenol wears off		I took some tylenol about 5 hours ago so I think its mostly worn off. Ive heard youre not supposed to drink while taking tylenol, but what about after it wears off? I was going to meet up with some friends at a bar but I dont want to damage my liver. Well... any more than just alcohol without the tylenol...		
Is there a song you like that mentions alcohol in some way		Example, "Honky Tonk Women" by The Rolling Stones: "I met a gin-soaked barroom queen in Memphis...:		
Bringing alcohol in carry on		I am under 21 years old, which is illegal already, i am aware. But I am traveling from Philly to Puerto Rico and want to bring some vodka for me and my friends. Will i get caught or in trouble if i bring it in my carry on?	Additional Details **** i mean check in bag, not my carry on.	
Can i use green alcohol to clean my glass pipe		I was wondering if it has the same effect as normal clear alcohol as far as cleaning my glass pipe? Thanks		
Can I buy alcohol on the day of my 18th birthday (UK)		Its my 18th birthday soon and I was planning on getting some for the party, but would they sell it to me on my birthday or not as I will have only just turned it. And just out of interest does it make any difference if I buy a 6 pack of beer compared to a bottle of vodka for example. I mean because Im just 18 would they sell me the beer but not the vodka as it obviously has a much higher alcohol percentage or would they sell me anything alcoholic? Thanks :)		
General Anesthesia and Alcoholism		Today I found out the my father has a tumor in his sinuses and will be going in for surgery this coming Thursday. Apparently has known about it for a few weeks and is just telling everyone now. My father is an Alcoholic, and has been for the last 20+ years, he functions well most of the time as he is the owner of a few businesses with quite a few employees, but sometimes he is unable to get off the couch. My question is<SEMCOL> Will he need to quit drinking before the operation? And are the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal dangerous to someone under general anesthesia? We can tell him he needs to stop for at least a few days ( preferable forever), but he is a stubborn man with somewhat violent tendencies. If he refuses to quit drinking, will the surgical staff catch this before the surgery and postpone the operation until he sobers up? I have all the faith in the world is his doctors, just not that he will take any recommendations seriously and it has me worried.		
Is it ok that I took some alcohol on my period			I am 18 years old and I just got my period last month before my birthday, now Im on my second month and my third day of my period. I took some sips of a barcardi rum cooler cause I was in a bad mood and I forgot I was on my period. Will something bad happen that I had some sips of alcohol during my period	
Alcohol is probaby best high ever		who thinks so? i have tried lot of benzos, z-benzos,dxm,hallucinogens but simply alcohol can give you best feelings ever. it warms your heart, alerts your mind, you love everything, you are more loveful, imagination about your life,love becomes fun. yes many of the drugs give me alert , but nothing has given that warm feeling, when i am much more loveful. i just think dxm is more fun...but alcohol simply best?	Additional Details i dont lie... i have tried valium, alprazolam, zaleplon, zopiclone, dxm , benadryl and that kind of drugs...	
How long does it take for alcohol to leave your system		I have a UA on the 26th, and it is the 21st. Would getting drunk tonight show up on a UA test (In any level at all)? Because I went to an inpatient center for 1 month, just got out, then start Outpatient on the 26th.	Additional Details Im 53 and 110 pounds if that helps at all llolol with a high metabolism	
I have questions about alcohol abuse and denial.		When does "moderate" use of alcohol become alcohol abuse? Why are people who dont drink alcohol so quick to accuse you of being in denial if you consume more alcohol than they judge to be an acceptable amount? Why do some people so quick to claim you are in denial just because you disagree with them about your alcohol use? Please, only thoughtful and helpful responses/links are appreciated. No meanness or preaching. Thanks.		
Christians Did Jesus violate LAW (Torah) or Paul made him apear so.Alcohol Pork is Prohibited in Bible		A. Abstaining from alcohol Al-Quran 5:90 Proverbs 20:1 Ephesians 5:18 B. Abstaining from prohibited food Al-Quran 5:5 Al-Quran 2:173, 5:3, 6:145, 16:115 (i) Dead meat Leviticus 17:15 Deuteronomy 14:21 (ii) Blood Genesis 9:4, Leviticus 17:14, Deuteronomy 12:16, I Samuel 14:33, Acts 15:29 (iii) Pork is prohibited Leviticus 11:7-8 Deuteronomy 14:8 Isaiah 65:2-5 (vi) Food on which names beside God have been invoked Acts 15:29<SEMCOL> Revelation 2:14	Additional Details @Lee. Jews had a history of killing their won tribe Prophets.Nothing to do with violation of Torah. But Allah saved Jesus and lifted him Alive like Elijah. Jesus pbuh taught Torah to be followed in addition he was given Injeeel.(Gospel).Also he prophesised Muhammad saws. @Chi "Alcohol is not prohibited in the Bible. *Drunkenness* is prohibite". isnt it an OXYMORON? @Higgy Next time try to give relevant answer. @old timer Previous Messengers were only sent for their people and nation and their complete message was meant only for a particular time period. (ii) Moses (pbuh) was only sent for the Jews. (iii) Jesus (pbuh) sent only for the Jews i.e. lost sheep of Israel. Al-Quran 3:49 Mathew 10:5-6 Mathew 15:24 (iv) Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) is the Last and Final Messenger for the Whole of Mankind. Al-Quran 33:40 Al-Quran 21:107 Al-Quran 34:28 Sahih Bukhari Vol.1 Book of Salaah Chapter 56 Hadith No. 429 (v) Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) prophesised in the Bible. Al-Quran 7:157 Al-Quran 61:6 Deuteronomy 18:18 Isaiah 29:12 Song of Solomon 5:16 John 16:7 John 16:12-14	
What does it mean, there is no alcohol but I can smell it		Like I can smell it near my nose. There is no alcohol in my room?? Whats going on? Or Im nuts? :O		
Where can I buy everclear grain alcohol				
Do I drink to much alcohol		I started drinking 4 1/2 years ago when I turned 17. Since then Ive drank on average probably 2 nights a week and when I drink I drink anywhere between 6 and 12 drinks. Lately the day after I drink I feel some discomfort in my upper right abdomen where I think my liver is? Im not sure if Im imagining it since Im a paranoid person when it comes to my health. Do you think Ive done enough drinking to seriously damage my liver? Do I drink too much? I feel like I drink the same amount as a lot of other college students I know		
I drank rubbing alcohol 4 months ago		im 16, and i drank rubbing alcohol BY ACCIDENT AND I HAVE BEEN TO THE DOCTORS. It wasnt entirely my fault, i abused someones trust at their house with a friend and drank vodka when they were out (rubbing alcohol had been added to this for some reason idk), I know this was a stupid mistake but we are meant to be able to learn from things like this, but im scared that ive damaged myself. I didnt drink enough to get drunk off the mixture. Its been 3 months now really near 4, and its been giving me serious health anxiety. I didnt go to doctors at first because my friends persuaded me out of it, but i did tell my parents and we went to the doctor, ive had tests done including liver and kidney and anemia etc and they all came back fine. I had a urinalysis because i have bubbles which wouldnt go away in my urine and it came back fine. My brain continuously tells me that these tests were wrong, or that they were not done correctly, and i am obsessing over kidney disease. My symptoms include fatigue, loss of apetite, pains in my back which seem to come and go randomly all over, itchy skin, the skin on my face has become particuly bad it is rough and dry when it was usually completely fine. could i be ill from the rubbing alcohol? I have continued to worry about for a very long time now. When i drank the alcohol, nothing really happened, except a stomach ache that night which could of been due to extreme paranoia and my eyes were sore, which could of been from staring at screens a lot. I also had my eyes tested and they were fine. I am just so worried i have done something really really stupid, and if i have damaged myself i dont think i can ever forgive myself and i know others wont either. Could this all be paranoia, or is it real? Just a couple of days ago, i touched my face, and now i cant stop touching it and prodding because ive convinced myself my face is swollen and puffy meaning facial edema, i dont know what to do. I do things like check my hands and feet many times through out the day for edema because its a symptom of kidney disease. I just cant stop obsessing over this, and im still terrified i am dying. I wish this never happened, but it did, and now i dont know if i need to ask for more tests, or see some sort of therapist if this really is all in my head. Thank you for any help or advice you offer. I am not asking for a medical diagnosis, but only advice or personal opinions on what i need to do to get through this period in my life with out losing it.		
Can I bring alcohol in my CHECKED luggage underage		so Im flying domestically tomorrow and I packed some vodka in a coke bottle in my CHECKED luggage (didnt have the original bottle anyways) not my carry-on, what are the chances they will question me/I will get in trouble? Im going with a group and I would get in HUGE trouble if any of the chaperones found out, however if theres only a very small small chance I will get caught I would love to bring it. Thanks!		
Am i an ALCOHOLIC AND are these presents to MEAN as ive no money. PLEASE ANSWER		I look after two sick parents on my own Monday to Friday. I do not have any family or siblings. Im 39yr old female. My father has a lung disease and has been in hospital 7 times this year. He is currently in. Its a terrible disease with breathing and very stressful. He is also an outdoors individual and has a big farm where he is currently paying people to look after. My mother has a serious and complex psychriatic condition. They have a little money so I can get away on Friday evening until MOnday morning at the moment. I would have always worked since 18 until 2yrs ago when they both became very ill. They are also rude, agressive and not easy to deal with. I get terrible abuse from them both. But i love them to death. The thing is it is all too much and i suffer from terrible anxiety and tearful outbursts. When i arrive back to my partner ( 2 hrs away) where we always lived this past 13yrs, i hit the wine hard. I find solace in alcohol when i return from the caring role. I never want to drink during week when i have resonsibilties. Am i an alcoholic? Also i have bought a plethora xmas gifts for everyone who helps me in bad times. I spent 40 euro on 5 people and for the nurses in dads GP practice i bought them each an 11 euro shower gel as a token gesture...is this too mean. Please advise, very stressed.		
Why is weed illegal and alcohol legal		Why is weed illegal and alcohol legal when alcohol is the most lethal drug ive ever used (not that im a druggie)		
Do alcoholics only show their behaviour to those they love		My bf tried his best to not contact me drunk but there were times that he would He would seem to be a different person like it was his true self. Normally he would not open up. And he would go in quiet moods where he would not talk His parents hardly see him intoxicated but I used to. I would spend a long tone talking or messaging him. Not know what was best. He loved and trusted me maybe thats why.		
I want to apply for a city jail but im 21 and i have had alcohol several times under 21		I know most city jails and police departments have you fill out a packet with personal information and alcohol consumption is on there. Ive had a few beers here and there but that was in late high school and early college. Ill be 21 in less than a month but what are the chances that this can hurt me from getting the job?		
What will happen if my mate buys under age alcohol		My mate has been buying under age people alcohol I was woundering if she gets caught by the police what will happen. It would be first time she been in trouble with the police. This is in uk Thanks for any answers		
Have you ever had alcohol		It is against my religion. BQ: What does it taste like?		
Will I get tested for alcohol		I got in trouble with marijuana over the summer and as a result Im in a plea of abeyance where I have to go in and get tested on a weekly basis. Each and every test is $10. Do you think they will test for alcohol aswell since its only a $10 fee? Ive heard most alcohol tests (ETGs) cost around $35. So what do you guys think? Thanks!		
Can I get drunk off of .8% of alcohol		Im drinking a Bud Light Straw.Ber.Rita		
Can you put alcohol in hot chocolate		If so, what negative affects could it have on the taste/consistency depending on what I use to make it (milk/water)? What kind of alcohol/liqueur do you suggest? If you have a favorite recipe, what is it?		
Why do people make a weird face when they drink hard alcohol		In movies people make a weird face like it hurts or something why do they make a face?		
How to get over my alcohol problem		I always drink beer and sometimes even semi-drunk at work.If I dont beer then I get depressed.		
Why are some products such as cigarettes, public utilities and alcohol singled out for additional taxes		I am doing a paper on selective sales tax and trying to figure out why some products have selective sales tax. I know for the cigarettes and tobaccos it is likely because of health concerns. However, I am not sure why public utilities and amusements also have sales taxes. Please assist. Thanks in advance.		
Guys: if a good looking girl asked you to buy alcohol for her, would you		she says she forgot her wallet which had her ID in it. so, would you?		
Why do you use rubbing alcohol when your leg hurts		I dont know what it is but whenever my leg hurts I put rubbing alcohol on my leg and it relieves it and it makes me feel so much relaxed. Why is that? And what is the "pain" ?		
A person with a bac of o.o8 is considered legally intoxicated. which behaviour can lower ther blood alcohol				
Alcohol advice ....		Hi. Im 21 and a alcoholic, I drink every day heavily and if I dont drink my throat burns, I feel dizzy, and I keep blacking out. My drinking has effected friendships I get real moody and treat people badly. Wondering if anyone knows any way I can get help for this? I cant afford rehab I have heard its very expensive, and please dont just say stop drinking its not that easy. Thank you		
What is your favorite alcohol		I normally stick to vokda, but I tried straight Southern Comfort tonight and it was damn delicious, its my new favorite. Whats your favorite?		
How long till alcohol not show on a piss test				
I dont have any health insurance. Afer vomiting alcohol. The back and front of my chest hurts				
Smuggling alcohol help Lol		Will they send me to jail for smuggling drugs if I bring alcohol from a country of a drinking age of 18? Would I get caught if I just didnt list it on the claims of whatever		
Bringing alcohol in checked luggage underage		Im going to Peru and I want to bring Peruvian alcohol (Pisco Sour) in my checked luggage. Will I get caught? Im traveling alone and Im 20 years old and 4 months, and its getting ridiculous that the drinking age is 21 in the U.S. What are the risks?		
Isnt people living in Cold regions cant survive without Drinking Alcohol and smoking Cigarettes				
What makes alcohol molecules different from water molecules				
What can happen if I put 70% Alcohol on my penis			I just put 70% Alcohol on my penis, it hurt it is red and i think it also got inside balls... What can happen ? Can I get cancer or something?	
Whats the alcohol percentage in Chateau Julien Chardonnay			Is it 13.5% like most Chardonnay wines? (because Im use to ordering Chateau Ste. Michelle Chardonnay - which I know is 13.5) Its amazing how they sell these, but never include all the details.	Additional Details http://www.wineexpress.com/shopping/prod?
If i took equate nite time will i pass a etg alcohol test the next day				
Why the electrolyte of this cell must be acid to react with alcohol		1. Why the electrolyte of this cell must be acid to react with alcohol? Cathode: platinum anode: platinum http://u.jimdo.com/www52/o/sc10897969bb6a5f1/img/i8e8f811081b01fb9/1373196298/std/image.jpg 2. Can react the battery with gases? how reacts the battery ? (I thought that only reacted with liquid) I hope you can help me. Thanks you		
My bf broke up with me..if you have a hard family life style like alcohol or gambling please help guys too		My bf is great and he really wanted me to come over for xmas. After he broke up with me we finally talked about why. His step dad is a lot like my dad alcohol you name the works and pretty bad environment with verbal abuse going on. He is basically playing a father role with his little 3 and 4 year old brother. I know how hard that can be because when I was 8 I took care of my brothers whenever my dad disappeare4d and drank. I know my boyfriend doesnt handle stress right now and has a lot on his plate with two jobs and this going on because right now his parents are fighting and probably canceling Christmas. I know thats why he broke up with me because he needs to focus on that right now. I understand how hard it is to be in that kind of environment. He and I are so similar and neither of us talks to our real fathers and have taken on roles of parenthood at different times in our lives and I know thats why he doesnt want kids cause he has to take care of his brothers. because we just broke up I know its best to give him his space I know he didnt want to and wanted to still be friends but that is too hard for me. I did text him letting him know I could be there for him if he ever needs to talk because I understand what he is going through. At the same time I wanted to give him what he wants, while respecting his space. He knows I have hi9s xmas presents. Guys especially is there anything else I can do? I really love him and know how hard that kind of environment is around the holidays. What is shows how responsible he is, he doesnt go out and party because of his step dad and how it affects his family. I told him I admire that about him. Thanks for the help : )	Additional Details Thank you for saying that. I told him I understand how embarrassing it is. I just left if with a kind of long text. LOL. Letting him I know I care while respecting his space. : )	
How do I learn to like alcohol		Im 21 years old. In my life I have been drunk 3 times. All three times I was drunk for an hour or so then I began throwing up and I was miserable the entire night and the next day. But see I dont recall drinking very much each time. Like my friend mixed rum and coke in a 20 oz coke bottle and the 2 of us shared it. We didnt even drink all of it and I was definitely drunk. Also I have an extreme taste aversion to alcohol. The smell even makes me want to gag. People will hand me drinks and claim you cant taste the alcohol and I ALWAYS can. If my bf drank any type of alcohol then tried to kiss me I couldnt do it haha. Its not that I want to party and drink all the time, but I would really like to be able to enjoy drinking with my friends every once and a while. Any tips on how to overcome this, or should I give up on ever liking alcohol.		
Anybody have any ideas for non-alcoholic drinks for Christmas			Im very open to ideas. Non-alcoholic is very important since there will be children there.	
What do you think about M & S allowing muslims not to serve people with pork and alcohol		Their facebook page has been inundated with vitriolic responses to this with thousands of people saying they will boycott M & S stores. People are saying that Christian staff shouldnt have to serve transvestites with womens underwear. Have M & S dug a big hole for themselves?.		
I have started drinking alcohol that I like but I want to stop		I am 18 and recently I have started drinking alcohol in order to fit in and become more sociable. However, the weird thing is even though the alcohol I drink, koppaberg fruit cider, is nice and I like the taste tbh I really want to go back to drinking just soft drinks. I dont know what it is I mean I like but but I dont really want to drink I want to be different. I only started drinking them because I was finding socialising at uni hard but now Ive made friends I dont feel the need to drink anymore and I feel like Ive tried it and want to stop doing it now. I have no interest in drinking to get drunk so I dont care what people think. Is this a weird thing to be thinking or am I neigh rational? Any help or advice would be appreciated :)		
Do Republicans or Democrats tend to drink more alcohol based on surveys				
I know alcohol thins blood, so what alcohol can you drink to get drunk but keep your blood pretty thick		The reason im asking is because me and my girlfriend have sex after nights out and obviously we have both been drinking, but I dont like drinking too much because it thins my blood making it harder to maintain an erection, so what alcohol would be the best to consume if the intention was to get drunk? Beer, jagerbombs, what?		
How do i make alcohol taste good		Hi , Im 16 and im wondering how do i make alcohol taste better , the taste is horrible and it smells bad too (yes i know its bad so dont comment on saying dont do it and stuff i hardly ever drink maybe once in 7 months i dont like it i prefer smoking weed but i dont have any at the moment) the alcohol i have avaliable to me is 40% alc bacardi rum people told me that if u mix alcohol with orange juice it takes out the bad taste		
How much alcohol will get me tipsy		Hi im 16 and im 140 pounds , low tolerance probably only drank properly maybe 2 times lol so the last time i drank i had a big glass poured almost half way of 40% alc whisky rest with coke and i thought i could handle it the first 40 mins were great but then i threw up like 8 times and in the morning i felt so bad and hangover , But this time i only got 40% alc bacardi rum so how much you think i need to get tipsy		
What is consider alcohol abuse				
How will alcohol affect my medications			I am on depakote, resperdal, doxycycline, and zoloft. Thanks!	
I need alcohol now!!!			Im 17, from England, so itss not legal for me to buy alcohol yet and I dont turn 18 for 3 months. I used to steal some of my parents every night as I loved the effect so much. i forget everything, drink alone, just relax and feel so good. And then I got caught and my mum went mad and nearly kicked me out, and I stopped totally for over a month. But now Ive started again but theres not enough for me to take to get any effect from it without getting caught again. But I love it, and I need it now, and I cant get enough. Im considering just drinking as much as possible tonight so yes I get caught but at least I have a good night. Im not 18 for so long it seems and I cant wait that long :(. Im desperate now, and Im so close to just downing as much as possible and worrying about the consequences in the morning. I can add more detail if you need. Please help :( And no my name isnt fvvfvfvf, I just needed to create an account quickly.	Additional Details This may sound stupid but it seems to me that if I drink a little, theyll be angry. Whereas if I drink so much I throw up and/or pass out then theyre more likely to be worried and not angry, so I get off better. I dont know I dont know what Im thinking.
My friend took some pills and alcohol will she be ok 			My friend took 4 tylonel pupils with are each 500mg so total thats 2000mg and said she took a little alcohol with it.. Will she be ok ? Could she die?	
High tolerance to medication and alcohol			Recently I sprained my chest wall and was prescribed Vicodin and Tramadol for the pain. I dont drink very often maybe once or twice a month and I take wellbutrin, voltarin, and prilosec everyday. I am 110lbs and 22 years old. All of a sudden I cant even get the slightest bit tipsy when a glass of wine would be enough to give me a good buzz and the pain medication doesnt feel like it is effecting me at all. I dont feel tired or the usual buzz medicine like that gives me. I usually have zero tolerance for medication, even tylenol pm knocks me out within minutes but its like nothing is giving me any reaction. Any suggestions as to what is going on?	
MATH HELPASE . Recall that Blood Alcohol Content (BAC) is a measurement of how much alcohol is in someone?s bl			Recall that Blood Alcohol Content (BAC) is a measurement of how much alcohol is in someone?s blood as a percentage. However, police and the public typically omit the language for % when quoting the BAC and simply say, "BAC is 0.04." Write an interpretation of what each of the following BAC values means in terms of how much alcohol is in the bloodstream in the form of the amount of alcohol per 1,000 grams of blood. You may want to refer back to the example in the lesson. BAC = 0.1 BLANK gram of alcohol for every 1,000 grams of blood. BAC = 0.02 BLANK gram of alcohol for every 1,000 grams of blood.	
Will one shot of alcohol calm my nerves		Im an anxious person when it comes to almost anything. Would just one shot help me? I know this is a bad way to help sooth the soul, but just asking.	Additional Details Im a 20 year old female, 55" and weigh 125lbs	
Turn red when i consume alcohol		i get the "asian glow" when i drink a little alcohol. i heard that if you take heartburn medicine an hour before you drink it prevents you from turning red. how true is it and if so what kind of heartburn medicine should i get?		
Why do i seem to always get cold symptoms..when ever i over drink alcohol		xo yesterday it was a public holiday..back here and i kinda had a lot to drink...how ever...i fil lyk a cold is coming up...but then again my hangovers come with the cold symptoms...wat is goin on		
Why do people drink alcohol		why?		
Stress and alcohol 5 days late :( 		Had last period on 25th november 2013 im 5 days late today & past 2 days i had bad cramps like im ready to come on any time no but havent! I havent been ill or no signs of pregnancy & me & my boyfriend had sex since my last period once & that was with protection! I have been drinking alcohol couple times since my last period & i have been majorly stressed out due to family problems, & im stressing out more now because im late & when i do i start get my panic attacks which i suffer with that inall! I keep thinking im pregnant everytime im late ! Anyone else had this please ? Thanks		
If i drank last wednesday, is the alcohol still in my system				
Is it safe to pour rubbing alcohol down the drain				
My liver ultrasound shows mild coarseness. I have quit alcohol and losing weight. Please help. I am 35				
Will I get in trouble if i have alcohol in my student film if Im 18		Im planning on making a bunch of buddy films heavily influenced on drugs and alcohol and wanted to know if i could get in trouble? And has someone doing this gotten in trouble before? thanks!		
Where can i buy alcohol at online				
What should I do about getting caught with alcohol in the dorm		So my friends and I decided to celebrate the end of finals by having some fun with alcohol in one of my friends dorm room. After a while, my boyfriend and I left. I then got a call about 15 minutes later from one of my friends that said that the RA had come into the room and busted them. I assumed because I was not there, I was safe. However, I received an email today that said that I was involved in an incident on Thursday night (about 4 days ago) and will be having a meeting along with everyone else involved. I asked my friends how the RA found out I was there and they swore they did not give out my name and were just as confused as I was. My guess are cameras because it was the last night before finals and no one was in the dorm. So how should I go about this? They cant prove I was drinking, but I dont want to be a coward and throw my friends under the bus. Thank you!		
How long does alcohol stay in youre system FOR DRUG TESTING		1 24 OZ BEER TWO DAYS PRIOR THEN 2 REMY SHOTS FOR probation urine and swab		
What is the cause of alcoholism		Besides addiction to alcohol obviously but what causes the addiction to alcohol?		
Can alcoholism or alcohol abuse cause HIV		I know drug abuse can but what about alcohol abuse		
Why do alcoholic individuals tend to refuse help				
Why does alcoholism tend to run in families				
How would alcohol affect someone in zero gravity		Have the astronauts ever conducted this (fun for a change) experiment?		
Help!!!! Benadryl and alcohol!!!!!!		I need a quick answer. I took one benadryl 8 hrs ago and just had a 1/2 tsp shot of vodka. Will I be okay?!?!?!?!		
Does jams drug test $9 test test for alcohol or just drugs the breathalyzer is apart of that $9		I had 5 beers on sun morning between 5-6a.m went to sleep then woke up around 12 and had another beer between 1-2p.m on Sunday afternoon I then went through my day woke up around 6a.m Monday morning and was called to test at jams Monday morning. Their test consist of a breathalyzer/drug test. I arrived at the testing facility around 830 a.m and took. Took my breathalyzer and blew a 0.0and peed in a cup. My question is if the drug test would test me for alcohol and would I pass, mind you this is not an etg test.		
Cleaning with Windex, soap and rubbing alcohol		I had some adhesive on my mirror and couldnt get it off to save my life..so I coated it with coconut oil, then sprayed some generic glass cleaner, then sprayed some cooking spray, glass cleaner, then wiped it with some soapy water, and rubbed the remaining adhesive with some rubbing alcohol..is that okay? Our was it a total mistake to do that? Meaning fumes wise?		
Can you consume alcohol in the early stages of taking anti-depressants		Im 19 years old and I just started taking an anti-depressant called Zoloft for social anxiety. I just want to know if its safe to drink alcohol when you first start taking these? Thanks.		
I really like the smell of hand sanitizer and rubbing alcohol. Is that a bad thing, am I wierd and the only 1.		its just really good smelling and i like the smell a lot. I just feel good smelling it. Sometimes its to get the rush i get from it others its just cuz it smells so good. No rude comments please.		
Atheists: how would you respond if muslims wanted to ban pork and alcohol in your country			Additional Details if they did ban pork what would happen to the pigs?	
Is it normal to feel shaky after a night of drinking alcohol		I went out last night was drinking for about 7-8 hours since I woke up I have felt very shaky I have the normal hang over feelings upset tummy bad head dry etc but never felt like this before whats going on??		
Which alcohol has the greater enthalpy, ethanol or propanol		and why?		
Im 19..Am i a alcoholic		when i go out i dont stop drinking until i run out of money i always get really drunk, i dont drink everyday usually on the weekends when i go out i always want to drink when there is a social scene happening, i feel like it is boring otherwise ..i get into drama with friends when drink is involved and it still doesnt stop me, i use it for confidence i think and to feel comfortable in myself... Recently i was told i was throwing around my friends stuff in a club laughing like a really close friend of mine which i would never dream of doing that to her sober. I was so shocked when she started messaging me the next day falling out with me im a complete different person with drink on me but if i go out i couldnt NOT drink..i just dont want to cause drama anymore.		
Bringing alcohol on flight outside of the US		This week Im flying from San Francisco to Frankfurt, Germany. Im 18 (turning 19 in a couple weeks). Im visiting my best friend over there, and Germany doesnt have fireball whiskey, so thats what I want to get him for Christmas because its his favorite and its not sold in Germany. So I want to take my bottle of unopened fireball with me. Is it illegal for me to take the alcohol out of the US if Im underage? Or will TSA really even notice it if its in my checked in luggage? I have a 1 hour layover in Dallas by the way. Thanks.		
Why is it so weird that I dont drink alcohol	Who Me		I drink very minimally, maybe one glass of wine once a year. I am not a big fan of how I feel, I dont get hyped up or relaxed, rather I go from outgoing, happy to down, confused. Plus Im prone to anxiety, so I avoid triggers. I never made anyone feel uncomfortable about not drinking. My decision isnt a moral one, so why would I put down anyone for doing something that I dont think is wrong (and even if I did, I wouldnt be vocal about it). But people seem offended when I dont drink, some of them are on a personal challenge to get me drunk. Whats up with that?	
Percentage of alcohol question...		What percentage of alcohol does one shot of crown royal have? Just the regular not the special ones.		
How long after drinking will alcohol show up in a urine test		I know whos testing most likely sends to a lab for insurance covered drug testing. they said they are gonna test for alcohol too when I get back. how long will alcohol be found in my urine? I dont think they will do a big expensive test. they may even do a on the spot urine test cup.		
Christians Alcohol Sale is very very high during Christmas.Did Jesus teach you to consume alcohol		According to Bible "Drunkenness" is prohibited. what does it mean if it doesnot prohibit alcohol?	Additional Details @Don According to Quran he didnot die yet.He will return and then kill Anti christ and then die naturally. @Witnesso Citation for contradiction. if any... How can you be fooled so easily by the corrupt bible? Why would a Prophet teach his followers to drink wine? alcohol etc? No wonder intellectuals realising fast and becoming muslims enmasse.	
Boyfriend going to turn into an alcoholic		My boyfriend and I are in our early 20s and we each still live with our parents still until we decide what we want. Which isnt happening so smoothly. His parents always have, and still do, smoke and drink A LOT. So bad they get hammered every night and dont eat dinner because theyll have no room for more beer. His mother definitely smoked (and probably drank) during her whole pregnancy and both of them smoked in the house with him from a baby until now. Hes starting to be exactly like that. He drinks every weekend to the point where he is OUT when he touches the bed. I could take a sledge hammer and bash all 4 walls down in the winter and he wouldnt notice a damn thing. Ive talked to him numerous amounts of time that if he doesnt stop drinking so much I will leave him. Ive been completely honest with him and told him I absolutly refuse to live like his parents or date someone like them. There will be no smoking around my future children under any circumstances and they definitely wont know what an alcoholic parent is. But were perfect for eachother. Ive never been happier (when hes sober). But the drinking needs to stop. His whole family, beyond his parents, drinks like a fish in water and I just cant be with someone like that. I know I cant change someone but Im not asking him to cut his hair or dress in suits everyday or change something thats just HIM. Im asking him to not ruin his life like his parents and so many other people do with alcohol and he just doesnt see an issue with the way he is with it. What can I do?		
In Canada, is it illegal to give a minor alcohol		Just in relative. Not the province or territory. Thank you!	Additional Details Okay :) thank god I asked first. Thank you guys! Okay :) thank god I asked first. Thank you guys!	
Want to leave my alcoholic husband		Hi I have been married to my husband 13 years and he has always liked his alcohol especially whisky. Things have got worse over the years recently when has drank whisky he swears at me and tells me hates me. In the past he has hit me .Then later in the day he changes back to the normal person he was I cant handle this anymore. At present I am not enjoying Xmas because it started again I am so upset and fed up I feel just like walking out the door. Whats stopping is where do I go? I have no children but I do have a lovely labrador puppy which I do not want to leave. He is an alcoholic and drinks and drive so there is no way I am leaving my dog. Can someone help me?		
About 3 days Im Gonna get my belly pierced and I wanna know why I can not drink alcohol after that		Hello. About 3 days Im Gonna get my belly buttom pierced and I read that I can not drink alcohol for a while after I get it. And I wanna know what is the reason? Because Im going to celebrate the new year and Im gonna drink ......		
Not 21, possession of alcohol		My friend and I were smoking marijuana in my car, we were parked on a main street. I was not in the drivers seat, neither was my friend. I was sitting in the back seat, friend was in the passengers seat. Keys are not in the ignition. Both of us are 20. The officers then ask if I have anything else in the car. I tell them that I have 3 unopened beers and an empty bottle of Graygoose in my trunk. He asks if he can search my trunk, I nod yes and they took the 3 unopened beers plus the bottle of Graygoose. He then gives me a 23222 (b) vc and a 23224 (a) vc. Any way out of this? Best advice? Thanks!		
Does Islam really forbid alcohol consumption		I know that alcohol is medically bad for you and harmful to your body. And also causes antisocial and violent behaviour. But it is important to know whether my religion actually bans it. Quran 2:219?They ask you concerning alcoholic drinks and games of chance. Say: in them are harm and goods for men, but their harms exeeds their good effects.? (doesnt say that you arent allowed to drink and doesnt seem to be so attacking) Quran 4:43?Do not approach prayers while you are drunk.? (if you arent allowed to drink in the first place, then why does the holy book mention this ?) Such passages always make me question whether it is actually banned in Islam to drink alcohol. Quran doesnt seem to be that harsh on alcohol. Take pork as an example, it is clearly mentioned that you arent allowed to eat pork but this isnt the case with alcohol. Id really appreciate it my fellow muslims could help me with this.		
Why would a muslim NOT serve alcohol in western store, but muslims would take social security		which would come from the tax money of haram goods such as swine, alcohol, cigarettes etc? why live in a country or work in a shop that sells haram? are these people capable of thinking? or completely gone in defending islam all the time?	Additional Details I am asking muslims here, they are hiding behind christians who they kill in their countries such as pakistan,egypt,syria. @E.S., Muhammad forbade the selling,or consumtion of alcohol, and the use use of any money obtained from haram goods. lovetamaris is trying to be clever, and a hypocrite. @es, ah, so youre a muslim. lol. no wonder. @Todd, yes, are we expected to respect islam? Are we to stop eating in public during ramadan, stop using alcohol, stop male and females from interacting? segregate schools, veil women, where does this stop? everything offends islam. they dont respect any religion in their countries. Look at the muslims here, they try to be very clever in giving ridiculous answers just to uphold their stupid ideas. @ lovetamaris. LOL LOL LOL...we are now racists and phobes for asking legitimate questions, truly as a muslim your brain has be diseccted by an arab 7th century man. @Lovetamaris... ohhh....you poor muslim has a need to point out my typo error more urgently than anything else of any value or content. what a joke.	
What kind of bodily mutation would help a person withstand more alcohol		We know Jessica Curphey who was born with 4 kidneys, meaning her body is cleansed of the stuff that causes hangovers faster than normal people. But what I want to know now is, what kind of bodily mutation could help a human withstand more alcohol before getting drunk. Like an extra organ etc. perhaps?		
How long after taking 30mg of paxil can I drink alcohol		I do t drink all the time just Xmas and new years I didnt take it today cause I new Id Drink I had 5 shots if I take 20mg in the morning can I drink by diner		
Why does alcohol make me turn into a fool		Alcohol makes me dance and rage hardcore and I feel so embarrassed because everyone else was just kind of stupid drunk and I was just going all out.		
Should I see a doctor about possible alcohol poisoning		On Saturday night I went to a party and had too much to drink. I went there without having any food that day, I drank an entire Mickey of Smirnoff vodka within 40 minutes, i also had some beer and shots of god knows what. I threw up and passed out. Its almost Wednesday and Im still throwing up and unable to eat. I also have really bad headaches. Should I see a doctor? My mom thinks I have alcohol poisoning. In 16, female, 5"10 and 150 pounds. Aldo couldnt move and have a huge bump on my head of which I dont know how I got		
Is it illegal to try and buy alcohol if youre under age		If I went into a store, got a bottle of wine and went to check out, if they asked for an ID at the register, would be illegal for me to say "oh, I left it in my car. Can you hold this here for me while I go get it?" and then just leave? is that illegal? is there any chance at all that the cashier would actually just let me take the alcohol? thanks!!		
Will excessive alcohol consumption cure my cold		Ive had a cold lately with lots of mucus and a sore throat. Ive been drinking a lot tonight in celebration of the holidays, of course! Now Im not stuffed up. Have I found a cure???	Additional Details I wanted something Christmassy, so Ive got vodka, cranberry juice, and mint leaves. I feel like quite tha bar tender! I can break out the whiskey too if you really think it will help, though!	
Is it normal for concussion symptoms to return from drinking alcohol		I received a concussion 2 weeks ago and the symptoms were lingering a little but have returned after drinking alcohol, i have also been experiencing anxiety about a week after my concussion		
How early should i start drinking alcohol today				
How much would Whiskey (40% alcohol) would I have to consume to get tipsy/drunk/buzzed		Im a 17 going on 18 year-old female, in Canada, just had a regular sized meal, about 5"5, 117 pounds.		
I drank 2-3 alcoholic drinks nine hours ago, ate dinner and drank water, and just took a sleeping pill. Is		that alright?		
Is my mom an alcoholic		Well my entire life my mom never drank alcohol. This was because she used to be an alcoholic and ended up in rehab when she was 24 or 25, but I was born around ten years later and never experienced her drinking alcohol. She started drinking again in around September and at first it was just a glass or two of gin and wine but then one night in October she drank THREE bottles of wine to herself?! She couldnt talk or walk straight and she was dribbling everywhere. Me and my sister who is 13 were really scared and she started crying so I called my dad. My parents are separated and my dad lives closely so he came over. After that night I was so so angry and upset. The next day my mom apologised and everything was somewhat fine again. She was drinking a lot, even during the week after work at night. When my sister and I confronted her she would shout at us. She didnt get that drunk again but shed often get tipsy. My parents dont really have a good relationship and my dad says shes an alcoholic and my mom says that Im paranoid but Im not. Shes even telling me that Im imagining her glasses of coke and vodka?? This cannot be normal and its making me feel really depressed. I keep trying to tell her how I feel and about two weeks ago she promised that she wouldnt drink in secret anymore. So she stuck to it for a few days but then I noticed she was doing it again. Last night, the one night which was Christmas Eve I asked here if she wouldnt drink. She said fine and then ewe went to bed at the same time after cleaning up the house. She said she was going for a bath so I said fine and went into my room. I heard her going down stairs so I couldnt resist following her down because I knew exactly what she was up to. She had coke and something(either gin or vodka) in with her coke. She got really angry when I asked her what it was and she started shouting then my 13 year old sister came down. When I told her what happened I turned back around and the drink was gone! My mom said I was imagining it ? It was ridiculous! I cant take it anymore. I love my mom so much and she does everything for us and shes exhausted. But the way shes drinking really upsets me so much cause I get angry with her and I hate being angry with her. I just feel so betrayed because shes drinking in secret again. I know its Christmas Day but I really need someone to please read this and help me ?? Thank you so much if youve read all of this ! So is my mom an alcoholic and what do I do?		
Antidepressant and alcohol		I started taking an antidepressant early March and Ive just finished taking it. I only just realised I did drink alcohol (not much, a couple of times) while I was on antidepressant but I did not seem to have any bad reaction to that. Can the reaction still kick in or am I just lucky??		
Non-alcoholic fosters		It it possible to get non alcoholic fosters anyone, i google it online but it doesnt seem to exist can anyone help me please would be much appreciated thanks		
So, tell me, tell me! What are you having for Xmas dinner What about sweets/deserts What about alcohol		I love knowing what people are eating, lol. For us its roast turkey (cooked it last night - monster of a thing), roast joint of beef, roast leg of lamb. Potatoes, sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, carrots. Maybe some coleslaw. Deserts/sweets are mince pies, plum pudding and brandy cream, trifle, fresh fruit flan. Alcohol - were not so big into drinking at home - Irish cream, G&Ts, Strawberry & Lime cider. We were gonna get wine with the meal but we seldom drink it and always end up throwing it out. I was raised Catholic but atheist these days but simply out of tradition than anything else still have a nice meal on Xmas day. My wife is Eastern Orthodox but non-practicing, they dont celebrate Xmas day on the 25th. Think Orthodox celebrate Xmas on the 6th or 7th of January. New Years is more a big thing for her, and me these days...Thanks.	Additional Details And mint sauce for the lamb and cranberry sauce for the turkey. I love roast lamb, my wife hates it, all mine, lol : )	
Does the calories in alcohol put on the same weight as the food equivalent		Eg I drink a whole bottle of disserano which is 3000 calories will I put on the same weight as a would if I ate 3000 calories worth of pizza?		
Will alcohol make me tired		I have real difficulty sleeping sometimes and I was wondering if I drink a little bit of say port or wine will I fall asleep? I really need to just fall asleep its like 12:03AM now.		
Can nd sell alcohol on Christmas		Are alcohol sales legal in minot nd on Christmas		
Resperdone and alcohol		ive had half a glass of champagne. is it safe to take my resperdone tonight?		
Paracetamol and Alcohol		Ive had 6 units of Alcahol (3 ciders) and 2 paracetamol, will I be alright?		
Why does alcohol make me cry		I dont drink a lot only at Christmas and new year. I have a history of sever depression. I used to cut myself and have attempted suicide. I am not perfectly happy but not as bad as I was. When I drink I start off happy then later I just break down and cry. Even though the alcohol makes me cry I still want more of it.		
Why do we add the amylic alcohol in the Gerber method		why do we add the amylic alcohol in the Gerber method? ( wich is used to quantify the amount of fat within the milk) And what are the chemical reactions that took place ( with structural formula)?		
Hydrocodone and alcohol		Sunday I took half a 10mg hydrocodone then my friends called me to go to the bar. I ended up blacking out that night. Did not drink Monday, but drank about 7 or 8 beers Tuesday. That night is when I felt sharp pain in my upper right chest and my right shoulder. Today it feels a little better, but both are still bothering me. Could it be my liver, or some other problem? Should I see a doctor tomorrow if it still feels bad?		
Can I take alcohol just after taking Citalopram 20mg		The thing is Ive had a really really **** day and I want to forget all about it by drinking... But I just took some antidepressants and I just want to be drunk not throw up or have any bad reactions in my body towards to mixture.... I just want to know what other people think... Thanks.		
Help!! Hydrocodone and alcohol		Sunday I took half a 10mg hydrocodone then my friends called me to go to the bar. I ended up blacking out that night. Did not drink Monday, but drank about 7 or 8 beers Tuesday. That night is when I felt sharp pain in my upper right chest and my right shoulder. Today it feels a little better, but both are still bothering me. Could it be my liver, or some other problem? Should I see a doctor tomorrow if it still feels bad?		
Hydrocodone and alcohol mixed		Sunday I took half a 10mg hydrocodone then my friends called me to go to the bar. I ended up blacking out that night. Did not drink Monday, but drank about 7 or 8 beers Tuesday. That night is when I felt sharp pain in my upper right chest and my right shoulder. Today it feels a little better, but both are still bothering me. Could it be my liver, or some other problem? Should I see a doctor tomorrow if it still feels bad? And if it is my liver, why did it take 2 days to begin to hurt.		
If I took 2 500mg acetaminophen, could I drink alcohol		So I have a terrible headache and I took 2 500 mg Tylenol and I have a party to go to so is it okay to drink		
Will drinking alcohol affect the rate at which my foot heals		A couple of weeks ago, I fell and broke my foot. Right now, its in a non weight-bearing cast. Until this afternoon, Ive been following doctors orders by staying off my feet and keeping the cast elevated whenever possible. I take medication only when needed, and wiggle my toes to keep the muscles active. My friends were celebrating Christmas with their families this afternoon, and I was bored. I was watching tv and without thinking, I went to the fridge and got a beer. I really enjoyed it, but then thought, will this have an adverse effect on the rate at which my foot heals?		
Why do alcoholics drink more at the holidays				
How long should you wait after drinking alcohol to take tylenol		I drank 1 small cup of alcohol, 12.5% rum in a bottle of mudslide to be exact. About 2 3 or 4 hours later I took 2 regular strength tylenol because I had a headache. I forgot the exact time I finished the drink but I did want to space it apart. I took the tylenol at 7pm, should I be okay? That is the first time Ive ever took them so close. Im now tired and its 9pm, I dont know if its from me being tired or a reaction. My height is 52" and weight is 102 lbs.		
Can teenagers be addicted to alcohol			I hear of High Schoolers abusing alcohol in the media and I wonder if people that young can be alcoholics or if it is just teens being stupid or thinking it is cool. It seems to be more now from what I hear in the media and from people with teens then it was when I was in school though that may be because I wasnt in the party crowd.	
Can you inject alcohol in ur veins, just like injecting heroin 		for anxiety treatment . i cant drink because it takes too long and my parents will notice		
Will alcohol mess up my gains		I never drink and i font know how much i need to drink to get a good buzz. Im 53" 150lbs and im athletic (if that helps). What will 3 shots of 90 proof vodka do? Im not tryin to get drunk but at least a good buzz. Thanks		
A nightcap is usually an alcoholic drink taken at the end of the day.		what if one has coffee instead? is it still called a nightcap?		
Do moisturising products with alcohol in them dehydrate the skin at all	 The Heisenberg 			Additional Details If not, why do they have alcohol as an ingredient?
I have a depresse alcoholic mother. help		she drank too much tonight...again. She is now crying and telling me she has too much to handle. Im only home from college for the holidays and Im not sure what to do. It makes me sad and very worried to see her like this. My father cant put up with her drinking anymore and ignores her. Im afraid. Im scared my parents will divorce, my mom will hurt herself, its all too much to handle.		
I love drinking alcohol and Im a teen		Im 17, I have been binge drinking (or drinking in large amounts) for roughly 9 months. However, a part of me knows it is wrong, it is effecting my body in negative ways and I should just stop. But, to be honest with you I love it, it feels awesome to drink while socializing and I have lots of fun doing it. Help anyone?		
How can I ship alcohol overseas		My friend moved to South Korea 6 months ago. I want to send her a bottle of honey wine from a winery she likes here in the states. I have read the laws about this and was wondering if there was any way around it. Is there some loophole I can use to make sure she gets this wine? Or am I just out of luck?		
POLL: Do you enjoy drinking alcohol		what about coffee, tea and smoking? or taking any other drug.		
Atheists: what do you think of the muslim rules of alcohol and pork		you you agree or disagree with them? do you think they are good or bad for society?		
Alcohol Blackouts becoming more common		DO NOT REPLY WITH STOP DRINKING. Ive stopped drinking. So Ive been drinking heavily for about 8 months. About everyday with a day here and there off. I had some really tragic stuff happen, and more stuff that happen on top of that, so I made a bad decision and tried to cover it up with drinking. Bad Idea i know. Anyway heres the problem I just started having. Never out of the 8 months Ive been drinking experienced a black out. Than I was drinking one day at home very heavy, and than went to a party, and I dont remember 2 hours of that night since I started drinking there. First one. Than second I went a few weeks still drinking. Than one night I downed about a fifth, and was fine remember everything. Than boom it justs hits me and I dont remember anything on how I left my house and rounded up back home. So the next day I drink a little bit slower, and I still somehow just dont remember anything. Than I take two weeks off. I decide to drink one night everything is fine Im making drinks. And Im good having a good time, I leave with my friend to go get something to eat. And all the sudden boom I dont remember anything. Decide to take two weeks off. Than I drink one night, and barley had anything and some how I wound up passed out. Ive QUIT DRINKING. I dont need to hear how bad it is. I just want to know why this would just all the sudden happen.	Additional Details There would be some nights, I was get so hammered, like more hammered than the these times Ive blacked out and member everything, Its just Im way to drunk.	
Is alcohol good for ones health				
Ibuprofen and alcohol 	Vysera 		So about maybe 4-5 hours ago I took 3 tsp of Children s Advil (Ibuprofen)for a headache. 30 minutes ago I took about 5 medium sips of red wine until I remembered I had taken the medicine. I was wondering if I should worry xD?	
Why does alcohol make us feel.....		Im only 17 years old so I only drink of social occasions. I was curious though, why does drinking alcohol make us feel so weird? I mean when I do drink I feel so amazing. I feel like nothing is important and my brain is just in full relax mode. Does alcohol affect others differently? if so, why? is it because of personalities? I have never felt vulnerable when drunk, nor have I felt like sleeping with the the girl that is closest to me. How do you feel when drunk? relaxed? horny? sleepy? vulnerable?		
As a possible kidney donor, can I drink any alcohol at all		One site said that I can have like, one beer a day TOPS but Im not completely sure. New Years is coming up and i just want to know if i can have one beer, or if it will ruin my chances of being able to donate?		
Why can muslims in England refuse to serve alcohol and pork at supermarket checkouts		but the rest of us cant refuse to sell halal, the cruelty food		
Is it possible that I have a gene that predisposes me to alcoholism if my dad was an alcoholic		Im just curious. Lately, Ive been wanting to drink alcohol even though Ive only taken a few sips of beer/wine before. Is this normal? (Im 16 btw, my dads alcoholism was really severe)	Additional Details I do have sort of a compulsive personality, honestly. 90% of the things I do is done too much, and I really cant help myself. I have a lack of self control, things I usually do are unhealthy and done too often. I know this sounds stupid, but I drink tons of soda everyday. More than the usual person, not the cute sort of drink a lot of soda, literally half a 2L or on occasion an entire 2l. Im on the computer probably 12 hours a day. Ive gamed 65 hours in the past two weeks. Most of the things I do are pretty ritualistic and not very diverse.	
Do you know an appropriate way to treat an old man for alcoholism and a start of dementia		He wants to be the center of attention (as in the histrionic personality disorder) and accumulates frustration when he doesnt receive it. With this frustration, he psychically terrorize his family and he would nevet recognize that he has a problem. At least he doesnt beat them. At his last visit to the doctor, hes been told he started to lose his neurons because of the booze and he should immediately stop it. but he doesnt want to stop it and he refuses to see a psychiatrist or receive a treatment for his alcohol addiction. How are these cases approached?		
How much alcohol will i need for 250 guests				
I think my Mother is on the road to becoming an alcoholic,What do I do		My father is in the last stages of his lung cancer.My Mother cares for him & a nurse comes in to our house twice a week.My Mother would always drink at night (even before my fathers diagnosis).However, it was only at night, & it never interferred with anything.I would say she had it under control.I can tell my Mother is very sad and is stressed out because of my Dad.Today, she was drunk at 4:00 PM...so who knows at what time she started drinking.She has never drank this early before.It is clear my Mother uses alcohol as a coping mechanism.She works in the school system as a nurse and right now everyone is on x-mas vacation.So that means she has a lot of time of her hands and therefore more time to drink. How can my family and I help her before she actually becomes an alcoholic?I know I am going to confront her when she is sober, but what is the next step? Should we try to get her to go to grief counseling or counseling for alcoholics?...she isnt necessarily an "alcoholic," yet, but should she consider it?Or is there any other type of counseling out there?There has been a lot of pain in my Mothers life.She lost her own mother (my grand mother to cancer) and she lost one of her daughters (my sister) to cancer.Now she is battling cancer for a third time with her husband.		
Question About Buying Alcohol at Register		I am 22 years old and usually get IDd. I know that the cashier enters in my birthdate, but is that it? And why cant they just look at the birthdate and know that I am at least 21? Thanks		
Alcohol bad hangover		Ok so I went to a friends birthday party last night (we ate a nice filling dinner beforehand) and I had a lot of hard alcohol and then a beer. I went into the hot tub after and a little while later I felt like **** and started to vomit in the toilet a lot which repeated itself several times throughout the night and in the morning. I slept a lot since then and have been drinking water and eating plain bread but my stomach still feels so terrible. What should I do?		
Are there any non-religious people who completely abstain from alcohol, tobacco, and other drugs		I know plenty of Christians who abstain from all of those. I know lots of non-religious people who abstain from tobacco and drugs, but still drink socially. I dont know any non-religious people who completely abstain from everything (dont ever even drink socially).		
Any cakes with no alcohol in flavoring		any company that doesnt use alcohol as a solvent in flavoring or vanilla extract and is kosher certified ?!!!!!!!!		
Any company that doesnt use alcohol as a solvent in flavoring or vanilla extract and is kosher certified !!!		cake company in usa plzzzz!		
Is it legal to serve alcohol in food		At a restuarant in the UK without the person knowing.		
Can i make alcohol gummy bears with a can of beer		I had this party unfortunately all the vodka is gone ! But theres tons of beer around so can I make it with one can of beer ? Since your only suppose to cover the amount with 6 oz and I have very few gummy bears ?		
500 mg at 5% alcohol beer can, how much of a pint is this				
18 year old, on probation, UA tested positive for alcohol first offense, could I go to jail		Im 18 years old, live in Crookston MN, and on probation. Im already attending out patient treatment which was court ordered, but failed a UA and tested positive for alcohol. It would be my first offence. Im always on good behavior, and havent gotten into any trouble. I would like to know most likely what my consequences would be, and is it likely I would go to jail?		
Daughter has consumed a lot of alcohol, what damage may have been done		Last night, my daughter consumed 150ml of alcohol over a period of four hours. She weighs around 70 kg and has never drunk alcohol before, right now she is feeling quite sick (no surprises there) and I am keeping her under careful watch. What kind of damage may she have done to herself? Any help would be appreciated.	Additional Details She is 15 When I say 150ml of alcohol, I mean an entire bottle of wine and a beer I did the calculations	
If i eat mashed potatoes and meatloaf will it absorb alcohol		I want to get drunk but im really hungry would this absorb the alcohol to qhere i cant get drunk?		
I have misdemeanors for driving while suspended (not alcohol related.) Will that hinder my teaching career		I didnt have insurance and lost my license. While I was suspended, I was caught driving again (always either to or from work.) This snowballed into a total of three or four misdemeanor convictions of driving while suspended. There is nothing else on my record. Will this hinder my teaching career in any way? I am currently two years into a degree for secondary education in mathematics. It is my lifes goal to become a math teacher, so I am very passionate about it, I maintain a GPA above 3.5, and I do volunteer work in my community. I also have strong personal ties as my family has lived here for generations and is well known and respected. In spite of all this, I am still worried that my very stupid mistakes will cost me my dream. Any advice is MUCH APPRECIATED!!!		
Does Korean crown candy contain alcohol				
Drinking alcohol question help		On new years eve. I want to drink a little I am under age, I only want to have one beer and Ill be with my girl friends only (im a girl). Her parents will be there but they dont mind if we only have one. They wont tell tell my mom and I dont want her to find out. My mom will drop me off at 8, if I drink it at 9 will I be okay bye 12:30? Like will it be noticeable that I even drank anything? Will I puke? Additional info. is welcome please. Thanks.		
Been drinking a lot of alcohol over the past month. Have I done serious damage to my kidneys/liver		My lower back hurts and my the eight side of my abdomen. Im going to stop drinking		
How bad is alcohol for dogs		i have a 30-40 KG Alaskan Malamute in my care. i was sitting down with friends drinking mixed whiskey and coke (around the standard amount) from a glass and next thing i know when i had my arm to the side holding my drink, in comes my dog and takes about 3 licks from inside the glass. (licks, drinks whatever you want to call it, but he stuck his tongue in there 3 times of which im sure) im not stupid and i would never intentionally give my dog alcohol but how bad is it for them, is this a minuscule amount that i shouldnt have to worry or? any help would be great. Thanks, as i love him to absolute pieces and would love to know if such a small amount would harm him.		
How do I confront my friend about being an alcoholic		So I recently hanged out with my mate for a few days and he has about at least 9 drinks a day and cant have one day without alcohol. I can just tell he isnt well mentally too. His friend also recently died and he always drank alot but its gotten so bad.I am finding it really difficult to confront him without making him defensive and in denial. He needs help and I dont know what to do.		
School project on alcohol		Hi so Im doing a project for my government class called what can you do to improve. I myself came up with the thought, People who have two or more alcohol offenses or run ins with the law (drunk driving, abuse, addiction) that it should be made illegal for that person to purchase and consume alcohol, and put on probation. I would like for both positive and negative, agreeable or opposing view points on this!!! This really matters to me cuz Ive growing up I faces a few challenges in mu family with it. This isnt for the safety of only the person consuming it dangerously, but by the innocent who arent intoxicated suffering from the poor choices of others. Please give me insight, personal thoughts, opposing and agreeing views! Thanks you! Senior high school student		
Alcohol government project (opinion)		Hi so Im doing a project for my government class called what can you do to improve. I myself came up with the thought, People who have two or more alcohol offenses or run ins with the law (drunk driving, abuse, addiction) that it should be made illegal for that person to purchase and consume alcohol, and put on probation. I would like for both positive and negative, agreeable or opposing view points on this!!! This really matters to me cuz Ive growing up I faces a few challenges in mu family with it. This isnt for the safety of only the person consuming it dangerously, but by the innocent who arent intoxicated suffering from the poor choices of others. Please give me insight, personal thoughts, opposing and agreeing views! Thanks you! Senior high school student		
My dad is an awesome bloke but has alcohol addiction and cries and wants to self			Harm when drunk. He has had an ongoing alcohol addiction all my life. he started drinking at the age of 14 after some sexual abuse and I only found out that that was what triggered his drinking two months ago when he finally told me and my brother. he cries and everything and I am scared he is too deep Into it to change his life and get help since he has drank since 14 and now is 44. he is such a good person but when drinks he is so different and sad and crazy. What to do???	
Alcohol and Smoking on HRT is it SAFE		i have been on hrt for 8 days now i will be 18 teen in march i do smoke . and drink sometimes is that safe for me i am male to female transgender and maybe one or two times a year i smoke weed . Thanks :)		
Sister suicidal Alcoholic - think she might be bipolar delusional memories! sorry long!		Hi my sister is 35, alcoholic i think - drinking heavily from first thing over christmas, a bottle of whiskey the day before Christmas, not opened all her presents went to lie down / throw up, also her personality has completely changed she is hopeless, negative in the extreme, basically has just wasted 3 years of her life trying to do MAs which she is not academic enough for. Shes admitted to me doing 2 bottles of wine to herself on a regular basis at home alone but says she is so much better, she hardly eats, when she does its unhealthy bingeing I know that she needs a GP if not a crisis team although i dont think they would take her seriously if it was just a case of D+D She has recently written a poem about wanting to stop breathing - admitted to mum that she considers suicide when very drunk, a long time ago punctured a kidney, stabbing herself and is otherwise a self harmer. She takes drugs sometimes - i never know when or how much and used to smoke a lot of weed... not sure now she says she gets paranoid. She has had sexual ptsd from age 3, and countless abuse and rapes in her life. She is just trying to get together with a new boyfriend but is coming out with things like  i knew he wouldnt speak to me over Christmas, and that there would be a tree involved and i told him this is after a tree on the phone wires where his family live in the sticks with no mobile reception. and the psychic 3 years ago said i would meet a guy called Stuart and we would meet on fri13th which is also implausible because she did. She keeps having more and more memories come back from the last time they met and talked for hours. some of it could be paranoid - it seems unlikely that all this took place, have you heard of people with bipolar having delusional memories - i dont think its related to the alcohol she manically - well ive not seen her go abnormal on this but she works like the devil... she can shout and blame her family quite often, shes volatile. Bipolar / Bulimic / Alcoholic / PTSD sufferer / suicidal / etc actually but how can i help she may not be acute enough for a section but id like to see her taken care of forcibly if necessary and i dont know when the best time to call the crisis team would be? she needs stabilization with meds and ideally detox.		
What alcohol goes well with iced lemonade passion tea		I made up some lemonade tea with Tazo Passion tea (basically a red Zinger tea, its made with hisbiscus, orange peel, rose hips and such). What alcohol would go with this? The tea has sort of a tropical, fruity, summery taste. I tried tequila and it was fair. What else could work?		
Alcohol on drug test		Im 14 and sometimes drink at parties. My school does random drug tests. People say they take a little piece of your hair. Can they tell if I have any alcohol in my system? Oh, and if people around me have been smoking, will it show up? Thanks.		
Is there any logical reason not to treat marijuana more or less like alcohol		Do you have any reasoned and logical arguments for keeping marijuana illegal, rather than treating it roughly as we do alcohol (legal, but regulated and taxed, with legal penalties for irresponsible use)? If so, what are they? If not, is there any reason we shouldnt do it?		
Mixing alcohol and zoloft		Im not a drinker. I never was and I probably wont do it much. But, New years is next week and I really want to drink. Im on Zoloft. I dont want to get like.. PISS loaded. And Im not on a high prescription. Im only on 50 mg. Will it be alright to drink just this once?	Additional Details Height- 53" Weight- About 140. I dont have any serious medical conditions besides Anxiety.	
Will alpha 1 deficiency affect a alcohol blood test, ie will it lead to a false positive even when lft are ok		I had a alcohol blood test which suggested I was a alcohol abuser, even though the liver function test and others showed normal levels. At the time of the test the alpha 1 deficiency had not been diagnosed, therefore had not been taken into consideration. I am understanding that alcohol blood tests and hair sampling measure ethanol In the proteins produced in the liver. Alpha 1 is a protein deficiency of the lungs, which build up in the liver. Can anyone offer some insights please. Thanks		
Is high proof alcohol safe to drink		OK so I found this liquor online that is anywhere 160 to 190 proof ( 80 to 90 percent alcohol). I suppose it would be really similar to everclear, but its not made in the US. Anyway, my question is this: Is it safe to drink really high proof alcoholic drinks? Will it damage throat tissue or stomach tissue or whatever, just by drinking it? Most of the liquors Ive seen that are 70 proof and up say that it should be diluted. I had heard somewhere that it can damage your throat, but Ive since looked online and can find no such claim that can be verified. So again, is it safe to drink really high proof alcohols? Will it cause damage to throat tissue, ect...? Or is the danger in the amount that you drink and not in the consumption of the alcohol itself. Dont bother telling me about all the long term ill effects alcohol can have on the body, thats not what Im asking about. Im asking about the damage, if any, in the short term just from drinking it. Thank you		
Is it a sin in the eyes of God to abuse alcohol				
How to talk to my alcoholic father		Im 17 years old. Im finally about to come out to my dad about his problem with alcohol. Hes been drinking for a long time and when both of his parents passed away (His mom died in July 2010 and his dad died in June 2011) and his drinking has gotten so much worse since then, in the past year hes gotten 5 tickets and hes totaled 2 cars due to drinking and driving, my mom says next hes going to get a DUI or end up killing someone in an accident which is going to ruin our lives. Since his dad passed away, hes gotten involved with this bar and hes now secretary and he goes there every day after work and doesnt get home until late. My mom tries to reach out to him, but he yells at her and thinks he has turned the kids against him, which he did it to himself. He hasnt been drinking since the last ticket which was for going 92 in a 55 (or something like that), but as soon as its over with hes going to go back to the bottle, this has happened so many times before. About an hour ago, my mom said it was time for me to talk to him because he does not listen to her. She called my dad into my room and I told him that I wanted to talk after my grandpa leaves and he responded in a grumpy voice, "If I dont leave." And he walked off. Im just really scared to talk to him about this, Im scared hes going to get mad and yell like he does to my mom. I just hate talking about family problems because I end up crying so hard I can hardy breathe or talk. I need some advice, if anyone has any or if anyone has an alcoholic family member and has had to confront them, I just want our family to go back normal. Sorry this is so long, I really just needed to rant!		
What is your favorite gluten free alcohol		I am allergic to gluten and I am very sensitive to it. I turned 21 not too long ago and before that I didnt drink at all. Ive had a hard time finding gluten free drinks and I was wondering if anyone out there has a favorite (or more than one) suggestion for drinks that I can have :) Im open to any kind as long as its safe for me to have!		
Will drinking alcohol once a year affect muscle growth and development		Im 15 about to be 16 in less than a month... Ive been doing this since I was in middle school probably... I only drink during Christmas but its a drink that has a little wine and rum in it... PLEASE HELP		
Cant drink any amount of alcohol without throwing up, what can help		I used to be able to drink and not get sick at all. I quit drinking and got into worse stuff. Im clean now, but I want to start drinking on occasion with my boyfriend. Every time I drink anything, Ill throw up. Is there any way I can stop myself from getting sick when I drink?		
Can a UK Alcohol licence dictate when you are allowed minors on the premises			I recently went into a pub with some friends, half of us underage and half of us of age, and as soon as we entered the establishment we were asked for ID. I being under 18 queried this and they said their licence only let minors on the premises before 7pm due to the licence they held. Is this allowed and legal or were they mugging me off?	
Does alcohol tolerance depend on genetics		My dad and my grandpa are straight up alcoholics. Im an average sized guy, a little skinnier but it takes a while for me to get drunk. It took 5 shots and 3 beers when I was 15 to get me drunk. In no way am I trying to show off, just curious. Is it better not to be lightweight?	Additional Details I also drank palm wine when I was younger like a lot, do you think that matters?	
Is it ok to drink alcohol when youre on buprenorphine and codeine		Have scoliosis and on both meds now for pain/tension. The buprenorphine are 5mg patches called BuTrans. Only started using them today - dont really notice a difference in relieving pain and tension. Have been drinking (Irish cream, beer, gin and tonic) while taking codeine (solpadol) as Ive been on solpadol since last spring. Thanks.		
Good non alcoholic champagne		My mother cannot have alcohol because of medications but loves champagne she would love to have some and especially now since New Years is coming up		
Is .24 of alcohol a lot				
Is it okay to drink alcohol every day		Im 18 and since now I can buy alcohol legally Ive noticed that recently Ive been drinking every day. Its not like I get drunk every night though, Ill have maybe a beer or two some nights, a couple of shots of vodka with lemonade other nights. Usually Ill get drunk around once a week when I meet up with a friend. Its definitely not a problem or anything but I just wanted to know if its okay to carry on doing this?		
What is the alcohol percentage in a 25 ounce bottle of Merlot				
Can you shock the heart out of palpitations with a shot of alcohol			Additional Details Was told by an older lady that this is an old remedy for a racing heartbeat.	
Am I Affected by alcoholic drink		16 y/o First time to drink got about 7 shots of jack daniels, I did not collapse or what so ever. But days passed and I still have itchy skin. Is it possible that my liver got affected seriously or is it just an allergy or what? Hope someone can help me. thanks!		
Is expired alcohol safe		So I just found a case of Smirnoff Ice and some beer I had completely forgot about. Its in completely sealed bottles. They expired 8/2/13 and now its 12/27/13. Are they safe?		
Is it hard to land one night stand without drinking alcohol 		I dont drink, and I dont mind drinking. Whenever, I am at the club and talk to girl, she keeps offering me drink and I decline nicely. But I feel it is huge turn off for one night stand.		
Mixing alcohol with xanax		ok so im terrified of weed because of past experiences and im so scared that I will avoid places where its going to be at because just the smell reminds me of the experience I had. I have a panic disorder and have never liked the effect that weed gives me. well over time it has gotten better I wont avoid places as much as I did before. Im also a very very lightweight so I wont have over 2 drinks lol I was wondering if I had one beer and I was at a party where there was weed and I started having a panic attack because I was around it and I was paranoid about getting a contact high if it would be ok to take a tiny amount of Xanax which was prescribed to me by my doctor or would I have to wait it out for an hour until the beer is out of my system? Im such a lightweight to everything that a half of a .25 mg Xanax does the trick to calm me down.		
If I am under 21 and I break a bottle of alcohol in a store, do I have to pay for it		Since Im under 21, arent I not allowed to pay for the alcohol? Or is it just considered paying for damages since Im not getting the actual alcohol?		
Alcohol and one night stand 		I dont drink. Whenever, I am at the club and talk to girl, she keeps offering me drink and I decline nicely. But I feel it is huge turn off for one night stand. Personally, I dont need alcohol to be confident, but girls want me to share drinks with them and I decline .		
Why do you drink alcohol Whats your drink of choice		I love whiskey. It tastes good and feels great. Whats your reason?		
Will I be drug tested at my arraignment I got underage possession of alcohol and shoplifting		Both warrants were class 1 misdemeanors in Virginia		
If Im 20 years old, can I bring alcohol from Germany to the US by plane		Im currently 19 and will be 20 years old when I go to Germany next winter. I wanted to bring home alcohol for cooking and for gifts. The legal drinking age in Germany is 18. Im aware of the 21 legal age limit for alcohol in the US. Thanks, all answers are appreciated.		
Why do people prefer to drink alcohol over smoke weed		Other than the legal status, smoking weed is by far better on your health than drinking alcohol. Also weed has helped me cure a lot of things that nothing else could cure like I had a sinus cold for two days and i did a lot of remedies. The cold didnt go away till the day after I smoked a lot. So dont say weed is dangerous, because I have been really high and have driven a car. A drunk person could not do half as much stuff as the things I have done under the influence of weed.	Additional Details You people dont know what you are talking about at all.	
What are the sizes and prices of alcohol		So Im new to drinking. Ive been drunk several times just never bought it. So I want to spend $75 on alcohol but not sure how much they are and the sizes. I want jose Cuervo tequila Jack Daniels whiskey Captain Morgan spiced rum Smirnoff vodka So I want those 4 how big of bottles should I buy and the price of each. Thanks		
Will I ever like the taste of alcohol again		The first time a drank ( a few months ago) I drank wayyyy too much of wine, vodka, and something else really sweet, and ended up throwing up the whole next day. The thought of the taste of alcohol makes me feel sick, and the other day when I tried a sip of somebodys drink, I almost threw up. Will this ever go away? And its not the being drunk that i cant stand the thought of, so much as it is the taste. Just curious if this is normal		
What is the effect of alcohol and pill when we take at the same time 		Last night i take a pill and alcohol at the same time and a almost die		
HELP! Alcohol and Antibiotics Question		Im finishing my 5-day course of Metronidazole tomorrow night, and Im going out with friends for New Years Eve - exactly 48 hours after the course ends. Its likely to be a night of heavy drinking, so will the drug be completely out of my system by then, because with a lot of alcohol consumption the consequences could be pretty bad?!		
Metoprolol and Alcohol question.		I have been taking Metoprolol for a few months now. I was just wondering if drinking alcohol while taking Metoprolol will hurt me. I dont drink often but Tonight is my big family Christmas party and I wanted to drink with family. Is there any kind of interaction that will hurt or kill me?		
Why is alcohol like poison to me		Hi, Im 32 and Ive never been one for drinking. For as long as I can remember I have always been ill for days after having a few drinks. It has never been any different. At no time have I ever been able to drink a lot. Does anybody else suffer with the same problem? I know some people drink pint after pint but I just need to drink ONE drink and Im ill, most likely followed by an immediate headache. It is like drinking poison. Thank you.		
If i can handle my drink well, does that mean i can consume more alcohol before being over the limit				
Does alcohol do any disinfecting to your insides		Probably a silly questions but I know in old war movies when they ran out of rubbing alcohol theyd use drinking because it could still clean the wound. What sort of affect does that have to pharynx and esophagus, stomach, blood, kidneys, etc?		
Poll beer vs hard alcohol		Do u like beer or the hard stuff lol		
Does alcohol really affect you when you are on medication		so i have done lots of recreational drugs. i have often drunk beer with them with no barely noticeable effect. it was same. alcohol was doing its own and drugs their own. i am on drugs now which my doctor made for me. its not chemical. its extracts from food. she is bio energetical doctor and helps my ocd. its nothing big deal, just drugs tasting like sugar... tomorrow i am going to drink beer, but my mother is continuing to tell me that it is wrong. ok. she says i will be ill if i drink alcohol. i cant make her believe that nothing will happen and this is just myth from doctors. what she really worries about that all our work will be nonsense. she thinks drug will lose its power and will not help me. what should i do		
Help, Is This Alcohol Poisoning		My boyfriend Had Too Much To Drink On Christmas Eve & Christmas Day. He Has Felt Rough Since, But Today He Is Feeling Really Rough. He Has Thrown Up Several Times, His Head Is Hurting, His Got No Energy. Ive Been Giving Him Water But What Else Can I Do To Help? I Do Not Think Is It The Average Sickness Virus. One Minute He Feels Bit Better Than He Feels Really Bad Again. Shall I Call The Hospital? Opinions?		
How can you hide alcohol		My mother has alcohol and my friend and I want to drink tonight (were 19) but we dont want her to notice its gone. What can we do?		
Why did she call me an alcoholic		I ran into an acquaintance of mine that I hadnt seen for a year or more and she invited me to her home for tea. We had a nice time and she seemed really happy to see me. She was telling me how at the end of her busy day she usually has a glass of red wine with her husband and they catch up before dinner. I said thats nice or something along those lines. At some point I told her I dont drink alcohol anymore because it didnt agree with me....meaning it upset my stomach. She then said to me:"Oh yes, I have another friend that is an alcoholic also.".........Wow was I shocked....I didnt say anything....stupid me. Its been some time and I never contacted her again.....she hasnt contacted me either and Im glad. I just dont understand why she would say such a thing.....I only ever shared one glass of wine many years ago and that was it as far as any drinking history around her. Im baffled by her comment and I still think about it now and then. Has anything similar happened to you?		
Which alcohol should I buy for New Years		So I realize my options are very different, but based off of best proof and what will give me the best drunk, which would you choose? Suggestions of others are welcome but I have about a $20 budget. Im trying to choose between bacardi gold, parrot bay passion fruit, or captain Morgan. Ive never tried any of them. I prefer fruity drinks, but I dont mind rum either. I just want a good drunk without drinking too much. If you know any fruity vodkas under $20 with a better proof, let me know! Thanks!		
I mixed Advil tylenol and rubbing alcohol and it has made me feel very weird from standing over it why		I feel tingly warm and every thing looks darkened and cartoonish if you can help please do ASAP		
Does rubbing alcohol remove dirt from skin		if it does can it be used on underarms and face???? please help :(		
A small bump on my thigh has grow bigger since I put alcohol on it, what is it		I noticed a small welt on my thigh wednesday, put alcohol on it and it grew bigger on thursday. now its pretty big and is red in the middle and warm to the touch. no puss leaking out of it or showing and it feels hard in the middle when i touch it		
All my friends go out drinking and Ive never even had a sip of alcohol		Im 15 and everyone my age always drinks at partys and like I went a family party tonight and my auntie and uncle were offering me vodka and coke and wkd and stuff but I didnt have any cuz I was with my mum and idk how shed feel about me having drinks.. My auntie and uncle let my cousin whos a year older than me drink and his girlfriend was round whos the same age as me and she was shocked id never had any alcohol. I wanted to have some at the party but idk what Id say to my mum. Even my nan was offering me drinks!		
Am I at risk for being an alcoholic		I have never had drinking issues. Anyways since I turned 21 I have gotten drunk 2 or 3 times over the last couple years. I never drink alone or early in the morning. I at most drink once a week and sometimes go weeks w/out drinking. My problems have never been drowned out by alcohol. Anytime I drink or make a joke about drinks my mom freaks and tells me Im on my way to being an alcoholic. This is driving me nuts because you would think I wake up thinking about drinking and that I drink 24/7. How risky is my behavior? I never drive drunk and nor have I ever blacked out, I have also not done anything stupid while drinking		
What alcoholic beverage(s) should i drink if i have a high alcohol tolerance		I dont know why but for some reason I dont feel the effects from drinking anymore and it sucks. I dont drink often, i drink every now n again, approximately once or twice a month or less but for some reason I cant get tipsy. Dont want to be drunk, just nice enough to enjoy bringing in the new year. Any recommendations of drinks for a person with a high tolerance?		
What cities in Italy allows a 16 y/o to legally purchase an alcoholic beverage		I heard that in some places in Italy you must be 18, but some places allow 16? Im confused. P.S. I am not planning on drinking alcohol while I am underage. I am just curious because me and my family are traveling to Italy soon.		
Can I clean my stretched ear lobes with rubbing alcohol		I stretched my ears to 00g last night, and I heard rubbing alcohol is good with piercings and all that. So I wanna know if I can clean the inside of my lobes with that.		
Why does my poop smell like alcohol, even though I didnt drink		I got a cold about 10 days ago, and throughout my recovery my bms have been skinny and loose, and smell super bad, like Ive been on a bender. At first I thought my cough drops might have an artificial sweetener that was causing this reaction. But I havent taken any for a few days now...but I still have this problem. Food seems to run through me in like an hour, and smells like Ive been drinking. What could be causing this? Did my fever kill off my gut flora or something?		
Do you think its the beer or specifically just the alcohol that is making me sick lately		Okay guys (and gals) I need some advice here. Never drank much before 21 because all we had was cheap beer and I thought I was maybe just very sensitive to alcohol or something. Then my 21st came around and I went out with the guys and had quite a bit of alcohol but no beer. I felt fine. Then a few weeks later I went back to college and since I had handled so much alcohol before I figured I must just be getting used to it. Went out got a little sloppy at the bars and then a buddy started buying us beer. 2 beers in and I went from being on cloud nine to being sicker than anything. The next weekend came around and I only had beer and thought it was maybe just a fluke so I tried drinking it and a few in the same thing happened! Tried one more weekend and couldnt get a beer down without gagging. Havent touched a drop of alcohol since, I dont like throwing up haha. Should I bite the bullet and try drinking some liquor again or do you think it was the alcohol making me sick? I wanna be able to drink responsibly, go down to the bar and drink and meet girls but its kinda hard knowing Im afraid to touch alcohol. So what do you think (if you read all that haha) Should I just try taking a shot of something like whiskey and see how I feel or do you think it was the alcohol that was messing with me?		
Feel sick almost 8 hours after drinking alcohol. I need cures!		I went to a party and drank a mixture of drinks- Cherry Gin, Raspberry Vodka, Jagermeister etc,, stupid, I know I shouldnt mix drinks. I had eaten a bacon sandwich in the daytime at about 4pm and I started drinking at 6pm and stopped at around 7:15pm. I started feeling dizzy etc but no slurred speech, walking difficulties,sickness etc, I just felt a little sleepy and was urinating a lot. This went away after an hour of not drinking and I ate a slice of garlic bread. I came home and ate a KFC- chicken popcorn pieces, washed down with a pint of orange tango. I got heartburn which isnt entirely new to me after eating fatty foods. I took a tablet for it and went straight to sleep at 12pm. I woke up at 2am feeling extremely thirsty and took a sip of Pepsi, which helped hydrate me, but made me feel a little sick- sweating and shaking slightly. Its now 5am and the sickness is going away slightly, but I still feel terrible. Ive read comments on other questions telling me to make myself throw up, but I have Emetophobia- a strong fear or aversion to vomit. I know, most people don?t like it. But for emetophobes like me, it?s a constant fear that warps into a daily struggle. Some don?t even type or say the word ?vomit? out of superstition. After vomiting I tend to have extreme panic attacks which last on some occasions for hours, which leads me to believe im going to be sick again, which makes things worse. I havent eaten anything since the KFC or drank any pepsi in a few hours<SEMCOL> Is there anything else I can do to stop the sickness? I dont drink often and if I do, its usually WKD and drinks low on alcohol and so its my first time feeling sick after alcohol. Sorry for the long description!		
Is my dad an alcoholic		So my dads been drinking every single day since he was 16 and hes 47 now. and i cant imagine him in a million years ever going one night without alcohol. he doesnt let me go out with friends at night because he drinks at night so he cant drive me back home. my family never goes out at night for the same reason. He thinks its completely normal behavior though. And im kinda starting to feel like hes becoming a tad bit psychotic, but idk, does alcohol cause psychoism? he also doesnt eat much. never eats breakfast or snacks. he only eats lunch and dinner. he doesnt drink much fluids either. and hes an abusive father. but the thing is hed never ever drink during the day time, only at night. hell normally drink maybe 1/5 of a 1L bottle of whiskey, one or two shots of Arak (50% alcohol) and finish with 2 or 3 beers about, every night. i dont think he can go a single night without drinking. what do you guys think, is my dad an alcoholic?		
Mixing alcohol with clonidine and melatonin		at 6 I got drunk off level vodka and now im not drunk or buzzed. I take melatonin and clonidine to go to sleep will it be ok if I take the meds after I was drunk?		
Female Orgasm after consumption of alcohol.		Okay after it happening yet again I figured I may as well ask about it. Long story short : For years now, whenever I drink and get beyond the stage of mildy drunk I close my eyes and its as though a fuse has been lit from my head, down to my groin and then radiates throughout my body. Quite simply the best orgasm Ive had than with man, woman or myself. Online searching comes up with only articles on alcohol acting as a depressant or women who cant climax under the influence. In my experience while i find drunken sex more thrilling, drunk males cant keep themselves aroused for nearly as long and I am offen dissapointed. Why would I feel more aroused under the influence and the other sex incapacitated? My question is directed at the ladies - have you ever experienced such a high or is this unique to me?		
What percentage alcohol does tequila have				
Will rubbing alcohol erode enamel		For example, i have a necklace and the color of the enamel is not right. I might use sharpie to change the color of the enamel BUT if i mess it up, i will remove the sharpie with alcohol. Will the alcohol have any affect on the underlying enamel?		
Are muslim cashiers/workers allowed to serve/handle pure alcohol ... you know, for industrial purpose 		Regards John		
Do recovering alcoholics miss drinking		In their first few months of quitting?		
Ibuprofen 600 mg and alcohol		I had a beer and lets say a cups worth of liquor. But I had my wisdom teeth removed 3 days ago and the pain was excruciating. I stopped drinking around 12am, had 2 glasses of water and then around 4am, I couldnt take it anymore and downed my prescription medication of 600mg of ibuprofen. I know mixing alcohol and painkillers is bad but I was impatient and took the ibuprofen anyways..am I gonna be okay or is my stomach gonna start bleeding or anything?		
Do I have alcohol poisenibg		I feel like Im sort of mentally sober since Im able to type right now... But I feel sick:( really nauseous. I just came from a party, Im 5"2, 100 lbs, 17, and I drank 3 beers, 3 shots of vodka, and a Smirnoff soda- ee thing. I stopped drinking like at 11:40. Still feel very sick. Im scared to gob to sleep and dont know what to do? :( help		
Need some powerful advice. life altering if possible. alcoholism weight gain and stomach issues		OK well like a lot of people, I am heavy alcohol drinker and when I mean heavy I mean that sometimes I can go without for about 3 weeks to a month but when I do drink its like I binge drink for days. Beers all day mostly. I dont drink hard liquor as much. I noticed that with this binge drinking (which I cant say 100% is to blame) I have gain close to 20 pounds in two years as I used to be 180 at 59. Great weight for me. Loved it.. Over the two year span I continued to binge drink on occasions and for days I had off work. I secretely feel ashamed of myself for letting my weight increase this much as I am one of those people who gain weight in their cheeks first more than anything else so it shows right in my face. My pregnant fiancee, still looks at me the same or at least she might pretend to but I have my days when Im ok with my weight and then days when I feel ashamed to have gained weight from alcohol addiction. My addiction also plays a negative on my body because I have severe gerd so for me sometimes binge drinking takes a toll and I end up in stomach tightness fatigue and dizziness for days. I need help as Im only 24 so this Is gonna get even worse if I continue. Im ashamed to say Im addicted to beer and liquor because when I do drink I feel great but afterwards possibly horrible. Its about to be new years and I have been postponing visits to my family because of my weight gain. Im about 195 right now at 59. Its nota horrible weight gain but I know I need to stopit now andd change my life. Any tips, if I reallyfeel like the weight lloss plan could work then I believe I can quit drinking, only problem is when I work out I get gerd attacks and constantly belch and have horrible reflux. My life is a whirlwind. I am a man with a good head on my shoulders as far as everything else I just have thisproblem and I wanna change my life dramatically.. =  I hate feeling hopeless but my depression is as real as it will ever be.		
How long before more muslims start eating Pork and drinking Alcohol Prices are already too high isnt it		Iam praying to Newton who said every thing which goes up must come down. But prices of these items dont look like coming down. Christians you are a disgrace, Muslim you have spoilt my party. Iam already stretched on finances. Hope all desist from eating Non veg Items and Alcohol as it is against religions. Please Newton when will they all stop eating or drinking and the prices come down? Dont anyone fear god anymore? Newton you are a fraud !		
Can you call 911 or a police if someone drinks alcohol under 21			I dont know!.Id asked dad yesterday that I could call 911 if derek drinks alcohol yesterday and I dont know how he got it and my dad says yesterday its not going to help it and he says no yesterday. ?	
If a bartender knowingly serves alcohol to a patron who is blitz patron arrested whos fault		ON MY DAUGHTERS 21ST BIRTHDAY THE BARTENDER SERVED HER DRINK AFTER DRINK AFTER DRINK SHE WAS OBVIOUSLY INTOXICATED, THE BARTENDER HER BOYFRIEND AT THE TIME KNEW SHE WAS UNDER MEDICAL CARE AND PRESCRIPTION MEDICATION, HE HAD ALSO GAVE HER SOME OTHER KIND OF PAIN PILLS THAT DAY.. SHE DOSE NOT REMEMBER LEAVING THE BAR WITH HIM OR ANYTHING ELSE.. SHE WAS ARRESTED FOR ASSAULTING HIM AROUND 5AM WHERE WHEN SHE GOT ARRESTED HER ALCOHOL LEVEL WAS 1.6 SHE IS A 95LB GIRL BARTENDER BE AT ALL RESPONSIBLE.THE WERE FREE DRINKS FOR HER		
Sick as a result of alcohol		So over the course of the night I drank 6 beers fairly spaced out. I was also fairly drunk. I have done this before on a Friday or Saturday night depending how I am feeling but usually I wake up without any hangover and no problems. But I also have a fairly strong gagging reflex so I dont know if that encouraged things. But before taking a nap, after sobering up, I decided to take a shower and brushed my teeth. During this process I immediately started to feel sick, vomited quite a bit and immediately felt better for no reason... I was just wondering, could this have been a result from drinking or more likely coincidence?? It kind of confused me lol.		
Would it be safe to drink alcohol after near 72 hours after taking 0.5mg Xanax				
My pomegranates smell like alcohol is this bad		ok so i had some pomegranates in an air tight container for about a month cause i forgot about them. i just opened them up today and they smell like some pretty good alcohol. so my question is actually a three part question, 1: will it turn into alcohol? i added some water to it cause my dad said thats what you do. 2: i ate two seeds from that not knowing if they were bad or not and figured Id taste the difference, am i going to get sick or am i fine? and 3: if adding water was the correct way to make the alcohol will drinking this concoction make me sick? im expecting drunk off my *** but if its going to make me sick instead im not even going to bother. also in case people go and say i shouldnt be drinking...Im 23 and i can drink everclear 190 proof straight im hoping this will end up with something theyll knock my socks off.		
Kidney infection and alcohol		Last year i was in hospital with gastroenteritis, A few weeks ago I ended up in hospital with viral gastroenteritis again & kidney damage, I was in hospital for 2 days & on 8 drips in total, a few days ago I was ill & went to hospital I was told I had a kidney infection I was given some antibiotics after being on a drip and they let me go home. The last 2 times its happened Ive been drinking the night before. But every1 seem to think the infections been lying there since last time cos I wasnt given any antibiotics the first 2 times, so they think the alcohol just affected it & started it up again.. Could it be that Im allergic to alcohol? I dont go out often but any other time Ive been fine with alcohol, Im 21 now. If I take the antibiotics as directed & drink plenty of water, then went on a night out in a couple of months do you think Id be okay. I explained to the doctor what Id drank the night before he himself said that, that wouldnt cause what was up with me.		
If you buy alcohol on ebay(yes you can buy full bottles!) is it sent to your doorstep or mailbox		First off, I AM 21. but I dont have ID(dont ask), but I DO have a passport, and Ive used it before and it worked. I just dont want to bother buying online if Im going to get IDd at the door and they wont take my passport. Its a holiday vodka(thats why its not empty, you can get a way with special liquor on ebay) l I dont know how to make you believe me, but Ive been on YA! since 09 and I was born 9/24/92. Theres even question of me stating I was 17 in 2009 on here. So if you want me to post a question from 4 years ago as proof I will, if that will get me a serious answer from you. :D sorry for sounding like a dumb@$$, Im just in a rut, and REALLY want a special kind of liquor for new years. Maybe someone will understand. <SEMCOL>)		
How can you make rubbing alcohol from scratch		from scratch not syphoning it		
Is it harmful to drink alcohol while using prescribed eye drops				
Can I buy alcohol at duty free in canada and not cross the border		today I went to the states and on the way back to canada right after the border we went into duty free canada, we parked in the employee parking lot so we didnt have to go back into the U.S.A so what stops us from buying $1000s worth of merchandise and going back to my home in canada? Again i wasnt parked in the regular parking lot(where you are forced to cross the border) i was parked in the employee parking lot which you can access without going over the border		
Do You Like The Taste Of Alcohol Or You Drink To Get Drunk				
How is alcohol healthy for you			Additional Details This being when drunken in moderation.	
Will You be affected by drinking alcohol just once, between ages 12-14		For example, lets say a 13 year old "gets drunk" just once, will he be affected afterwords, psychically or mentally? Like, Im not talking about getting completely wasted or hungover, just, well, drunk.		
Pure Alcohol into a gasoline engine How easy to convert		How difficult is it to convert a modern car to take pure ethanol instead of gasoline? What make of car is easiest to convert?		
Is it safe to take SOME caffeine with alcohol to avoid a hangover		I dont mean a Vivarin (200 mgs), just maybe a Jet Alert (100 mgs).	Additional Details Thats a REGULAR strength Jet Alert. I cant tolerate much, 2 glasses of red wine make me regret when I wake up. So I dont actually get "drunk", just tipsy.	
Is it bad to drink alcohol this often		im 16 years old and i drink a beer or two every night of the week		
Would drinking alcohol make my dating life easier less socially awkward		Im 24 years old and I dont drink for a few reasons. Its hindered my social life in the fact that while I do my best to go out with friends, which at this age is mostly bars and the drinking scene, being sober makes my social awkwardness more noticeable, at least to me, and I dont put myself out there like my friends who have had a few drinks. They usually end up going home with guys or taking a few shots to be more flirty, but since I dont drink, I dont feel like I become flirtatious, and I dont just go home with any guy. They seem to be more "dateable" and have nights out with guys. Would I be better off just starting to drink and being more care free when it comes to dating?		
Vegan Alcohol		Whats a good vegan alcohol?		
For a first time DUI, in which no alcohol was involved, only prescribed meds, is a public defender adequate		I was arrested after being pulled over with no headlights on. The officers thought I was "under the influence". Results of my blood test prove that only my prescribed medications were in my blood. Will the dmv still take away my license? Do I need a private attorney for the hearing and/or for court?		
Why should alcohol be legal in Australia, or anywhere else in the world		Im sure you have your answer for why it should be, and thats fine. Now why cant that answer apply to cannabis? A drug that has a less destructive impact on the individual and society as a whole?		
Why is alcohol legal and marijuana illegal when alcohol is worse for you				
Diazepam mixed with alcohol Will I be ok		Ok so tonight I took 2 5MG Diazepam tablets before I went to a social gathering, at said social gathering I had about 5 beers. Will I be ok? And what could the effects of this be?		
Does alcohol kill sperm				
What is the best corn variety to make alcohol out of				
Is it that weird to not want to drink alcohol		Okay, well im 16, and I always feel a little out of place at parties and such because I dont drink. I dont like alcohol at all, Ive had alcoholic family members and I saw how alcohol would change their personality from gentle to a violent monster in a second. I never want to be like that. Also in my religion, alcohol isnt allowed, and kinda frowned down upon. And some people might like feeling "out of it", but I dont, I dont like feeling like I dont have as much control over my body and actions. So why is it seen as "weird", to not want to drink?		
Which beer or alcohol taste best		I dont like bitter taste or any unpleasant taste. Basically, I have a sweet tooth and like chocolate chip cookies and anything that tastes good. Ive never drunk any alcohol before but thinking about trying it out so which one should I get?		
Can someone still have alcoholism if they just drink beer		My boyfriend drinks a lot but not in front if me although he goes to the kitchen a lot. He hides it. I have seen up to ten cans in one day in the bin/trash. I think he is trying since I told him about it. However just as we sit down yo dinner he will make a point of getting up and sipping the beer from the doorway so I can see him. Which I dont understand. He had been ok to me and I know he wouldnt hurt me. In the beginning he was mean but not any more and he wont be drunk around me now.		
Is it okay to hate your alcoholic sister		Shes literally the worst. Shes always been mean to me since we were little and to be honest shes so emotionally exhausting. She has to be the center of attention all the time, she cant have fun without alcohol and tells me Im boring because I dont drink, and she says embarrassing things in public when drunk. When I try to tell her to stop she just talks more and to strangers about lies about our family. Everything she does is for shock value and Im also sick of taking care of her. The worst part is my family is more on her side than mine as they dont want to admit shes got a problem and also because she can be funny sometimes so they find her attention seeking antics acceptably entertaining. Honestly I think the best thing to do is just not go to family events anymore. She is never going to change and Im sick of being mistreated by her. Shes punched me when drunk and refuses to admit she has a drinking problem. Has anyone else cut a family member out because of alcoholism?		
Do alcoholics spend all their money on their habbit		Is this why they can never spend anything on you like a phone call or dinner. That sounds terrible if me but I just need to know if that is the reason or they just dont want to.		
Does anyone think or might know if long term alcoholism could cause severe rheumatoid arthritis		Heres why I ask... My mother first beat me up with a mop when I was taking a little boys nap on my bed. She was 33 and I was 6 years old. What a way to be woken up huh? Around that time, my mom used to get drunk almost everyday. She would take me with her and I had to sit at the bar with her most of the day before my father came home from work. I was told to keep quiet. Around that time, my mom poured laundry detergent down my throat and bleach after that. I was so afraid of her. When I grew bigger and bigger, it was usually the belt every other day. After I retired from the military, my mom had severe rheumatoid arthritis and died from it. So the rest of my question is... Can having way too much guilt cause a person like my mom to get an awful disease like that. Alcohol and smoking killed her too. When I was 15, I didnt take any sh-t from her. I was finally safe when I made it into the service at 17 years old. After retirement, I knew all too well about child abuse.		
When did your parents not care if you drank alcohol		My dad doesnt give a **** at all really but whenever I visit my mom she treats me like a kid when I wanna have some alcohol and says I cant have any. Im 18 years old by the way.		
Which alcohols can be dehydrated to form an alkene		Thanks		
Why doesnt Yahoo Answers have a section on addictions like alcoholism and drug abuse				
Have I developed tolerance to alcohol 		In the last two months Ive been drinking 300ml at-least of vodka, Twice a week. When I first started if I drunk a 350ml bottle, I would find it hard to get home. I would feel like I want to die the next morning. But in the last week. IVE drank a 350ml bottle ALL AT ONCE. then I had like another extra 150ml of vodka 3-4 hours later. The next morning I had NO hangover. Im 15 years old lol. Have I done any permanent damage to myself ? Is this an example of tolerance?		
Am I able to legally drink alcohol if I am 21 but I dont have my adult ID yet		I turned 21 at at the end of July. I had to renew my license because my old one expired on my birthday itself. I renewed it and they never sent me my new license (I go to university abroad, so I was not able to take the license with me, nor do I need it down there). Am I still able to drink as a 21 year old? Can I show my old (expired) license while I wait 3 weeks for my new one?		
Have I developed tolerance to alcohol (I KNOW PHYSICS section but please answer)		In the last two months Ive been drinking 300ml at-least of vodka, Twice a week. When I first started if I drunk a 350ml bottle, I would find it hard to get home. I would feel like I want to die the next morning. But in the last week. IVE drank a 350ml bottle ALL AT ONCE. then I had like another extra 150ml of vodka 3-4 hours later. The next morning I had NO hangover. Im 15 years old lol. Have I done any permanent damage to myself ? Is this an example of tolerance?		
My ears went hot after drinking alcohol		I dont usually drink only on the odd occasion, i usually just have WKD. But the other night I decided to try Vodka, bad idea. my whole face went blood red my ears felt like they was being set on fire, my partner got me some water asap and advised me to lie down I started acting really silly and couldnt stand up straight. My partner and my mom said it seems I cant handle alcohol so its best I stay away from it, I only started to try to drink at 19 but everytime I do I only have abit and it makes me feel weird, Im now nearly 22 years old. x		
Why did smoking become such a taboo in society but alcohol hasnt		Back in the days everyone was smoking, smoking was a regular common thing. But now after all the health problems came out everyone **** themselves and now think people who smoke are bastards and dont care about people around them (which is bullshit) and say we are bad people.But people have always known the problems alcohol causes, internal damage, alcohol poisoning, drunk drivers, alcoholic man beating his wife, but i guess thats just not a problem huh?	Additional Details so smoking is bad for the environment? so is driving, throwing trash on the grounds, and alot of other stuff people dont seem to notice. yes theres no such thing as second hand drinking but there is such a thing as getting run over by a drunk driver.	
Is there ever a situation where alcohol is not the answer			Additional Details Im asking for my Belgian friend, Stella, and my Irish friend, Guinness.	
Do alcoholics have low moods		My boyfriend, whom I thought had cut down on drinking, has days where he just gets in these moods he hardly contacts me stays home for a few days and where he is normally joking and affectionate he gives short texts and and will go hours even a day without contacting me. He gets very sexual sometimes and I get annoyed because he wants sexting and if I ignore him or say do something else he will ignore me When he is this way I cant always get to see him I feel him down and try yo lift his spirits but he just shuts him self off. He just wont talk to me. I feel like he is pushing me away. What can I do to help. I do t like to think him in any pain.		
New Years party and alcohol		Im going to a new years party and I plan on consuming about 2 beers because I have work the next morning (I have no intention on getting drunk) but I do have to be home by 2 in the morning, what is the best way to mask the smell of alcohol on my breath? I heard peanut butter works, is this true? (I am not driving)		
Do you think my gf has a problem with alcohol, or not really		So she loves to go out and get drunk basically, not every weekend, but its gotten to the point where she doesnt even now what shes doing, and she runs around like a drunk. Whenever I see her she often has alcohol with her, and I tell her she doesnt need to drink, she says no but I love it :) She says shes going to get smashed on new years eve, and says shes just having fun. Yesterday I met her, and she had a bottle of vodka with her. But shes only 17, and im 20. Do you think shes developing a problem?		
Alcohol is ruining my life...		First of all let my clarify by saying I do not have a problem with alcohol, my husband however, does. Weve been married only 5 months and I thought us getting married would help with the issue but it hasnt. When my husband gets drunk he is not himself, typical with alcohol, it can turn the nicest person into a demon. Anyways, when my husband gets drunk I have to watch what I say, how I act, what I do, because if I cross him in any way he goes off. I quickly learned of this about a year a half ago, to redeem myself I started saying sorry right away, it was my fault, I didnt mean it. And after that he was okay. First, he gets that way, then during, and after getting sick comes the groveling. Ive never seen a man cry as hard as he does when hes drunk. Im so sorry, please dont leave, this is never going to happen again, I love you....and so on. And after each occurrence I try to go back and live my life normally. Every time he pours a drink I warn him to be careful, and he brushes it off, in one ear out the other. But im almost had enough. He doesnt get drunk all the time, not even often. He only gets drunk when he drinks but he can go weeks at a time. Everything will be going so great and then... He says his father was an alcoholic and blames him for his problem. But how much more of this can I take? Recently it has been happening closer together. And Im thinking that I want to leave. He was drunk last night, it was awful. worse than other times and all day at work today I thought of what to say, or go about leaving him because I am almost to my limit with this and I dont know what to do. I told him today that he was on thin ice with me and alcohol, be smart, dont lose me. I need help, he needs help but every time I warn him, he doesnt listen. I dont know what to do.		
Alcohol and Pool activities at Riu Los Cabos		I booked a trip to the Riu Santa Fe in Los Cabos...What kind of alcohol do they have (teqila beer etc) also I heard that they have games at the bars/pools...What can I come to expect?		
NEW YEARS How much Jell-o and alcohol do I need to make 70 Jell-O shots		I need to make 70 Jell-O shots for New Years how much stuff do I need?		
Alcohol Addiction help		Im a 21 year old college student who started drinking only a few months ago. Ive never drank when I was underage, but ever since I was forced to drink by my friends over the summer, I feel that Im gradually becoming dependent on alcohol consumption. I dont have many friends due to my speech impediment that makes me stammer, so I usually dont get much chance to drink with other people. Because of that, Ive been drinking one or two beers a week by myself, but now Im beginning to feel that this isnt enough. Ive become a lot more depressed and irritable recently, so I find myself reaching for some alcohol to keep myself occupied. Im really scared that Im on the first step of becoming an alcoholic. Any advice will be appreciated.		
How well do we have to know our alcohol to become model cocktail servers aka bottle servers		How well do we have to know our alcohol to become model cocktail servers aka bottle servers at the popular nightclubs and beach clubs in Vegas? Do we need to know the alcohol very well for example the different types of whiskey ( single blend vs vatted blend... Bourbon vs scotch) or is it sufficient to know just the diff brands? I figure, they probably judge you mainly on looks and personality but they do also want you to have a "working knowledge of wine and spirits. " what kind of things do you need to know to have " working" knowledge. Also please dont try to discourage us and say thousands want to do what were doing and that we have no shot. We were already selected to do a group interview at a very popular beach club.		
I want to have alcohol at my birthday party but some of my friends dont drink		My 16th birthday is in february and Im going to be having a 16th birthday party at my house. Well, to be honest its not really a party because Im only inviting around 12 people (all of my friends who i sit with at lunch) but I want to have alcohol there (I live in the UK so the drinking law is at 18, not 21) but some of my friends dont drink and I dont want them to feel uncomfortable. I feel like because its my party I should be able to do what I want to do and not worry about others but I know that I wont be able to just think about myself because I always think about other people before myself, its just in my personality. I just want everyone to have a good time, and I feel (as myself) will really really want alcohol there, but I also feel like some will not want alcohol there. I know you dont need alcohol to have a good time but it does make it better - and also it was one of my other best friends birthdays on December 15th and she had a party as well, about half of us got drunk and were having a great time and the other half just kind of stood their awkwardly and sat down during most of the party... what should I do?		
Will drinking Alcohol after taking Ibuprofen kill you		Ive just took 2 Ibuprofen for a head ache then made myself some food, whilst making the food i forgot that i took some Ibuprofen so i pored myself a glass of baileys (Irish whiskey). Ive not had a sip yet because im not to sure whatll happen. Will it only make me drowsy or will it kill me? Im not bothered either way coz i can still poor it down the sink. Cheers		
Does this girl I like drink beer or any kind of alcohol or get drunk		This girl I like who is really nice and sweet favorited a picture on twitter that said Bucket List 2014 and it had a picture of Aquafina water bottles but the water in them had different colors and it said make skittles vodka and the Aquafina water bottles had green, red, and orange colors, and their was a skittless right by them. I was wondering does this mean she drinks alcohol? Or does it mean she would like to make skittles into a drink and have a skittles flavored drink?		
Wedding and reception venues ironton oh/Ashland key where alcohol is permitted				
Could I be an alcoholic		Im 19 and I drink once a week at the weekend. Sometimes I drink because I want to escape reality and just to forget everything and get drunk with my friends. Sometimes I would drink a bit more to give me more confidence when im around people I dont really know when im out. I get very depressed the day after drinking and I am very shaky and dont feel like eating anything. I usually always drink alot for someone my age when I do drink. I never drink the morning after and I never get cravings for alcohol but there is a history of alcoholism in my family and im just wondering if I may be an alcoholic?		
How long after long-term ibuprofen usage is it safe to consume alcohol		Hi, for the past 10 or so days I have been taking three advil doses a day (equaling to 600mg) for a joint issue. I took my last dose this afternoon. With new years eve coming up tomorrow, I was just wondering if I can drink this soon after terminating my usage of it, since I heard ibuprofen/Advil can weaken stomach lining. Should I give it a few days to "heal" or is it safe to have alcohol after 24 hours or so after terminating long-ish term use?	Additional Details @DDS Thank you for your detailed response! For some reason Ive had a lot of trouble finding a concrete solution to this question through just research. Some sources did indeed say that since Ibuprofen and booze are processed by different organs, they have no interactions, but other sources said mixing the two can cause intestinal bleeding!	
My son wants to go to a party where there will be alcohol what do I do		He assures me he wont drink, but I am afraid for him to go because of the negative atmosphere he will be exposed to. Hes a senior in high school, going to college next year. Please help		
Does alcohol have the same effect on the liver while having mono in its incubation period		Does alcohol have the same effect on the liver while having mono in its incubation period versus while having full symptoms of mono?		
If i just had some milk how long should i wait to drink alcohol				
Does non alcoolic and alcoholic wine have the same taste		I got a MADD (mothers against drunk driving) non alcoholic (cause Im 15 and against underaged drinking) and its really good, its like a pomegrange wine, I just wondered do they have the same taste even if it had alcohol in it? I dont want to drink to find out, I hate the thoght of drinking if Im not 19 yet		
POLL: if you had to vote right now, would you vote to lower to 18, or keep the alcohol drinking age at 21		You need to be 21 to drink in america		
12dpo on new years ever, ttc , will alcohol do bad		Will alcohol lower chances of my fiancee to get pregnant, she is 12 days post ovulation, she starts her menstrual cycle on the 3rd of jan, thats of she gets it, but will a few beers for this new years eve party lower those chances and make her miscarriage???		
How much alcohol did someone drink if yhe blew a .199 Is this alot please someone can u help me undrtstand				
No alcohol in my wedding What do you think		So my (soon to be) husband is a recovering alcoholic. My family (full family, extended too. We are all close knit) and I do not drink (for personal reasons.) The only people that DO drink are his friends and family. (Hes Irish so they always joke around about it being in their blood ahah.) Anyways, due to the reasons I talked about, we will not be having any sort of alcohol (no champagne, wine, etc. This is mostly because of him being a recovering alcoholic.) Do you think my wedding will be boring/ a disaster? Im scared that people wont want to dance or something because they arent drinking.. I also really DONT want people to be piss drunk at my wedding, puking and all. How do I make it fun for everyone despite the no alcohol? Thank you so much!	Additional Details I forgot to add: Im afraid that my family might also feel uncomfortable with the alcohol. Also, there would be no way to monitor how many drinks people have had you know	
If you are under 21 and drive after drinking alcohol, can you be charged with DUI or just Underage Drinking		Or both? If you are below the legal limit to drive .08%, but over the legal limit for a minor which in the State of South Carolina is .02%. (This is a reference question only, Im not asking for legal advice. I am also over the age of 21, and do not drive while intoxicated under any circumstances.) .		
What is a good wine for people who dont like the alcohol taste		I dont like hard alcohol but would like to try wine. I dont get the "wet" and "dry" wine thing. Im new to wines but would really like to give them a try! I dont like the taste of alcohol though. Are there any wines that arent that expensive, can be picked up at a local market, and dont have an alcohol taste to them?		
Alcohol addiction and custody of children		My ex H gets wasted every month or 2. Not when he is with the kid though. We have shared custody. BTW he drank from Christmas...I can tell when he calls the kid that he is drunk. Is this something I can file for full custody?		
Why do we take drugs and alcohol		What the reason and why is some legal and illegal?		
Im worried my crazy roommate spiked my liquor with rubbing alcohol, how much would kill me		Just some background, my roommate has recently physically attacked me and has consistently broken into my room to cause mischief. I just noticed after imbibing some peppermint schnapps that it smells and tastes stronger than it should and the bottle seems fuller than it should be, but I dont know if my roommate would go so far as poisoning me .	Additional Details Also is there a way to test for this because it would make a great case for getting him evicted,	
Not sure if I had alcohol poisoning		Hey guys, so the other night me and my friends decided to drink and I had way to much... Around 15 shots.. I just keep drinking after I was drunk. I know it was stupid of me to do. I couldnt control my self and shouldnt be playing with alcohol. Anyways Im sure I drank more but I dont remember anything after a certain point. My friends told me I puke for 30 minutes straight and wasnt very responsive but was conscious. After that I went to bed. I woke up with the worst hangover of my life. It lasted about 3 days. I had a bad headache stomach ache and felt dizzy and out of it for about 3 days after. Its been 5 days since this night. I feel fine now but tonight watching tv I noticed that when I started to zone out and relax I would feel a little dizzy almost buzzed again. Im not so sure what this is. Anyone know? Thanks. Im also 17, weigh about 170		
Heart races after drinking alcohol		I have never had this problem before. I started drinking when I was in like 9th grade and would drink a lot and during the summers it would be ever night. In 11th grade I got really drunk one night. Like 20 shots and wound up in the hospital because I couldnt breath. No alcohol poisoning though. Every time I get tipsy or drunk now. My heart races, I get nervous and I freak out. Is this happening just cause of that one day? I am now graduated high school and it still happens. Did I screw myself by drinking that much that day		
How to avoid feeling bloated from alcohol		I love getting drunk but every time I drink, I get this unbearable bloated feeling in my stomach and I feel like im about to throw up so I never get to enjoy my drinking. I dont know anyone else with this problem and its very irritating!		
Are there any effects to not drinking alcohol or smoking in a lifetime		Im curious mainly on the effects if you dont drink alcohol your whole life and dont smoke at all, I wondered what it might do to how you age and your insides?		
Why does everyone like to drink alcohol		Nearly every person I know drinks alcohol. I personally dont drink alcohol so I miss out on the social scene but seriously, I cant drink the stuff. Its too strong. Why does everyone like to drink alcohol?		
Im 15 and really dont like alcohol		Is there something wrong with me, I just hate the taste, I find it bitter and not sweet or tasty. I dont know why this is when a lot of people in my family love wine and beer. Im not ashamed about it but I dont know why I dont like it, when nearly everything my gets drunk all the time.	Additional Details *my age	
Lack of sleep and alcohol.		Ive been up for about a day and was wondering if drinking would be fine for tonight? (Its New Years Eve:D)		
How much alcohol before sex		I want to have sex with my gf tonight and there will probably be alcohol. Ive had problems doing it before because I was too nervous, so the alcohol will help I think. But I also dont want it to prevent me from getting it up. So how much is a good amount?		
If I skipped taking Wellbutrin (anti-depressant pill) is it safer to consume alcohol		I have been taking the anti-depressant Wellbutrin for about two weeks now, Im started on a dose of 150mg. I have been researching that it is not good to mix alcohol with anti-depressants and that if you drink while taking Wellbutrin it increases the risk of seizure. So since it is New Years Eve I will be going to a party and I plan to drink at least 4 or 5 beers. I did not take my Wellbutrin pill this morning in hopes that since I did not consume it, I will be fine to drink without the risk of seizure. Do you think I will be fine to drink tonight?		
Online alcohol awareness		Does the state of Connecticut recognize online alcohol awareness classes		
Should I go to this party with alcohol		My good friend invited me to her New Years Eve party tonight on Facebook, and in the group she posted that people can bring alcohol if they want. The thing is, her parents are going to be upstairs during the whole party, so Id say the chances of getting caught are very likely. Ive never gone to a party like this, or even had alcohol, and I really dont want to. My crush is going to the party so thats the only reason I would consider going, but I dont want to be pressured to drink or be there when her parents see a bunch of drunk kids running around their house, lol. Should I go because of the chance that I could kiss my crush at midnight and be a little crazy for once, or should I be a good kid and not go? Thanks!		
Alcohol and painkillers		I took 2 Anadin Extra around 12 pm for toothache, now its half 4 can I drink alcohol (taboo) or how many more hours should I wait? Happy New Year!		
What out of ecstasy or alcohol health tips		So tonight is New years eve and my birthday, but im ill with stomach bloating and gastroenteritis... I really want to have a good time, What would have worse consequences alcohol or an ecstasy pill? I definitely want to do 1 or the other to have a great night but am really worried about my body, does a pill ruin your belly or just go to your head? Thanks		
Is it haram to use breath spray or breath drops that have alcohol in it 		So I used Binaca breath drops....swallowed some..obviously...since its a mouth drop and you have to taste it anyway...I didnt know it had alcohol as an ingredient until later on...Is it haram? Should I stop using it?		
What to expect in alcohol rehab		Now that my date is coming up soon, Im getting pretty nervous about going. I wish I could afford an expensive place with a private room and stuff but Im going to a decent place. I already backed out once so I basically HAVE to go this time. Im hypoglycemic so Im worried about not getting enough to eat and getting dizzy. There seems no way to avoid going. I want to be sober, just scared of this. Its only for about 10 days.		
Fruity Alcohol drinks that are easy to make		What are some easy to make Fruity drinks? Like ones where you can barely taste the alcohol, are pretty simple to make. etc. Thanks!		
I want to become an alcoholic		Im 17 and my life doesnt suck. I have a family that loves me and all that great **** but Im not happy, just cant be, I try, but I just cant stay happy, I always dip back into sadness. Ive seen so many therapists that its ridiculous, but none have helped. I want to drink my life away, until Im just a mass of skin thats incapable of doing anything or thinking because of my alcohol abuse.		
Used arnica gel on hands for a rash will the alcohol content result in me failing an ETG test				
How much alcohol is lethal		Would 1 litre of vodka 40% alcohol volume be lethal for an average size man? Would he even go unconscious?		
When will my alcohol tolerence go up		Im 20 and been drinking since i was 15 ad still i get a buss off of one beer, and this is bad because i like the taste of craft beers, i cant enjoy tthem fully cuz i get drunk too fast		
On 5mg buprenorphine patches.Ok to drink alcohol for New YearFew Irish creams,beer or two,few G&Ts		The patches are for pain relief (mild scoliosis, lower spine goes a little right instead of straight) Been on them for a few days now. The patches (BuTrans) release 5mg of buprenorphine every hour into your system. Thanks.		
Why is alcohol legal but marijuana is not		I dont use either and never would but from what I hear alcohol sounds a lot more abusive and dangerous then marijuana so why arent both legal and heavily taxed?		
Do family interventions with an alcoholic / drug addict usually have a successful outcome				
Coke, MDMA, Weed, and Alcohol		Could combining all of these have any lethal consequences? Reason Im asking is because this past weekend I did them all. It was my first time doing coke and I did a gram spaced out over 4 or 5 hours. I started rolling around 10 and took 1.5 grams of molly throughout the entire night, drank at least a two handles of grey goose and smoked half an ounce with one other person at around 6 in the morning. Could this one night have any long lasting consequences? Was definetly really well hydrated, drinking at least 20 waters throughout the night.. Reason Im asking is because I want to know if I could have a night like this in a month or so and be okay, the come down the next day felt like ****, but if thats all I have to go through its worth it in my opinion.. Had sex a few times that night and it was such a different experience when on everything.. I dont usually drink as often since alcohol at clubs isnt always possible<SEMCOL> im 18, so usually smoke weed and have rolled a lot the past couple weeks.. so i will be taking a break from molly and definetly from coke for at least a couple months but when I come back to it, will i get the same high if i do the same amounts or is my tolerance going to build up from doing coke this one time?		
How can I drink vodka without experiencing the taste of alcohol		What I mean is how much of another liquid should I add and other suggestions are welcome too		
Why do i hate Smoking and Alcohol so much		I just despise it. I start to judge people who smoke or drink, and if someone I am close to does it itll bother me when I sleep. My girlfriend started smoking again and Im worried shes going to even drink again. It just bothers me so much to the point where I start thinking that its not we arent worth it. Help? I need light shed on this, it causes horrible anxiety.		
How long to wait to drink alcohol after taking a migraine pill				
Does ODouls Non-Alcoholic Beer Have Caffeine		I know it may sound like a silly question, but apart from water, malt grains, hops and yeast, to which beer is made up of<SEMCOL> I wondered if to add anything to it (since the alcohol is removed), if the company added caffeine to the beer. If someone could please help me out with this, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! P.S. Any rude or inappropriate comments will be ignored.		
Is it dangerous for someone with special needs to drink alcohol				
Alcohol and ibuprofen		i got my wisdom teeth a while and still have a touch of sensitivity back there. How safe is it to drink a significant amount of alcohol with one or two ibuprofen in me? i mean obviously its probably not good for you... but is it worse than say doing ecstasy or something? its new years eve....		
How much alcohol has evaporated from my bottle of whiskey (if any..)		I accidentally left a bottle of rye whiskey open for 3-5 days in my liquor cabinet. Has it lowered in alcohol content via evaporation significantly? Will the flavor be compromised? I havent drank any yet, and have never tried this particular whiskey, so I have no reference of how its supposed to taste. Its about 65 degrees.		
Can I drink alcohol the day after I was throwing up and having diarrhea (from a norovirus)		So todays New Years Eve and obviously I want to get pretty drunk tonight. However, I had a norovirus yesterday and was throwing up and having diarrhea all day. I feel fine today. I have no fever and I havent thrown up at all. I had diarrhea right when I woke up but I think thats because i held it in last night while I was going to bed. Im eating really mild foods like applesauce and bananas. So, can I drink tonight? Should I drink less? Can I have a couple beers at dinner and some champagne at midnight?		
What is the best resipy for making alcohol from baking yeast, and how strobg will it be				
Whats an appropriate amount of alcohol a teen can drink		Im just curios is like 6.5% a good amount or can I go higher. And dont tell me u shouldnt be drinking alcohol because my mom lets me if Im with her serious answers guys please		
Will a Niacin Pill flush alchohol out of my system and help me pass an alcohol test			I have random drug and alchohol testing and if i drank and then took the pill, would it help me pass a drug and alchohol test? Even the eighty hour test?	
How long after you take the plan b pill can you drink alcohol			I was drugged...long story short I had to take Plan b the day after. I took it 48 hours ago. When can I drink? Im of age. Is it okay for me to drink?	
Caffeine and alcohol please help.		Im not the most experienced drinker and Ive always been nervous with it because my neighbor died because he took cough syrup and then got really drunk after and apparently that killed him. anyways I was having a little rum tonight and I remembered about an hour ago I had a bottled Starbucks frappucino and I know its not a smart idea to mix caffeine with alcohol. should I be worried or concerned? there isnt a high amount of caffeine in the bottles fraps but anyways please help		
Anything to help an overactive bladder + alcohol!		I have an overactive bladder and its so annoying. Ive had to stop drinking caffeine, fizzy drinks, alcohol, stop eating certain foods like spices & tomatoes and although this helps incredibly, theres just one thing that bothers me and thats the fact that I cant drink alcohol. Ive just turned 18, all my friends are going out every weekend drinking themselves silly and I cant even have 1 small glass of wine without needing to pee every minute. Like honestly, Im not over exaggerating when I say every minute. Ill go for a pee, and before ive even pulled my trousers up, I can already feel my bladder getting full again. & literally before ive even walked out the bathroom door, im dying for another wee. Ngl, but I have wet the bed on some occasions. Highly embarrassing considering one of the times I was at my boyfriends house. He understand but its still embarrassing. I was dreading going out last night/tonight (new years eve) because i knew everyone would be drinking and I knew that Id be tempted to do so myself. Ive had one small jagerbomb about half n hour ago and Ive already been for a pee more than I do in a whole day! Its ridiculous. Im tired, but I cant sleep. Im staying at my boyfriends, and as annoying as it is his only bathroom is downstairs. So im having to sleep on his sofa because tbqh, id rather not keep running up and down the stairs every minute. I know you can get treatments to help you with your overactive bladder, but do anyone of them work with alcohol? if yes which ones, and if no, then is there anything to help me? Im losing friends, and Im terrified Im going to lose my boyfriend as he turns 21 soon and I know for a fact hell be wanting to go out more drinking as hes said so himself. I dont want to be a let down, this is driving me absolutely insane and I NEED help. Thank you in advance		
Types of alcoholic drinks		Alright so Im like extremely new to alcohol and stuff..I was just wondering if someone could fill me in on the different types of alcoholic beverages and when they would be served (like dinner hour or whatever), and also in what sort of situation they would be served in.. (Like with dinner, or at a fancy party kind of thing)? Also maybe what each type of drink would go with...like food wise? Thanks! :)		
What am i supposed to say when i taste alcohol around my parents		Im 16 and its annoying that whenever my parents let me have a sip of alcohol, they act like whatever i say is cute or funny. Like, they know that my aunt used to let me drink on almost a daily basis when i was like 12 and i could drink just as much as her and her boyfriend (they dont know that i drink vodka-and-sprite, and fireball with my friends), but still they always laugh when i drink anything alcoholic. Like a few weeks ago, my mom let me have a sip of her fireball thinkin id be like "eww disgusting, im never drinking again in my life" but i was like "oh its ok" and she started laughing and she was like "liar" but then today they let me taste some shampagne and i was like eww thats gross, and they both started ****** laughin their asses off. Like what am i supposed to say and still be taken srsly?	Additional Details Nicole: but they always ask how it was if i dont say anything. Nicole: but they always ask how it was if i dont say anything.	
My brother went to a party were there is alcohol!		Yes, I know its New Years, and everyone wants to have a good time. My brother which is 16 went to a party where they were playing beer pong and had all sorts of drugs. My parents know he went, but they dont know what theyre doing! Im scared hes going to do something stupid. I want to tell my parents but I dont want to get my brother mad! Me and my brother are like best friends, what should I do?? Please help! /:	Additional Details This isnt his first time going to a party. While my parents where in Mexico he would leave around 12 and come back at like 3 drunk! Hes smoked bud months ago, and at this party they were going to have many more drugs! And im sure of it because he told me! I dont want to get him in trouble but thanks for the answers! I guess just let him "experiment" hopefully he doesnt do something stupid. Happy New Years! :)	
How bad is it to drink liquor/alcohol with diet pills				
Is there any alcohol or some place to buy alcohol today in new years eve in washington dc near capitol hill				
How to get rid of an alcohol buzz		Since it was New Years Eve I had a few drinks tonight. Usually on New Years Eve I stick to just a wine cooler or two and other low alcohol content drinks, but this year I tried out some real stuff- "whipped cream flavored vodka." It didnt even taste like alcohol, which is probably why I ended up drinking the amount I did. I wouldnt say Im DRUNK, but I can feel that buzzy/tingling/head-detached-from-the-bo? feeling and to be honest I hate it! When I get up I feel dizzy, my head just feels fuzzy and I dont like it at all. Is there any thing I can do to get rid of it or make is pass quicker?		
How much alcohol will get me tipsy		Ive never drank alcohol before. Im a woman, 23 years old, 411 & 73 pounds. I was wondering how much alcohol will get me tipsy? Maybe Im going on a date with a guy this week, and he said he wanted to go for a drink at a bar but I dont want to get drunk in public.. Thanks.		
Christians: Is drinking alcohol a sin	~		I know some Christians do not drink alcohol, and that some do. So what exactly does the religion say about it, specifically? Thanks	Additional Details Is there any sort of Biblical proof to go along with that, at all? Thanks
Why do I always get sick from Alcohol			Ive drunk alcohol on three different occasions. 1: Two Cruisers over the period of 2 hours 2: Two Sugar Free Cruisers over the period of half an hour 3: 2 x Midori and soda over the period of 1.5 hours. The next morning I always have pain in the stomach, constipation or diarrhea. The second occasion I had excessive bloating to the point where I couldnt move until I went to the bathroom. I have celiac disease but all the alcohol Ive drunk is gluten free. I suspected its because I get dehydrated. Help!	
Afraid to sleep after drinking alcohol		For New Years Eve I had a couple drinks, with permisson from my parents, of real alcohol (I had vodka mixed with soda and this Irish cream alcohol mixed with coffee). Earlier I just felt a tingly/buzz/warm feeling but now Im feeling incredibly sick. I think I drank more than my body could take. My head is spinning when I get up or move and I have severe nausea. When I close my eyes I get this flying/dizzy feeling and the nausea gets worse! I tried drinking water and it didnt help, I tried eating some food and taking some tums but both just made me feel more nauseous! Any suggestions on how to make the nausea go away? I just want to go to sleep but Im afraid Ill throw up in my sleep and choke and die or something. Any idea what I should do?		
How come im feeling sick (Alcohol)		I had two bottles of drink on an empty stomach last night (stupid idea) and i wasnt drunk but i woke up today and im feeling nauseous, i have a headache and i feel a little dizzy. I dont really think it was the alcohol but im not sure.. any idea? and any cures?		
Questions about drinking alcohol!!		Okay, please do NOT judge me or tell me not to drink. First of all let me say, that i would never drink outside of my house, because i cant imagine coming home drunk and letting my parents see me that way. They do not drink at all and in fact they are totally against it. Although when they have parties they invite their friends over that do bring tons of alcohol. Ive always wanted to get drunk but at home, that way if i felt sick or something i could just sleep and lay down in my bed and stuff. I was planning on trying tonight but i didnt get the chance. Anyways.. im 14 (almost 15), i weigh a little over 100 (just guessing because i havent weighed myself in months, but last time i was 96). Im 5"1. I DO NOT plan on becoming addicted to alcohol. I just for once want to see what its like to get drunk. OKAY, now you see im really scared of throwing up. After giving you my weight and stuff how much would you say i have to drink to throw up? Im not planning on drinking anytime soon, but if they do have a party later on, while 1 or 2 glasses of white sparkling wine or something make me puke? What about a whole bottle of beer? Just so you know, theres kids younger than me getting drunk almost every other night. I do not plan on becoming an alcoholic, i just want to try it now to see what its like so i can avoid being drunk "for the first time" when im 18. Just please no rude answers, and answer this seriously. Also if possible could you tell me what kind of drinks make you sick easily and approximately how much of it makes you sick. (Just please try and guess with the info i gave you about myself) Thank you all so much!		
FIRST TIME DRINKING ALCOHOL (help me out please) :)		Okay, please do NOT judge me or tell me not to drink. First of all let me say, that i would never drink outside of my house, because i cant imagine coming home drunk and letting my parents see me that way. They do not drink at all and in fact they are totally against it. Although when they have parties they invite their friends over that do bring tons of alcohol. Ive always wanted to get drunk but at home, that way if i felt sick or something i could just sleep and lay down in my bed and stuff. I was planning on trying tonight but i didnt get the chance. Anyways.. im 14 (almost 15), i weigh a little over 100 (just guessing because i havent weighed myself in months, but last time i was 96). Im 5"1. I DO NOT plan on becoming addicted to alcohol. I just for once want to see what its like to get drunk. OKAY, now you see im really scared of throwing up. After giving you my weight and stuff how much would you say i have to drink to throw up? Im not planning on drinking anytime soon, but if they do have a party later on, while 1 or 2 glasses of white sparkling wine or something make me puke? What about a whole bottle of beer? Just so you know, theres kids younger than me getting drunk almost every other night. I do not plan on becoming an alcoholic, i just want to try it now to see what its like so i can avoid being drunk "for the first time" when im 18. Just please no rude answers, and answer this seriously. Also if possible could you tell me what kind of drinks make you sick easily and approximately how much of it makes you sick. (Just please try and guess with the info i gave you about myself) Thank you all so much!		
If I dont drink alcohol, smoking and/or do drugs, am I sad Am I boring for not doing those things		My whole family drinks alcohol and some of my family smoke cigarettes. am I boring? because Ive never ever tried and never do those things.	Additional Details Im also 15 years old.	
Severe alcoholic parent		Hi, Im 16 years old. My Dad is a severe alcoholic. He drinks a wack load of booze (10 to 14 beers, 1/3 of a bottle of hard liquor, possibly more? per day) and passes out a once or twice per week. From the moment he comes home from work in the evening, he starts chugging beer back, gets drunk within an hour, and starts playing video games all evening. I rarely see him, and when I do, half the time hes so drunk he cant even remember my name. By 8 or 9pm hes switched over to hard liquor (whisky, vodka). I have tried confronting him about his problem, as my mom also has, and he slurs "Im not an alcoholic". According to my mom, he has been like this since he was a teenager, first getting drunk when he was just 8 years old, and becoming a regular drunk by the time he was 14. The only reason my dad can hold a job is because he has learned to work with a hang over or has become alcohol independent. His dad (my grandpa) was also a severe alcoholic. My mom was an alcoholic but quit regular drinking when she became pregnant with me. She has one glass of red wine on Friday night and Saturday night and has only relapsed once (gotten drunk) since quitting. I really dont know what to do at this point. I have asked him to quit, I have told him hes a drunk, my mom has asked him to quit, my mom has told him hes a drunk. I dont like alcohol personally (beer is gross, hard liquor is gross, red wine is meh -- *my friends pressured me into trying these things at parties), so Im not to concerned about becoming an alcoholic myself, but I dont know what to do anymore about my dad. Ive tried everything I think I could try. Please help! Suggestions appreciated!		
Paracetamol & Alcohol Hangover		Happy new year everyone! - Right, im a little hungover today (well, very!) is it ok to take paracetamol for my head? I was sick last night (well technically this morning) so will it be ok to take it? I always thought you couldnt mix paracetamol , etc.. With alcohol? As itll still be in my system wont it? Thanks.		
What socialising pastimes can I do at night which doesnt involve alcohol 		I need to start going out a few times a week at night , but everything I wanna do is only open in the day . the only things which are open at night is pubs , and im never doing pubs again !!		
Whites of eyes turning yellow after alcohol		The last couple of times Ive had alcohol (which were 4 months apart, Im not a heavy drinker), the morning after Im extremely ill, vomiting all day until the evening, racing heart and the whites of my eyes turn yellow. This happens after a very small amount of alcohol though, for example one night I had 2 vodka and cokes and on a different night I had two cans of cider. Could this be an allergic reaction or an intolerance? Because it seems unlikely to be liver problems considering I dont drink much and havent done anything that could have caused that.		
Why do people drink alcohol		I personally think it tastes and smells terrible and the only reason someone would drink it would be to get drunk...but there are no positives of being drunk. You lose brain cells when drinking, it damages the liver and you wake up with a headache and feel miserable. So whats the point?		
Cannabis in Colorado is now as legal as alcohol. Your thoughts Good or bad		Meaning, its still regulated, as only adults 21 & over can purchase. It also generates a lot of tax revenue for the state, and will also create new jobs as a new industry gets its start. I find it amazing when people who disagree when they say "I dont want my dentist high on weed when hes working on my teeth." Alcohol has been legal for several decades. Has there been any major issues with drunk dentists & doctors? It would be illegal for them to operate in their profession while drunk, and the same rules would apply to being high. Same rules with DUIs, or trafficking/selling your own supply (you cant sell your own bootlegged liquor).	Additional Details Awesome Pawsome: THC stays in the system long after its effects have gone away, because it attaches to fat cells which take longer to "disappear." It should be illegal to not hire someone for having THC in their system. Ive also never heard of companies that wont hire you because you smoke. They may have a no-smoking policy at their company, but I never heard a company say that you cant even smoke on your own time at home or elsewhere. Awesome Pawsome: Obviously law enforcement should adjust to THC rules. THC that has been in the system for a long time would only be detected through urine or blood tests. Breathalyzers can detect if someone had recently smoked. And of course the field sobriety tests would also suffice. ranger_co_1_75: "How much tax revenue has it generated?? NONE so far." I like how you just MADE up that statistic just now. The law just went in to effect obviously, but given the millions in sales, it suggests that millions of tax revenue has been generated: http://www.nbcnews.com/video/nightly-new? Please show me a link showing that tax revenue was not generated from cannabis sales at medical dispensaries in California. Jepchamp: Yes, I know alcohol was legal before Prohibition -- my statement was in reference from the time of Prohibition til now.	
Is there anyone out there over the age of 21 who has never tried alcohol		Im going to be turning 21 years old soon and I have a friend who is telling me Im being stubborn by rususing to try any alcohol, and I know when the day gets closer my older brother is going to start bugging me about it to. I did try strawberry wine a few years ago at a church but it was just a drop on some bread. So I was wondering if Im the only person who is refusing to drink ever.		
Allergic reaction to alcohol, please HELP		So I had some mike hard lemonade nothing to extreme for new years. well the last one I had I was drinking it "normally" then all of sudden I had this tingling filling in my throat and after like 2 mins my throat felt tight. I waited for about an hour an half because I honestly had no idea what to do.I had no other symptoms besides throat being tight. I could still breathe fine it just felt like something stuck in my throat. What is weird is that Im not allergic to any foods, so I know it was the alcohol. But I have had it before with no problems. Well after I tried to keep calm I went to wal-mart and got some benodryl and took 2 tablets it seems to help a lot. My throat doesnt feel tight anymore. I do feel really tired from the bendryl though.Im wondering am I going to be fine? Im really worried and just I guess shocked because idk it just felt so real. Fyi: I have no rashes no swelling (besides the throat- no fever. nothing like that. anyone that could give me advice or ease my mind a lil if everything is okay, or something similar happen to you? would be much appreciated. thanks.		
How many drinks to get alcohol poisoning urgent		how much vodka would i need to drink to have alcohol poisoning? im a girl, 58.5"-59", 130-135 lbs. also, what are the signs of alcohol poisoning coming on?	Additional Details im going to a party later where the only alcohol will be vodka, and i just want to be safe. i can usually drink a lot (of beer, at least) without being too too drunk. also, i once did 3 tequila shots and a daiquiri and i wasnt even buzzed, so im a heavyweight i guess. thank you!! 6 drinks, got it. :) i definitely definitely dont want to pass out, no offense to the male population but im not gonna trust a single one of you with an unconscious me	
Am I going to be allergic to alcohol for my life!		Last night was New Years and Im a freshman in high school so I havent really gone to a "real" party yet so I havent really drank yet but I think Im going to soon. Last night I had 2 small cups of champagne and I got a stomach ache. Im scared that Im going to be like allergic to alcohol and its gonna ruin my high school life. Am I like allergic to alcohol or something or why did that happen?		
Apple pie alcohol drink.		My birthday is coming up so im looking for great alcohol drinks that dont have any alcohol taste cuz I hat the taste I found this recipe called Apple pie punch with cider and Apple juce and everclear and was wondering if anyone tried something like it did it have an alcohol taste. Also if you know of any other drink id love to know it		
How long till alcohol is out of my system		I was assigned by the court to do tasc until i give 3 consecutive clean urine tests. I havent smoked pot in 24 days and i only smoked once in the past 52 days so i think im good in that area. I drank last night December 31st, i had about an ounce of whiskey, ounce of tequila, 2 ounces of vodka and a couple beers. Before yesterday i hadnt had a drink in about 5 days. I will likely be urine tested tomorrow (January 2nd) is 2 days enough time it out of my system?		
Marijuana is safer than alcohol, true or false				
Is one can of beer the same alcohol percentage as a shot of whiskey				
How do singles meet without involving alcohol		What kind of social venues could I go to?		
Why are there different glasses for different alcohols		why do you have to have a specific glass for every alcoholic drink?		
Help. Alcohol and overdose		Ive been feeling down lately... Idk. Anyway. December 30th, I took 4225mg of Tylenol, then December 31st I drank til I passed out. Now, January 1st, I took another 3575mg of Tylenol. Because of the alcohol, or because of the Dec. 30th dose, is there any risk taking it? Like was it dangerous? The latest dose isnt even an overdose. But its not toxic or anything, right?		
Is dragon soop strong alcohol		im going to a party, and my friends always have dragon soop, i want to drink it but they all drink 2 cans, will 2 cans get a 14 year old drunk?		
Why do I always get sick from Alcohol		Ive drunk alcohol on three different occasions. 1: Two Cruisers over the period of 2 hours 2: Two Sugar Free Cruisers over the period of half an hour 3: 2 x Midori and soda over the period of 1.5 hours. The next morning I always have pain in the stomach, constipation or diarrhea. The second occasion I had excessive bloating to the point where I couldnt move until I went to the bathroom. I have celiac disease but all the alcohol Ive drunk is gluten free. I suspected its because I get dehydrated. Help!		
Alcohol through semen		Im pregnant and was wondering if the fathers alcohol consumption can harm our unborn children through the semen		
What alcoholic beverages do not bloat you		Last night I had a few drinks: 1 bottle of beer 2 shots of apple smirnoff vodka 1/2 a glass of champagne 1 bottle of hard apple cider. I was a little tipsy but not drunk. HOWEVER, I always get bloated. It doesnt matter WHAT i drink. What should I do and what beverages do not bloat?		
Why is it socially acceptable to drink alcohol and get drunk		Why is it the right and good thing to do?		
Is my mum an alcoholic		every time I come home from my dads (every other weekend) she is always drunk off her head. every time she drinks ,she drinks like a whole bottle of Smirnoff vodka. shes agressive and me and my sisters always end up upset or scared of her or angry. one minute shed be like  sry im a little tipsy  then the next minute shes all angry and load. when ever she gets drunk she does it on purpose and invites her boyfriend whos oviously an alcoholic, or if she dosnt invite him she will call him and start crying and ask for attention. Her boyfriend used to live with us for like a year, and it was horrible. they would get drunk often lke every week and the house would always be messy. shes a completly different person wen shes not drunk. wen shes drunk shes really horrible to me and my sisters, like she tells us to our face how we were all mistakes and she says  god why did u give me these horrible children. wenever i try to talk to her about it she ignores me or goes so u never did anthing bad in your life.	Additional Details also she pretended her an her boyfriend wernt together the WHOLE time he was living with us and they r still kinda together now, most times i get back from my dads he was there so..	
Unsupervised visitation without Drug and Alcohol Treatment Or Batters Treatment Washington State		If you think youve read this already you havent, I apparently left out information people needed to reply correctly. I have to go to court again to fight my ex, the same fight Ive already fought 6 times in 4 years. Last time we were in court was Sept. 2012, he was ordered to complete a drug and alcohol Evaluation & a Domestic Violence Evaluation, then he was ordered to "comply with their suggestions". A restraining order was also put in place keeping him from me. Since then he completed the evaluations in October 2013-a year later and FAILED them both, both suggested 58 week long "treatments" for him and hes refused to do anything theyve "suggested". In March 2013 I supervised visits for him because he REFUSED TO SEE THEM AND PAY FOR IT OR USE ONE OF THE APPROVED SUPERVISOR AND MY SONS HADNT SEEN HIM IN ALMOST 1/2 of A YEAR. I did this 4-5 times but STOPPED when he threw food and dishes at me, the 1st week of April. I DID it because he hadnt SEEN our sons since October (so, 1/2 a year) and said hed only see them if I supervised. Then I refused to supervise anymore after he attacked me. His response was to contact my every day, multiple times a day, to contact my grandpa and my mom whenever I dont reply to his 100+ text and then when I would threaten to report him hed black mail and say "Ill tell the court you supervised visits in March, then youll get in trouble"(The order restrains HIM from ME, NOT VICE VERSA). He scared me and kept texting and calling until August when I finally called police and reported him, I TOLD ON MYSELF in the police report and I apologized for disrespecting the court order, and explained our sons hadnt seen him in 5 months and that I thought I was doing the right thing until he attacked me and then after refusing to supervise he just kept calling/texting/showing up at my house from March UNTIL then and when I would threaten to report him that hed tell me Id get in trouble for March. He took two plea deals and plead guilty to violating the restraining order twice, I asked the court NOT to send him to jail but rather to make him complete the "treatments" he was ordered to do in family court in a timely fashion and they did just that. His whole declaration reads that Im just a control freak whos trying to put him in jail. He also disputes that I only supervised in March and the 1st week of April-instead attempting to portray it via "letters he typed himself" from me (on a Word Processor) that Ive let him come over to my home since April and have been in contact/offering to "supervise" when hed bring me "marijuana" or "groceries-NEITHER IS TRUE and I DID NOT TYPE the "LETTERS" he typed himself. As it stands I am the SOLE custodial parent, he has supervised visits once a week and has seen the boys 17 times in the last SEVENTEEN MONTHS. So, my question is now he wants to go to court and get unsupervised visits but he hasnt done the treatments? Knowing all of the above, it is MORE likely or LESS likely that hed some how get out of supervised visitation? His declaration reads as though hes on violated the restraining order multiple times BECAUSE I WAS INSISTENT HE DO SO TO SEE OUR SONS-(AN ABSOLUTE LIE)-BUT, he had NO evidence beyond made up things hes "typed" up himself?		
Whats the Percent Composition of Cinnamyl alcohol				
What is evidence of alcohol produced by yeast				
Alcohol mixed with Tylenol (acetaminophen)		If a person took Tylenol while drinking alcohol what would be the side effects? Would a combination of the two be lethal? How so?		
What is the legal age to serve alcohol in florida		I live in Orlando florida and Im 18 and I want to apply for a server position in a restaurant..no bartending just waitressing and It asked me if I was of legal age to serve alcohol, Im not sure what it is for florida. I keep getting mixed answers to this question so Im not sure...if anyone can help it would be greatly appreciated thanks:)		
Is alcohol supposed to burn your throat		So last night I went to a New Years party and drank for the first time, I literally have NO IDEA what I was drinking. I took 4 shots of something, and then a whole cup of something mixed with Mountian Dew, and some beer. It burned my throat whenever I took the shots and the mountain dew mixed with something, and it kinda burned my chest. Today my throat has been sore all day. Is this normal?	Additional Details Im 15.	
Christians most muslims are teetotallers, never ever consume alcohol even once.whereas none from nonmuslims.			Additional Details Nonmuslims dont even know Alcohol is the mother of all Evils. searching for point in the question? no wonder WEST has the highest rate of crime.	
How long does alcohol affect erections		I drank on New Years. It wasnt a lot but I couldnt keep an erection all the day after. How long will this last? Sone times it happens when I drink and sometimes it doesnt. How long does alcohol normally affect this and how long does alcohol stay in my system for?		
How long does it take alcohol to leave the body		New Years party last night and I drank a lot of alcohol, unfortunately I have bloodwork tomorrow morning and Im wondering if the alcohol will affect my test results?		
Would marijuana be in stores like alcohol and cigarettes in colorado and washington		it said it had been legalize for recreational use while california is only for medical use. does that mean you dont need medical papers to buy just like alcohol and ciggs just an id?		
I had 2 very small tastes of alcohol last night that wasnt		Even enough to swallow and I was etegg tested right away this morning and Im freaking out wondering of I failed. Can anyone tell me if I should be worried or not? like I said. Not even enough to consider a "swallow fu" just covered the tongue. Please someone help me		
Does alcohol show up for urine test		it was new years and some friends and i drank half a bottle of nicoli (however its spelled. Will it show up in my urine if i get p*ss tested on the 15 at childrens hospital?		
If your from the states and under 21 can you buy alcohol from and different country				
My mother is an alcoholic and i need help. Does anyone know of any free treatment centers that can help		My mother is a alcoholic! Theres no words to describe this disease <SEMCOL>( my dad sleeps in his car while my mom sleeps in a one bedroom "house" with my little brother. This "house" is literally the size of an average living room :( and for everyone who knows what im talking about.... this house is trashed. Im in desperate help to recover my family. I am 21, who left the home at age 13 because i couldnt handle the abuse anymore ( I chose to go to foster care)....unfortunately I left my little brother alone with my mothers alcohol problems(my biggest regret.) He is currently has to deal with my mothers alcohol abuse on a daily basis and this breaks my heart. My father sleeps in his car because he is scared of sleeping inside the house. She gets really violent and destroys everything inside the house if she my dad or if she doesnt like something. its like walking on egg shells!!!! If this isnt rock bottom i dont know what is....... please help!!!!!!! does anyone know of any free rehab facilities or programs out there that can help my mom???		
I used rubbing alcohol on my face!!		So I had a bunch of acne around my chin + mouth area, and I read somewhere that rubbing alcohol would make it disappear. So I applied some and saw wonders the next day - as all the pimples were gone. But then the day after that, the whole area became flaky and started peeling! Ive been applying lotion to it constantly. Is there anything else I should be doing? Or is it all right??		
Do i have alcohol poisoning		Okay. So i drank with my friends. Smirnoff and wine. & i woke up the next day, well today. & i was fine. But now its night time. & im getting cold chills. & i look a little pale. & my throat is sore. & im shaking. I might just be paranoid. But i dont know.. im just scared. I know you can die from it.		
What age can you serve alcohol in a pub or club in GB				
I think Im having a allergic reaction to alcohol (underage)!		yesterday I was drinking and by then I have had 4 mike hard lemonades. after one last sip I started to feel tingling in my throat and my throat felt tight well still kinda does. I was at my friends house when I was drinking so my mom doesnt know that me drinking may be the cause of it. I dont know if its gonna be worse i keep taking benadryl to help it, does for a lil but then my the tightness comes back I have no fever no rash no headache. just tightness of throat. Im pretty i need to go to the doc but im afraid my moms is gonna get in trouble for me drinking because im only 16. I know your prob thinking thats really stupid. but iv been already taken from my mom before for a completely diff situation but it scares me that I might get my mom into serious trouble :/ PLEASE HELP.		
If someone has internal bleeding due to "alcohol abuse" how long until they die if left untreated				
Air Force BMT drug & alcohol testing		I leave for the Air Force in January 7th, on New Years I had a cup of Hennessy and a half a bottle of white wine. I havent had any marijuana in about 30 days and this was my first time drinking in a long time. Do you think Ill be ok? I drink a lot of water everyday and work out everyday if not every other day. Please give me some insight, thanks and happy new year everyone!		
Why are aliphatic alcohols rapidly benzoylated in the absence of alkali in contrast to phenol				
What drink has the most percent of alcohol in it				
How long can alcohol be contained in a hip flask for		Hi i got a hip flask as a gift this year, i want to put some whiskey in it. How long can whiskey stay fresh in a stainless steel hip flask. And is it the same for vodka and rum. All answers will be well appreciated. Thanks :)		
What kind of drink can you ask for at a club or bar if you are unable to drink alcohol		Besides coke.		
Did I have alcohol poisoning		So yesterday I got drunk with a friend around half one in the morning I had flavoured vodka which was 14.5% we had half each pretty much I drank that very quickly then we moved on to shots that was 10% each we had 6 each and of course downed them l very quickly then we moved onto martini with cream soda, yes sounds disgusting but thats all we had to weaken it. By then I was already feeling drunk and it felt more easy finishing off the martini and so I did, but very quickly I became a nightmare and my friend couldnt keep me still, basically very very drunk and early that morning I woke up feeling very sick this was about 5 in the morning an from then on I was throwing up constantly, as soon as Id been sick I would need to throw up 2 minutes later no exaggeration! My body was forcing me to be sick even though there was nothing left in my stomach to throw up, I could even keep down a sip of water, this went on till around 9-10pm which then I eventually fell asleep. Worse than it sounds		
Which statement about the 18th Amendment to the Constitution prohibiting alcohol is correct		A.It was repealed by the 21st Amendment. B.It was vetoed by President Harding. C.It was nullified by the Supreme Court. D.It was reversed by voter referendums. I think it is A, but im not sure. Can someone tell me if i im correct or incorrect and if incorrect tell me the correct answer. Please and thank you.		
Where is a good wedding venue in Columbus,oh that will allow outside catering and alcohol		My fianc and I are planning a wedding in August. We are planning for around 200 people... I am a picky eater and not a fan of all that fancy food from banquet halls. Thanks in advance!! :)		
What are societys attitudes towards women choosing not to drink alcohol		I know that people commonly see a man not drinking alcohol as wussy, but what if a woman does not drink alcohol?		
Want to have alcohol at my birthday but some of my friends dont drink		About 1/3 of my friends dont drink, should I have alcohol? I want to have a good time but I dont want them to feel uncomfortable.		
A wretch dost an alcoholic make Can Grace save a drunkard		i just witnessed, 2 hours ago, a drunken woman walking in the snow falling down with only a coat and no gloves.I was in the drive thru 20 feet away in a fast food place .She almost fell the other way into a 4 lane road...instead fell back towards me. She appeared confused as to which way she was walking after the fall. I drove out to the drive of the little strip mall and told her I saw her fall,and asked if she needed a ride somewhere. She agreed and said she was walking to our local WalMart. This was yet another mile away. The splurred spleach and the alcohol smell was a dead give away she was pretty well drunk. I asked her where her gloves were ( it was 12 degrees outside (53.6 Celsius) she said " i forgot them" She went on to tell me she pulled her girl friend out of that same road early this summer, when they were walking to the store. Her friend had stumbled and fell too. before I dropped her off yeah I gotta go here and then the liquor store. Ive known many people in at least 7 states I have lived, that when the liquor store is closing at 8 or 10 pm ,they will ask who wants what at the liquor store (as polluted and splurred splrach that they are) because they want some more before they close. What went so wrong in life people drink to drunkenness beyond being mild of spirit? Getting drunk does nothing but magnify the reason they are drinking so heavily. How can ones like this experience true Grace?	Additional Details @candle...what type of religion is AA? How can one except God without knowing Grace? Aggy Thanks dont remeber how to convert Celsius . I multiplied the 12 x 1.8 and added 32. messed it up sorry! LoL @ bother tucker Yep. I have had 1 severe and 2 over the border alcoholics up close and personal in life. Most times the addiction leads to ...2 drinks are to many and 6 or 10 or more isnt enough. Personally I drink Long Island Iced teas. one is usually enough. Sometimes 2 or 3 .Usually it is one and done.When I feel it I stop.Who wants to talk to someone who is unintelligible.Some say it is hereditary? My father abused it all the time Went to AA and fell back off the wagon. They all seem to feel wretched when they get that drunk. @ Glow~n~Wings....I know the feeling.You cannot reason with drunkenness neither. I was usually designated driver at parties. Due to my own willingness to stop drinking long before anyone else. I have had to much on other occasions in life. Trying to drink when upset only makes matters worse and then you can be wretchedly sick. Some are addicted to daily overdoses of alcohol.I love a little livened spirit, just not always to the extreme. I always heard Amazing Grace sung about wretches. I think abuse of it turns many into feeling wretched as well.... wretchedly sick.	
My mom drinks too much alcohol everyday		It started 2 years ago and every night she would alcohol. We have a bunch of alcohol in our basement and she can finish 2 bottles of wine in a week... She claims that drinking wine every night is good or something... and the amount of alcohol she drinks is a lot.... BUT that being said I dont think she depends on it or anything. but she would drink a lot. She still acts perfectly normal and and she is still how she always is. Her lifestyle didnt change or anything its perfectly fine, and she never got drunk (or at least I dont think she ever did cause she doesnt go out at all so basically everytime she drinks I witness it) and she doesnt abuse me or anything... So everything is normal, shes normal, nothing really changed... So is she an alcoholic?		
How long does alcohol stay in your system when medecine is in yoyr bloodstream				
What will the alcohol do to me!		So recently, Ive been drinking just to get things of my mind, not enough for me to pass out but get very tipsy.. Ive been doing it most nights, and was just wondering if it would actually cause any harm to me? If something was to happen would it happen after a lot of drinking? Or could it be after very few?	Additional Details For the past few nights ive just been mixing drinks together such as<SEMCOL> vodka, red wine, peach schnapps and brandy	
What does it feel like to be buzzed off alcohol		Im 17 and a senior in High School, and I made it my mission to stay away from all drugs and alcohol as I never understood why its enjoyable. All my Friends were partying and having fun on Winter break And Im starting to get curious. Whats so good about drinking? what does it feel like?		
288 mg methylphenidate, 220 mg fluoxetine, 4 shots of 40 proof alcohol...will I be okay		Im an 18 year old, 510, 120 lb girl. My normal daily dose is 90mg concerta (except Ive only been taking 54 the past few weeks) and 40 mg prozac (except Ive only been taking 20 the past few weeks). But yeah I ended up taking 288 mg concerta and 220 mg prozac this morning then had some kahlua which is 40 proof alcohol. I felt really weird for a while and I feel better now but Im having some bad stomach/abdominal pains....should I be worried? I dont want to go to a doctor unless absolutely necessary cause I really cant afford it right now. Thanks so much!		
Alcohol worsening a cold		I was just getting over a cold on New Years Eve & consumed alcohol that night at midnight. I wasnt fond of mine, so I swapped with my dad - who thinks he has h1n1 now. The next day I felt sick again. I doubt like hell I got what my dad has...Im sure my cold just came back. Does alcohol worsen colds?		
CHECK IN BAG WITH ALCOHOL UNDER 21		Im going back to college and I want to bring a bottle or two back on the plane. I know the airlines allow a 5lb limit on alcohol, but if they do check my bags, would they know that Im under 18? Also, is this a high-risk situation by any means? I really dont want to get into trouble over a bottle or two. Thanks!		
Please help...urgent! Overdose on prescription drugs and alcohol		Ok so Im an 18 year old 510 120 lb girl. I took 288 mg Concerta (methylphenidate), 220 mg Prozac (fluoxetine), 4 shots of 40 proof alcohol, and a large coffee a few hours ago. (My normal daily prescription is 90 mg Concerta and 40 mg Prozac....the past few weeks Ive only taken 54 mg Concerta and 20 mg Prozac though...) I felt really weird for a while and feel better now but Im having bad stomach/abdominal pains. What should I do??? Id rather not go to a hospital or doctor if possible because I cant afford it right now. Thanks!		
How did I get sober if Im alcoholic			Been sober for over 550 days. I went to detox then straight to rehab for just and told without AA Id never make it Some say if you can do it with out AA your not alcoholic. I used to drink a 1.114 liter of liquor a day starting off with a few beers in the morning and shaking became an everyday occerance, I could barely go 4 hours without alcohol. Id only sleep a few hours at a time, if I wasnt drunk I was withdrawing. The few times I had my BAC tested I was in the lethal range and I would still be walking around causing havoc and I didnt black out at all with a success rate so low in rehab, how did I, probably the worst one there quit? I honestly dont know, maybe I was tired of making excuses for my self, I find it hard to beleive almost everyone leaving rehab would chose to drink within the next month, but I came out really believing it as a choice and told myself no matter how I feel or happens I wont drink for at least a year. Maybe rehab putting it in everyones head that their born thar way is setting them up for failure, thoughts and opinions??	
Good alcoholic drink while on diet		Id love to know the alcohol with the least calories/least fattening. My friends love to drink and I also like to drink here & there so I just wanna know a good alcoholic drink to consume while on a diet? I know youre not supposed to drink at all but I gotta have fun sometimes too?		
Missouri SIS probation for MIP- By consumption of alcohol		I had court today for a mip- by consumption of alcohol. I got sentenced to 1 year sis(supervised) probation and a fine and what not. I have one concern. I believe(not posotive) i have to take urine tests once a month. Yes, i smoke marijuana from time to time and i know i wont be able to pass the first urine test. My questions are A.) Does Missouris SIS probation(texas county) require urine tests? B.) if so what would be the best way to go about this situation? Should i just tell him look, i wont be able to pass the first ua for marijuana since it takes so long to get out of your system. 3.) will my probation get revoked if i do have to take a urine test and fail?		
Can I bring alcohol to sweden in my suitcase if im underage in the US		Im 18 and Im going to visit my boyfriend in Sweden, my mom wants to give his mom a gift (rum) but here in the US i dont know if its legal for me to take it to Sweden? Does anyone know if I can?		
Is birth control and alcohol a bad mix		I just started birth control about 4 weeks ago and ever since Ive been nauseous a lot, especially at night. I figured its just my body getting used to it. But I realized over the Christmas holiday that when I have an alcohol, even just a glass, Ill for sure throw up at night. I drink green apple or watermelon Smirnoff which is 7% (not sure if that will make a difference or not) can you please tell me if for now until my body gets used to the birth control if I should stop drinking or is the birth control and alcohol completely unrelated? Thank you!		
How can i get alcohol		Hi. Im 17 and turning 18 in a few months so I will be able to buy alcohol (im Australian). I have never before drunken alcohol or done drugs. I always get invited to parties and occasionally go, its always really boring being sober. Anyway, in a few weeks its my bestfriends birthday and we are having a few mates over at her house. I want to drink. Does anyone have any ideas on how to get alcohol? dont lecture about underage drinking its only a few months and its my choice. its my life dont judge. just does anyone have any ideas?? my parents do have some alcohol, but how would I take it without them noticing?		
How can you produce absolute alcohol from Rectified Spirit		Or can you produce absolute alcohol form Ca(OH)2?? And how??		
Get very drunk very cheaply: bananas in hot water produce powerful alcohol. 		Hey everyone, a few days ago Derren Brown tweeted this - "Get very drunk very cheaply: bananas in hot water produce powerful alcohol. Fruity boozy (and no hangover as no impurities)." I was just wondering is this true? If so, how is it done? Just put bananas in hot water and let them rest, then drink the water or something? I dont think Id try it as I dont like bananas, but Im so curious! Or is it just Derren being himself - playing with our minds?? Thanks!		
Is my aunt an alcoholic		My aunt drinks 3 boxes of Franzia wine a week. Each box is 6.5 bottles of wine (each box contains 5 liters). She only drinks at night after dinner until she goes to bed, and holds a steady job during the day. Is she an alcoholic??? I am not sure about this kind of stuff.		
Where did Alcohol get its name from				
Does drinking alcohol make women PMS more than usual				
Chest pain and weak/shaky arms and legs after alcohol consumption. What may be the cause Help please!		I drank about 4 shots of vodka and about thirty minutes later, my heart was racing (which happened to me before) and then felt nauseous. After barfing up all the food I had in my system, I started having chest pains periodically (mostly on my left side) and my arms (mostly) and legs were feeling weak and started to shake. I had that food about five to four hours before drinking. I get red even with one sip of alcohol and some family are allergic to alcohol. (Family from both sides) My friends wanted me to go to the hospital but I refused. Could it have been the food, alcohol, or something else?		
How much is the average cost for a three course meal for two at the melting pot without any alcohol				
Is alcohol the worst drug to get addicted to			I think the only thing that may be worse is meth because it can give permanent psychosis. But look at alcohol, it can damage every organ in the body and you can die just from coming off of it if your physaclly addicted. It often causes cirrhosis and you die a slow painful death and or renal failure, cancer, dementia, brain shrinkage Drinking and driving, alcohol fetal syndrome etc... Crocidil is only worse because of the cheap way they process it not the actual drug. Is alcohol the most destructive drug of all?	
Whats the legal blood alcohol content for people under 21		Im pretty sure its .02 and lower	Additional Details In Michigan	
Asking a girl if she uses drugs, alcohol or has kids before asking her out		I quit using drugs and alcohol about 5 months ago and I am single and would like to date a classy girl who knows how live life without substances. This is the most important thing to know for me before I ask a girl for her phone number. And she has to have no kids, I dont want drama or headaches. I love kids but I dont have financial stability and I am not ready.		
Hives from drinking alcohol		For New Years my friends and I decided to drink. It was my first time ever consuming alcoholic beverages, and now I have a bunch of hives on my shoulder and a few on my arms. They dont itch, but theyre really strange and ugly. Are these hives from drinking alcohol? Am I allergic? Or does this happen to a lot of first-timers?		
Can my dad buy me alcohol at a football game		Im 19. I know he is allowed to give me alcohol at our house/his house. Anyway we are going to the bengals chargers football game and was wondering if it is legal for him to buy me a couple beers during the game. I know this use to be fine but laws change so Im just not sure. Thanks!		
Can some people not take alcoholic food		Can some people not take alcoholic food?	Additional Details I mean not handle alcohol	
I have a 750ml bottle of sangria thats 6% alcohol by volume. Roughly how many standard drinks is this				Additional Details well all standard drinks have the same alcohol content.
Weed and alcohol problem...		So i smoke weed for about a year now and never drunk alcohol but last week i was drunk for the first time and it felt almost exactly the same to me, just not so strong... i dont understand cause everybody told me that being drung and being high is absolutely different and everybody was confused about that... i was drinking twice more to see the efect again and it as still just like that... what do you think? could it be because of that i smoked a weed before?		
Will alcohol kill virus		Can a medical professional please tell me if wiping down surfaces with rubbing alcohol will kill the virus which causes G.I. infection ? Commonly called "stomach flue?? My wife is sick and I didnt want to get it. I have been wiping door knobs and light switches with alcohol. Am I doing any good?? Thanks Much!!		
Minimum age to sell alcohol in Washington state		Im trying to get a job at a convenience store but i keep hearing conflicting information. So, does anyone know what the minimum age for selling alcohol in Washington state is? Id be working in a cashier and stalking position and i keep hearing 18 and 21. Any help would be appreciated.		
Am i becoming an alcoholic 		Ive felt extremely depressed since high school, the past 3 years its gotten so bad ive wanted to kill myself but couldnt because i dont want to hurt my family like that. I started college and it kept the depression at a reasonable level that i can tolerate but its winter vacation and ive felt more down then ever before in my life, every night i feel like crying and dont know what to do, i feel so lonely and i derive no pleasure from anything, i see no point in living and as i said i feel so alone... i dont want friends, all i want is a girlfriend.... sigh* in order to deal with this depression ive been buying alcohol every night for the past week.... but its a small amount and just gets me buzzed , is this really a bad thing? Or do you think its alright as long as i dont get addicted or drink to much		
Is it illegal for parents to buy alcohol for a 16 year old		Just a question		
Would you ever name your baby after alcohol		Would you ever name your baby girl after an alcohol? If so, whats your favourite? And whats your favourite out of these names? Sherry/sherrie Cava Sambuca Shiraz Margarita Chardonney Alize Stella Bailey Brandie or Brandy How about hyphanated ones like sherrie-ann, cava-sue, stella-grace or margarita-rose? So you love or hate? What are your favourites? Opinions!! By the way its just like an opinion poll Im not actually gonna name anybody after any of these!		
What do you think of these alcoholic baby names		Would you ever name your baby girl after an alcohol? If so, whats your favourite? And whats your favourite out of these names? Sherry/sherrie Cava Sambuca Shiraz Margarita Chardonney Alize Stella Bailey Brandie or Brandy How about hyphanated ones like sherrie-ann, cava-sue, stella-grace or margarita-rose? So you love or hate? What are your favourites? Opinions!! By the way its just like an opinion poll Im not actually gonna name anybody after any of these!		
What is 0.4 units of alcohol converted into as a percentage of alcohol		0.4 units = ?% alcohol	Additional Details ***Edit*** It was a small shot glass, isnt that usually 25ml? I dont know. ***2nd Edit*** So its 16% in the 25ml? Or have I read it wrong?	
Does my alcohol consumption sound normal for my age		Right now im drinking about 40 units of alcahol per week, im in my 20s. I drink 20 units twice a week as a general rule. Im quite big built man and over 6ft. Everyones oppion about what is right or wrong is different. This question is for those 20-30 year old.		
Can I drink alcohol when taking neo citran				
Is an Alcohol a homologus series or is it part of one confused		Hey Im just a bit confused about what a homologous series is, like I know the definition is like, general formula, gradual increase and similar chemical proprieties but I was trying to talk about them is relation to Alcohols would you say that Alcohols are a homologous series or are they part of a homologous series? Thanks for the help	Additional Details @Doctorwho So would my sentence be correct if I said: Alkanols have many uses and fuels is one of them. Alkanols are a member of a homologous series?	
Type 1 Diabetic friend had too much alcohol and now has acetone breath very strong		He isnt worried - but I am! His breath has been very strong for 3 days (since NYE party). Says his blood sugar was a bit high but not alarmingly high and now its nearly normal. I cant find anything online about it so thought to ask on YahooA ...	Additional Details I have 2 answers that are very good - thank you. I cant choose which is "best answer" so will let Voters decide.	
Mixed Alcohol and Zyprexa		Before you say, yes I know this was very stupid and I should not have done it at all. Last night, I took Zyprexa for sleep, and I had had a few shots of Jack Daniels, maybe 5. I have a McDonalds down the street so I decided to drive down there for some food (stupid). I dont remember much after that, bits and pieces. I got stopped, and arrested and was given a DWI. Made bail and I am home now. What caused this comatose state? The mixture of the two?		
I have a question for those who believe alcohol is okay.			For those who believe alcohol is okay. Can you please explain these verses to me. I dont beleive its wrong to drink as long as its in moderation but Iam a bit confused on these verses below. Why did Christ make so many wine/alcohol when its already wrong to get drink. Remember the king or whomever said "First lets bring out the good wine and then the bad" whats the purpose of giving people bad wine? Joh 2:3 And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. Joh 2:4 Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come. Joh 2:5 His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it. Joh 2:6 And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. Joh 2:7 Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim. Joh 2:8 And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it. Joh 2:9 When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew<SEMCOL>) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom, Joh 2:10 And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine<SEMCOL> and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now. Thanks guys	Additional Details Lets not jump on any other scriptures. I understand the rest Im just asking questions on this particular one.
Why do I think about alcohol and getting drunk all of the time		I mean Ive never had even a sip of alcohol, and Im not even old enough to drink. But I always daydream about how it would feel to be drunk or just how drunk someone could get. Or I just make up someone has a drinking problem and it gives me some kind of rush or something. Also I love seeing celebritys particularly young ones drunk, why is that?! Also Ive been experienced this since I was like 8 or 9.		
What should be my first alcoholic drink		Im not going to no bar so something that is straight up alcohol is what I want to buy at my local beer shop. What should I buy? To be clear, Ive never tried alcohol before so I want something small and manageable to drink.	Additional Details Give me names.	
Should we not be banning alcohol advertising in Australia like we did with cigarettes				
What type of alcohol does Dave Grohl drink				
Does alcohol really kill brain cells How much would you have to drink to get noticeably worse				
Could it be a peptic ulcer Alcohol		So my husband doesnt drink very often...maybe once every few months...well new years night he drank alot (rum) mixed in orange juice...at least 3 8oz glasses filled almost half full of Rum. Then ice and orange juice. He started vomiting at 11:30pm that night, and was sitting vomiting in the morning...he slept all day that day. And later complained of pain in his stomach. I figured to be expected. Well its now two days later and hes still nauseated...not throwing up...and after he eats he says a particular area in his stomach hurts. He never takes time off work, even when he has a cold but he couldnt work the last two days because of this. He is a pretty tense person and carries alot of stress in his stomach. Just wondering that given his nervous temperment naturally mixed with just that one day od heavy drinking could a ulcer have developed? Thanks		
Is it ok to put Rubbing Alcohol on this		So i was screwing around and at the very tip of my penis you know where it splits open, called the urethral meatus, i accidentaly gave my self a paper cut between it and it stings like crazy, can i dab some isoproply on it or is bad to dry up the meatus? should i just use some neosporin instead?	Additional Details I was trying to see if my meatus can hold a piece of paper all on its own and it didnt so i pulled it off really fast in frustration and BAM penis tip paper cut, major and yeah man it stings like a B when i tinkle	
Why does alcohol changes someone personality so much		Please explain to make them turn into another person?		
What are the potential consequences of taking painkillers and consuming alcohol				
Alcohol Delivery in illinois		No place near me has Kraken Black Spiced Rum and I dont want to nor do I have the time to travel an hour and a half to go get it from a liquor store. So my question is is there a way to have Rum delivered to me? The liqour laws in illinois are pretty sketchy but I honestly dont care about that if you know of a way let me know.		
Am I an Alcoholic,I am really worried.		First of all, I am 21 and obviously most my friends like to party, secondly, I am quite a big girl (now) and it takes about four 5% beers for me to feel tipsy (also I live where the drinking age is 18 so have been drinking a lot legally since then). I have always thought that I may be an alcoholic, most people that I talk to about it dont believe that I am because I dont take time off work to get drunk, I dont drink everyday and I dont always mention or rely on a drink. But, I find that I drink 5/7 times during the week, usually a whole 12 pack of beers, 3/5 of those times I will be drinking in my room alone, 2/5 of those times I end up crying or self harming or making a scene (if in a group of people) or very very depressed. This depression followed me into my sober life and I was in a very bad place for a while, I have become fat and lazy which has really not helped. Where I had been living I think contributed a lot (because I really really hated living there, a lot of negativity and unfriendliness), and I moved a way two weeks ago, I have really cut down drinking, though still want to drink most nights. I have decided that this month I will be sober, I know its only day four but I would like to think that I could do it for two months but well see how I go! I guess what my question is, am I an alcoholic? Should I look into this more seriously and possibly quit drinking all together, get sponsor, attend meetings etc? Or is there something else going on and I just need a little time to myself. No one has ever told me I am an alcoholic, and I just want to know what is wrong with me. Also what are some good ideas to help me keep my promise of not drinking for a month? I hope I dont sound like an awful person I try so hard to keep positive, and usually am with people when I am sober! Sorry for the rant, thank you for any tips and answers :) I asked earlier on but no one replied - Im new to this and am really worried about my health and what not now.	Additional Details Thank you all to have answered my question, they are all really good answers, I am already looking up nearest AA meetings :) I think I really needed to see that I either am an alcoholic or close to being one, most of my friends find it hard to talk to me about this. Will be hard finding the best answer because they have all been so good!	
Could drinking alcohol and taking L-Theanine supplements cause brain damage		I read somewhere on the internet that the mixture of amino acid supplements and alcoholic beverages, could actually cause brain damage. The supplement (L-Theanine) is an amino acid. If someone was to take L-Theanine supplements and drink alcoholic beverages for an extended period of time, could that cause brain damage? Is it really true that the mixture of amino acids and alcohol could cause brain damage? What exactly would consist of having "brain damage" due to mixing amino acids and alcohol?		
So my friend and i tried to get a lady to buy us alcohol outside of a gas station. She said no and went inside		10 secs later. A worker came out and we think he took my license plates down. Pretty sure he did. Its my parents car and im 17. Im honestly not one to drink ever and my record with the law is completely clean. Im truly freaking out because I know I can get in huge trouble with the law. Any idea what could actually happen. Do you think the store owner will report the license plate #? If so, what will happen. Freaking out. Need help.	Additional Details @evan well the thing is. We were kinda loitering for a bit walking around seeing who we could ask. Stupid I know. So the cameras would definitely provide evidence that we were walking around. I could deny and say we were asking for change or money. I agree though that it would be a very big effort from the people at the fast station and the police department since this type of stuff seems pretty usual. Law wise, what could happen? Anyone know the process?	
Could a 40oz of budlight cause me alcohol poisoning		So im a new drinker and im 511" 220 lbs. Would a 40oz kill me if I drank it in one sitting and what are the signs of alcohol poisoning?		
Can i bring alcohol into the us		Can I bring a couple of unopened bottles of alcohol to the us? Im 18 and not bringing them for myself, even though this doesnt matter. Leaving Romania on Monday.		
What can I do for my son who has had way to much alcohol				
What is the latest 2013-14 price list of alcohol in Goa		For hard liquor - Vodka - Smirnoff, Absolut, Fuel - 750 ml Rum - Old Monk - 750 ml ____ Beer - Kingfisher (Mild, Blue and Premium) - big bottle Fosters - big bottle Budweiser - big bottle Heineken - big bottle Also, any locally brewed good beers in Goa		
How do u know what type of alcohol to get		Ok so Im underage and Im not planning anything. My question is why r some cost soooo much money and some cheap? Is it because of the taste? Also Why do they say this is 25 years old? Also Do u only get drunk from vodka? Thanks for answering :-)		
Shipping alcohol to New Zealand		I want to send a bottle of don Julio (tequila) to a friend in Christchurch, New Zealand among other gifts from California, can I do that through USPS? Ive never shipped alcohol before so Im a little lost. Whats the best way to do it? Thanks!		
A pee test that is for drugs or Alcohol show up vaping or e cigs				
Any songs that arent about sex, drugs, alcohol		Im a rapper who is trying to make a name for himself however due to me not being good-looking, taking drugs or even drinking alcohol I cant rap about those. I need some good songs that arent about those things so that I can find some new topics to rap about.		
If something ferments does that mean its alcoholic		My roommate works for a fast food restaurant and the other day she brought home a gallon of sweet tea. We drank most of it and the rest just sat there for a while. I opened it today and drank some without thinking about it. It smelled fermented, but other than feeling a bit gross a few hours later I didnt feel drunk or anything. Was my sweet tea alcoholic? Did I just drink Sweet Tea wine or something? (For the record it was gross...		
Does Alcohol has a basic or acidic properties		Last week we had a lab session and we used butan-1-ol, butan-2-ol and tert-butyl alcohol as the samples. butan-1-ol and tert-butyl alcohol didnt change the colour of both red and blue litmus paper. however, butan-2-ol did change the blue litmus paper to a bit red (not fully red, though), and the red litmus paper remains red. Can anyone explain this? Does that mean that butan-2-ol has the acidic properties? But how come the other two alcohols arent?		
My iphone got wet by an alcohol what should i do it has water maps on screen when i open it				
Out of curiosity why isnt alcohol and medications considered a suicide method		Its usually just overdosed on medicines I heard from people who had attempted that method. If celebrities can die from accidental overdose, who to say this cannot be a suicide method?		
Is it illegal to have alcohol in the trunk		Im 17, live in California. Is it illegal to have alcohol in the trunk? Does it matter if its opened or not? Can I say its my parents because its not technically my car?		
What is the legal drinking age for non alcohol beer		http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-alcoholic_beer		
POLL---What has helped alcoholics you have know to recover				
What are common physical diseases that alcoholism causes				
How come an alcoholic has major mood changes when drunk (often more grumpy)		If getting drunk is an addiction then shouldnt they be happy when drunk and grumpy when sober? In this case the alcoholic guy I am thinking of gets grumpy when drunk.		
Are alcoholics more susceptible to infectious diseases like colds or flus				
Why does an alcoholic need more beer to get drunk over time then they needed at an earlier time				
Will not drinking alcohol reduce belly fat		I know this sounds like a dumb question! About 2 years ago I was 130lbs. Now Im 165, and 57". I carry most my weight in my mid section. I was never very active at all. I work 6-8 hours a day, and dont just sit on my butt all day. My eating habits arent the best, but are better than average. That being said, Ive also (over these 2 years) become a pretty heavy drinker. If i drink at home Ill drink a pint to 3/4 of a bottle. At a bar, Ill drink around 7 mixed drinks, a shot or two, anf a few beers. And this is around three or four days a week. Im taking on a healthier lifestyle one step at a time. But do to a health condition, working out is difficult on my joints so I have to go slow on that as well. My main question is if I quit drinking or atleast seriously cut back, will it help reduce the belly fat? Or is my alcohol consumption not great enough to do so?	Additional Details Im young at 23, also Im vegetarian so my fat intake is minimal (besides the occasional dorito or slice of pizza) my doctor has never said anything about my weight, fat content, or anything Im just unhappy in general. I dont drink soda, or juices that are not staright from my juice unless Im drinking. Im young at 23, also Im vegetarian so my fat intake is minimal (besides the occasional dorito or slice of pizza) my doctor has never said anything about my weight, fat content, or anything Im just unhappy in general. I dont drink soda, or juices that are not staright from my juice unless Im drinking.	
Can an alcohol have more than one name (organic chemistry)		Can 1,3-dimethylbutanol also be 4-methyl-2-pentanol and can 2,4-hexadiol also be 1-methyl-1,3-pentadiol? (The first of each of the two sets are the ones in the textbook).		
Is it safe to drink alcohol after 4 mg of Valium		I took 4 mg of valium about an hour ago as I was feeling anxious, but now Ive been invited to a party tonight and I was wondering if its okay to drink a few vodka and lemonades while Im there? It wont be until at least 2, maybe 3 hours time. Will it cause me any harm or is it okay?		
How do u know what type of alcohol to get10points		Ok so Im underage and Im not planning anything. My question is why r some cost soooo much money and some cheap? Is it because of the taste? Also Why do they say this is 25 years old? Also Do u only get drunk from vodka? Thanks for answering :-)		
Am I the only teen that doesnt smoke, go to parties or drink alcohol/energy drinks here				
Will a tattoo tube tip and grip rust from boiling and cleanin after with rubbing alcohol		i know not the right way to sterilize but im just tattooing myself so dont give obvious advice that we all already know...i dont have to sterilize for wat i do to not get infected but i just felt the need to bc i was at a friends house annd had my supplies there and it wasnt too clean so before i get a new power supply i just wanted to make sure there were clean...i just wanna know if itll mak them rust...i dont think it will		
Can I use rubbing alcohol or peroxide in my private area		Its been a few weeks and its kind of irritated and tends to bleed sometimes. I was wondering maybe its a cut of some sort and I could use the products to heal it?		
What is the difference between the different types of Alcohol from the chemical composition				
Do you think I will feel better or see any benefits by not drinking alcohol for one month!		After an excessive christmas period Ive decided to have no alcohol in January. I normally drink a few glasses of wines during the week. And have a binge on a friday night. And the occasional wine on a saturday. Will I feel better for not drinking....?!? I hope I do! Otherwise why bother!		
Why did alcohol get outlawed during prohibition and what were the hopes outlawing it would do for the better				
Will a little bit of alcohol affect my development		I just drank like 1 tablespoon of Tsingtao (4.78% ABV)		
Are police officers allowed to check a persons drink for alcohol if it is in a clear bottle		This happened to a friend of mine who was walking down the street and a cop stopped her and told her not to drop her drink on the ground otherwise they would be arrested. What could have been done legally? Could she have spilled the drink "accidentally" and nothing would have happened and is this kind of check even legal? Are they allowed to check it under the grounds of underage drinking which at the time she was underage	Additional Details Container was sealed and the officers were in their squad car so there is no way to be able to smell the alcohol in this situation	
Can i take an ibuprofen amd hour before drinking alcohol		Tonight is a party and I want to drink but Im on my period and I got to take an ibuprofen of 800mg.. would it be Okay?		
Why is alcoholism more common in Scandinavian and Russian people				
Are marijuana and alcohol a deadly combination (just curious as I have never done marijuana and wont)		I am just curious after reading of the movement to legalize marijuana. I dont support legalizing marijuana because I feel it would lead to more fatal accidents at the same time I learned recently that marijuana does not cause fatal overdoses alone but does when mixed with other stuff. So if someone had marijuana and several drinks could it be a lethal combination?		
When people remove themselves from an alcoholics life is it more for themselves then for the drinker		Just curious after a TV show on drug/alcohol addiction interventions and people saying they will leave the family member if they dont get help.		
How much alcohol does Bud Light contain		I have seen 4.2% but I could have sworn that I have seen 5% on the bottle or the can or the box? And if it is 4.2 % then that means Mikes Hard Lemonade contains more since it is 5%, which I find weird.	Additional Details Lol, Im 18 and I can drink under parental consent. And I dont drink soda. You act like Im the first one to do so. <3	
Is it rude to bring a gift of alcohol to a party and stay near it all night		My friend tends to do this. Brings a bottle of fine cognac to my dinner party and drinks from it all night. Should I mention to her that this bothers me?		
How to deal with my controlling mother, who is also an alcoholic		Just looking for ways to deal with her. She is a recovering alcoholic, who falls off the wagon once or twice a month. But dealing with her is impossible! Is my only option cutting her off? I have tried that, for almost two years. But I kept thinking, do I want to be one of those people who go years without talking and then next time I see her itll be at her funeral? But she is making my life miserable! I have four children and am very very happily married. She tries to control everything. I know a lot of it is my fault for calling her and talking but she takes small things I say and blows them out of control. I will tell her "man, I am trying to find someone to plow our driveway", and she flies over to find someone. Its not that I dont appreciate it, as well as everything she does, but she goes way way over board. I have tried talking to her, while shes sober. Then she blames me the next time she falls off the wagon. Saying I hurt her feelings. Tonight was the last straw. Shes drunk, called me multiply times, then repeated shame on you for judging..and went on and on until I ended up hanging up. Problem is, shes my husbands employer, and you all know how hard work is to come by, especially living where we do..I am at my wits end with this women. She brings over $100s of dollars worth of stuff for us, and the kids, so I feel a huge quilt for telling her, "BUTT OUT" or not answering her calls. I wish she would just not give us stuff, and just visit, and that way the quilt would go away. I have even asked her to stop purchasing things, but I think she does it so she can feel like she can control us. Oh my I am done!	Additional Details Thanks for the quick answer. I guess I failed to mention, that she is in treatment, she is quite good at manipulating people into thinking shes "alright." But they usually see right through it. She is so super nice when she isnt drinking or popping pills. I guess the thought of not speaking again scares me, but shes not only hurting me, my kids too. My eleven year old son found crazy porn on her phone! Great, how do I undo that?! I have vowed not to let her see them, then she does this great "I am a wonderful grandma (which she is) and I should be able to see them. I think I am being a terrible parent but letting her around. I guess I know the answer, as painful as it is, to let to go. Maybe one day God will touch her and help her.	
Ibuprofen and alcohol 		I am a regular drinker. I drink about 2-3 times a week (sometimes 3-4). I dont drink a lot at once though (about 2-3 shots but I know that adds up). I have been having a headache earlier today but had a little bit of Jack and coke mixed earlier (about 4-5 hours ago). I am not buzzed or drunk right now but my headache has got worse. Would it be ok if I took ibuprofen PM right now? I just want the headache to go away and for me to sleep. Ive taken advil and tylenol after I drank before but that was the next day. Im just afraid that this time it really might cause internal stomach bleeding or something. Thanks for reading!		
Is .5% alcohol wine safe for kids		I bought "Fre" wine and it says theres less than .5% alcohol in it. Is it safe to give it to my 15 year old teenagers? Is that amount of alcohol to not affect them?		
Vivitrol for alcohol and opiate addiction. Anyone else found it to be a waste of $		I went to rehab for alcohol and opiate addiction recently. Before I left, they recommended I take a vivitrol shot in the ***, claiming that it would keep me from feeling the effects of both alcohol and opiates for the next 30 days. Well, I was so confident that I had a beer (stupid thing to do, I know) shortly after I left treatment. Soon after I started drinking, I took lortab and got just as high from it as I ever did, before taking the vivtrol shot. I also shot heroin shortly afterward and got just as high from it as I ever did before the shot. In short, while it was my fault that I went back to drinking and using, the vivatrol shot that the rehab clinic pushed so aggressively (which Bradford charged $1,100.00 for, compared to $280.00 from a local clinic) was garbage. It was as good as a placebo. Anyone else have a similar experience with it>		
If I pour 35% alcohol into a bottle of 40% alcohol what would that do to the overall percentage 				
Guys, kind of a weird question about alcohol		When youre on a date with a girl at a restaurant, do you feel weird if you order an alcoholic beverage but then she doesnt? In other words, do you feel weird drinking "alone" in that kind of situation? Im just asking because Im not a huge drinker. Theres this guy that Ive been out with a few times for dinner. He usually orders a beer and I just stick with water or a Coke. Hell give me a weird look (almost kind of guilty-looking), then ask if it was okay that he ordered a beer, or ask me if he can order a beer in front of the waitress (which kind of awkward and makes me look like a controlling b*tch). I know hes one guy and he cant speak for the rest of you, but in general, Ive noticed this about people. You casually let them know that you dont want to drink, and then they get all weird around you. "You dont drink? Why?" "Would it bother you if I have a drink?" I know theyre trying to be polite, but you dont need to ask! I dont care!		
Are there any studies that show heavy alcohol use increases risk of heart attack or coronary artery disease		I know there are studies that show moderate alcohol use will help decrease such risks, but how about for excessive drinkers? I know all about the other risks from heavy drinking, but I am interested in ONLY coronary artery disease from EXCESS ETOH use..anyone seen any ariticles on that? Is there any link?		
Guys, would you date female alcoholic		Ive been with my girl for over a year. We both had drinking problems. I quit everything and Im sober now and plan on living that way. My gf told me she is an alcoholic and a drug addict (I didnt know she was a drug addict) and she said she doesnt want to change, never wants to change and wants to die as an addict. I dumped her @$$ on the spot and I feel no want or need to ever see or talk to her again. Would you tolerate it? What would you do?		
Alcohol problem. Need help!		My aunt has a horrible drinking problem. If it isnt the liquor, its beer, if it isnt beer its valiums, if it isnt valiums, its Roxys. I feel like all she wants is to be not sober. Our house is barely getting paid, we are behind on bills. and she has 2 kids. I keep telling her she needs to quit and she says she will, but then I find more liquor in her room. She has kept it hidden from the family and I feel like I cant help her, she is going through a divorce and the problem is only getting worse. I need an out, someway to make her see the problem. without getting the rest of the family involved. Any help will be wonderful. She doesnt think she has a problem, but she does and me and my roommates see it.		
Is there a way to make alcohol taste better Or tasteless		Ive only gotten sick from drinking twice in my entire life, but this last time must have been seriously traumatic because now I cant even stand the thought of drinking because of the horrible taste. I cant take a sip without gagging, even when I mix it with other drinks or make the drinks week. Its not like I drink very often, but Im going out with some friends and I would like to have a drink, you know? Help!		
Name the alcohol that can be oxidized to 3-methylbutanone				
Advice for drinking alcohol for the first time		I turned legal last month. I work at a night club and have a holiday dinner party tonight at a nice restaurant. Everything is paid for. I wll be driving but I will give myself time before I get behind the wheel. Im setting the rule of having only one drink for myself. Whats good and mild to start off with? Ive heard vodka with juice is good. How about wine? Red or white? Should I tell the waitress/bartender to go easy on the alcohol? What if they insist on shots? What kinda shots are tolerable for a first time drinker? I am not looking to get drunk here or anything. Especially since I start my second college semester the next day. Seeing that Im going to dinner, should I still eat something before going?		
Illegally buying minors alcohol		I know if you give a minor alcohol it is a crime and many consequences follow. However how do the police actually determine the person bought the minor liquor. For example if someone gives a minor alcohol but not out front a liquor store, can they still be charged? How do they prove that the adult had actually bought the liquor is what im really getting at	Additional Details How would I go about informing the police? I am not supplying the alcohol to any minor . A coworker of mine constantly talks about it and its totally unacceptable to me and I feel like as an adult I have to take action I wouldnt want that to be my kids!	
What amount of triethalamine and water should be added to get 100 liter alcohol				
What is the alcohol and cigarette allowance from Prague to the UK				
I dont drink alcohol a lot of the time but when im drunk i shake and go cold, why is this		Im legal to drink and dont drink very often. But when I do drink and get drunk my body shakes badly that people can see me shaking and I feel cold but everyone else is warm and fine? Why does this happen to me? Is it a bad thing?		
Sick and i hardly drunk much alcohol		Im such a lightweight its unreal. I mixed a citrus fruit drink with some strawberry carribean twist and after two sips in a small glass i started to feel vomity. Im 17 any idea?. I usually get very drunk and sick after llots of wine.		
What would happen if we outlawed alcohol as a means of fighting alcohol abuse and dangers		Would this help the problem even though some would still abuse. Have the laws like the way marijuana is against the law in many states.		
Which is worse alcohol or marijuana				
What are the properties of alcohols that make it useful as a fuel				
Where in the u.k can i train as a drugs and alcohol worker/councillor aswell as be paid				
Is drinking alcohol before exams a good idea		Im not planning on getting drunk, just drinking a bottle of beer to cool my nerves/anxiety. Do you guys recon this could actually improve my performance, or make it worse? I know my exam nerves make me perform a lot worse than I would if I could just keep my composure, but ive done it so many times and positive thinking beforehand never works (even if have completely prepared). So what do you guys think? Yay or nay? (p.s. I am of legal drinking age, in case you were wondering).		
Why is drinking alcohol haram but smoking isnt		When I was growing up my patents taught me never to drink or do drugs while holding a cigarette in their hand. They said it was haram in Islam and that Allah would punish you. I decided to google why drinking alcohol was seen as such a bad thing that one may go to hell for partaking in such actions, and most answers said things like " It is harmful to your body" "Allah wants you to be safe" but isnt smoking cigarettes just as bad? as of 2012 an estimated 443,000 thousand people in the US are dying due to cigarettes every year and for alcohol its 75,000. And plus cigarettes are a drug. Now forgive me if the answer is staring me right in the face but I just do not understand.		
Does anyone know of any good alcohol free moisturizers with a SPF of over 15				
4 days after high alcohol consumption still sick		Husband had a little (well probably alot too much) to drink on new years night. By 11:30pm that night he was puking his guts out...this throwing up continued into the morning. Since then hes had stomach pain (which for awhile came and went) but today his stomach has been constant in feeling discomfort and he says he feels nauseous..and has just been laying around sleeping. Now thing is it is cold and flu season, so I guess theres a off chance hes got the flu? But the rest of us in the family arent sick. And youd think if it was a stomach flu we would by now be sick too. Just if it was from alcohol could it be something serious. He doesnt drink alot...maybe once or twice every two months hell have a beer. So for a guy hes not much of a drinker. But could something serious happen from one night of hard drinking? Thanks	Additional Details ya he ate earlier in the day so his stomach wouldnt have been empty. Our Dr isnt open Monday but for sure I will take him in Tuesday if hes not better...sigh ...	
I just bought a coconut and cracked it open it smells like booze. Should coconut water smell like alcohol				
On the carnival cruise line can i get purchase alcohol in the bahamas if i am 18		The Carnival cruise line alcohol policy states that the legal drinking age onboard is 21. What about in the country? If i am 18 in the bahamas will i be able to purchase alcohol?		
Why is alcohol a solution for me		Every time I get very upset about something I abuse the booze for a few days. How can I tell if this is becoming a problem?		
My grandfather is an alcoholic		Im 25. I live in another city but my parents live with my grandfather, my moms dad. Hes 87 and hes an alcoholic. He also has a son, my uncle who got HIV from cheating on his own wife (just how messed up my family is). My moms a REALLY good person. Just like my grandma was. She takes it all too close to heart and Im really scared for her. My grandfather screams like insane when she refuses to give him booze. Hes also come out of the apartment and wait with money for someone to pass by to ask to buy him booze when hes alone at home. He got so drunk on the New Years he absolutely ruined the mood and its the first time in 6 months I came to visit my parents. He promised not to drink for a week but he drank today and it was the very same thing again. Its been like that for 4 years already and its only getting worse and worse. He absolutely hates my dad, and says absolutely horrible things to him (and my mom too) even though she tends after him to the point she goes with him to the toilet to support, and he calls her the worst names possible. He even tried putting something into the door lock so that my dad wouldnt be able to get inside after work. Both my mom and uncle just patiently take it from time to time but Im at my limit. He was the reason I moved out and I absolutely hate him, I also think he had his share in why my grandmothers health deteriorated rapidly before she died 4 years ago. And on top of that he says that everyones at fault and he doesnt drink. He seems to be not in his right mind but Im pretty sure he is, because hes hidden his booze around his room in ALL ways possible. My mom takes his money to buy food for HIM but he always reminds her that she takes his money and says that if she takes it, then she must allow him to drink. I threw his money New Year Present to me in his face and said I have nothing to do with him anymore. Thanks to him I had panick attacks and break down every time a man reeking of alcohol approaches me. I absolutely hate him, I dont care if he has those rare moments when hes nice and in his right mind, I remember all the crap he did and said, yet my mom and uncle are unwilling to do anything, and now Im just honestly worried about my mom whos got to take it on every single day, and shes still young. He own half of the apartment, and me and my mom the other half. I wanted to send him to the place where elderly people are (forgot its name in English) even if for just one month to clear up his mind, but uncle refused. What to do in this situation? What are the options? Im leaving back to my city in a few days but my mom and dad will be left with this person again, and Im really worried. What are the options here? I cant just do nothing. If it werent for his age Id surely punch him in the face.	Additional Details I know that making my parents move out would be the best solution but neither them nor me have money for the new apartment right now unfortunately. And I dont think any of us will in the near future. And contrary to his age, my grandfathers health is perfect. He never gets sick. If I were him, Id be throwing up from the amount of booze he drinks. I have already written that I live in ANOTHER city but I came to visit for the holiday for the first time in 6 months. I moved out 3 years ago.	
Is it safe to send alcohol to new Zealand		I want to send a friend a 750 ml bottle of tequila from California to New Zealand and was told you can only do that through a legal vendor but I havent found a single one that ships Don Julio tequila overseas and I want to send only one bottle to Christchurch. What are the chances of them finding out whats in the package??? I have bubblewrapped the bottle really good so the chances of it breaking are practically zero. I dont want to get in trouble but it seems I dont have any choice. Do they open the packages when they leave the states or get to New Zealand? Help!		
What type of alcohol is found in hand sanitizer		ethyl, methyl, isopropyl?		
I hate alcohol and dont get it, why do people actually like this stuff		I tried to get into in college and just couldnt. It makes me feel like crap and ruins my coordination and then I feel even worse when I come down from it. A little bit makes me queasy and a lot of it makes me sick. Ive never tried any other drugs so I dont know cocaine and heroin are better, but I think alcohol sucks.		
Is it possible for an alcoholic to drink responsibly		I am probably an alcoholic. A functional alcoholic. I work in commodities at a big firm in Manhattan, I am excelling, but I drink a lot after work. I usually have 3 nice glasses of whiskey before bed, never waking up with a hangover. Now that I am allowed to work out again, I cut my drinking down to the weekend with friends. I dont get shakes or anything. Maybe I am not an alcoholic. Maybe I just have alcoholic tendencies?		
I am Muslim, dont drink. I have heard you can inhale alcohol. Would it still be against my religion		Theres these new machines out called AWOL machines. Were it turns alcohol into vapor and you inhale it. Since Im Muslim and cant drink, if I inhale it will it still be the same thing? Against my religion?		
Why do i have watery, yellow, diarrhea after 4 days when i drank alcohol		i drank alcohol dec 30 & dec 31 then came down with a massive headache before the night was over. next morning i had yellow watery diarrhea & it continued for 4 days. about 15 times a day id have to run to the bathroom & once i messed myself. i ended up having a really painful bleeding hemmroid from all this. what happened to me & has this happened to anyone else?		
How much alcohol should I buy for my party its about 100 people.		I am having about 100 people over for my yearly party. I dont drink very much and would like an estimate on cost and number of bottles if possible.		
Can I take a sleeping pill with alcohol		I had seven drinks and I hast illy swallowed a pill called doxepin will I be alright?		
What would happen if i got caught with 190 proof alcohol in florida		im not making my own im bringing it back from another state.		
What is the fine for a underage possession of alcohol appearance ticket in new york		I am 18 and live in upstate new york and was recently arrested and given an appearance ticket for underage possession of alcohol with intent to consume.. I am wondering how much my fine will be at court and what i should expect to happen...		
Do any recovering alcoholics on here feel alcohol is portrayed falsely in advertisements And why		Answers may be used in an Extended Project Qualification.		
Washington KNEW they couldnt outlaw alcohol LEGALLY without an amendment. How did they outlaw drugs		using laws already in the constitution? If they had that power in 1919, why did they need the 18th amendment? thx		
Im 18 and I only my drug and alcohol course passed. Can I get my license without a permit		Do I need to make an appointment for a permit before I can get a drivers license? I already made an appointment for a drivers license and I dont want to do and be told that I have to get a permit first.		
Does dove soap contain alcohol		I am using a dove soap.		
What type of alcohol should i drink		im 14 and drink responsibly.... since im in china i can get any alcohol i want, which one though? thanks btw ill only take like a couple of gulps every month or so		
Minor blood alcohol level		If a minor gets pulled overand takes a breathalyzer test, and he is under the legal limit, does he get arrested because he has alcohol in his blood?		
Would it be obvious if I watered down a bottle of alcohol		First of all, I know that this isnt exactly the most respectable idea. Moving on... Im 19 (I live in the US so unfortunately Im still underage for drinking). Its winter break and Im home from college and my parents are at work. Im snowed in at home and my parents have a bottle of Disaronno liqueur (28% alcohol). Im not looking to get blackout drunk, just to pass the time with a glass or two. If I refill the bottle to where it was before with water, will it be noticeable?	Additional Details I should add, I cant just ask my parents for some. They still dont want me to drink.	
How much alcohol will it take to get me tipsy		Im around 95 pounds, female and the alcohol I have is 14.5% vol mead. I have never drank alcohol before and I was wondering how much of it it would take to get me tipsy, or drunk?		
Drinking alcohol and getting drunk is sinful okay..But why is it forbidden to drink alcohol and getting drunk				
91% Rubbing Alcohol Inhaled		I had acne on my nose so I took a cotton swab and dabbed it with 91% alcohol and put it all over my face, a lot. I hold my breath because the smell is awful, but I couldnt hold my breath anymore so I breathed in really quick and my entire inside of my nose burned SO bad. I got dizzy and now Im getting light headed, I have a dull head ache, and my throat kind of hurts. I called poison control and they said its okay.. but Im nervous. Suggestions?		
Can I use water as a base for alcohol		I tried it, putting yeast and sugar into pure, clean water. I have it in a mason jar, and its been fermenting away from the sunlight for a good few days now. Would this work out? I opened the lid a little bit and it kind of smells like liquor. Im not sure it it would work. I plan on waiting until Febuary or March to open it and drink it.		
MICH - I am scheduled to take an ETG for alcohol tomorrow, I have not drank but THC will be in my system HELP		Jams in michigan, do I do?		
Im depressed without drugs and alcohol		Every weekend I went to partys hung out with my friends drank and chiefed then my parents found my bowl and Im not allowed to go out and now Im depressed		
Alcohol vs weed wich is worse		so i am 14 years old i smoke weed once a week , sometimes in the weeks to help me sleep because i have insomnia. My parents think its ok that i drink if i do good in school. I dont like alcohol really even though my parents think its ok that i drink , i dont because i get violent and i dont like the hangover plus a couple of other reasons. I have been smoking weed for a half year now and i havent noticed any negative effects. Ive noticed good things like i am in a way better mood i am more friendly. I do good in school. Still my parents are very much against it, though my dad drinks alot so wich is really worse? My parents just found out i smoke weed btw and is threatening me that they will find a solution i wont like	Additional Details I didnt really care about my english when writing this question. I dont even live in an English speaking country.. Kat0113. No my parents are not idiots they dont want me to party and stuff like that , they just remember being my age how it was. I would probaly still drink even if they didnt want me to? I live in sweden its ****** up here everyone starts drinking and partying at age of 13-14. But thats today generation.. Gotta follow the flow , hope you understand :)	
Why does my chest hurt so bad when i smoke weed, drink alcohol or even drink a coffe		i have years smoking weed constantly. i stopped like 2 or 3 years with out a reason and i started smoking again for like 2 or 3 months until my heart started beating extreamly quick which caused me a lot of pain on my chest. my left arm would hurt bad. i was turning pale and started sweating a lot. i honestly thought i was going to die. i went to the doctor asap and had my pressure checked witch was extreamly high. i refused to say it was because of the weed i just decided to stop but now i constantly get pain on my chest. when i drink coffee or a few beers it hurts badly and quick heart beat. i can hardly breath and i always end up in the hospital so i stopped that too.. i made myself a elektrokardiyogram and came out just fine. had my blood checked and im fine on that too.. now when i eat anything i feel my heart beat quick with little pain. i got checked up and im fine then what can the problem be? do i have a serious heart problem? am i going to die soon or something if i dont do anything about it?		
A drug manufacturer makes a drug that contains 10% alcohol in 4 ounce bottles. How many gallons of alcohol USP		A drug manufacturer makes a drug that contains 10% alcohol in 4 ounce bottles. How many gallons of alcohol USP is required to make 16000 of these bottles?		
What is it like to have a parent that is/was an alcoholic		Im curious here. What is it like? Is it hard? Was it difficult to grow up around them? Was boundaries a hard concept to establish with them?		
Should I become an alcoholic		So many different types of alcohol, countless combinations of alcohol, and the joy of sharing new booze/mixtures of booze with friends and family! Why not? Im only really doing significant damage to my own liver. Its fine right? Life is to short to drink once a week or however frequently people generally think is fine. :-3	Additional Details @Flaw But my interest is not limited to wine.	
Are you aware of the Australian Propaganda of the Aboriginals (alcohol)		Australia is a very racist country where many people are kept ignorant of the facts by a sly and devious government. A government that deliberately chooses not to make Aboriginal culture compulsory in the education curriculum. Until 1967 Aboriginal people were not even counted in the census or were considered Australian citizens. They were classed under the native flora, fauna and dog act. Disgraceful dont you think? Australia had a policy just like South Africa where blacks were not allowed to enter into white areas - Apartheid. It wasnt until the mid 1980s that it was made compulsory for Aboriginal people to vote in elections. If people feel marginalized, its because they are. In places where the culture is still strong and untouched by European settlement you WILL see Aboriginal men using traditional tools, speaking their own language, hunting traditionally etc. Why? Because thats the way it works best for the environment and ensures natural resources are not abused. (Oh, and paperbark trees dont grow all over Australia, so it is fair to say in some places you wont see Aboriginal men stripping paperbark trees.) Aboriginal people have not destroyed any part of their land through traditional means. The incursion of European settlement brought separation from families and culture, which in turn introduced rubbish, disease, poverty and dozens of other social and environmental problems. The farmer pays the government for land that was illegally taken in the first place. Aboriginal people did not sell their land, it was invaded and taken over by people who have no idea how to manage it properly. Where is the deed of sale to the government and who has paid the Aboriginal people? Since the farmers have been using it, in a short 200 years there are thousands and thousands of acres across Australia that are now unviable because of overclearing, pollution of the waterways and ecological disaster. Cattle grazing in remote areas has seen the hard hoofs of the cattle destroy the natural landscape and its beauty. Instead, what is left now in many southern areas is a white and parched salty terrain that is useless for anything. Now, because the farmers have destroyed the land through poor farming practices, THEY are the ones with their hands out to the government begging for money. Seriously! They want compensation for something they did themselves. Aboriginal want compensation for something the Australian government did to them. As for being drunk, well, here is a statistical FACT. Aboriginal people are less likely to consume alcohol than non Aboriginal people. 71% of Aboriginal people in Australia drink alcohol, compared to 82% of non Aboriginal people. Alcohol is an item introduced by the Europeans. The rate of homelessness is far higher for Aboriginal people, which means they are more visible on the streets. This is why there is a misguided perception that more Aboriginal drink alcohol. Just as many non Aboriginal people stumble out in front of cars coming out of nightclubs and pubs in the cities. Its a factor defined by social habits, not defined by race. In some communities there are chronic alcohol problems and issues with getting children to school. It wasnt until the mid 1970s that schooling was compulsory for Aboriginal children - so why should the parents today care if it wasnt compulsory for them? Remote communities that do have schools need to take into account that English is often a second or third language, if it is spoken at all. Sending a child to school who has no grasp of the language is pointless. How about educating the teachers in the first languages of Australia and working form there? Make education have value and people will attend. Sexual abuse is endemic in Australia, not just Aboriginal communities. Non Aboriginal people hide it better because they have homes to go to. Aboriginal people are aware of areas where it is a chronic problem and are not ashamed to admit it and are trying to stop it. Non Aboriginal people just sweep it under the carpet and send their school teachers to work in other schools, and their priests to work in other parishes and tell them "it will be alright, we wont sack you from your job - just dont tell anyone." source:http://www.aihw.gov.au/publications/phe/sdua04/sdua04.pdf		
When a company does a drug test and detect alcohol, do they care		I know alcohol is legal, and okay to consume outside of work, but I am wondering because some companies call a drug test a drug and alcohol test.		
What is the classiest alcoholic drink		ive recently started drinking but I dont drink enough to be called a drinker its like once in a blue moon ill drink and I wanted to know what the classiest drink there was for when I do drink I prefferebly drink wine if that information helps but im always up for trying new things		
What happens when you use mouthwash that has alcohol in it when you have braces		I recently noticed that ever since I got braces, my gums have been growing larger and surrounding the brackets more. So I realized its probably because I havent been flossing and using mouthwash as much as I probably should. But, I realized that the mouthwash Im using has alcohol as one of the ingredients. Will this cause any bad affect on my teeth or braces? I just want my gums to go back to normal but Ive been flossing everyday for the past six days and using mouthwash and nothing has changed. Is that normal?		
How much alcohol in a shot		Hello Im 15 54 110-115 pounds, Im going drink shots of 40% alcohol brandy how much goes in a shot like halfway of a cup? and how many shots do I do? Im going to school tomo but its a pretty easy day...	Additional Details Please if you are not going to help dont answer this is not something Im going to spend my life doing I just want to do something fun right now while I play vgames...	
If drunk, unconscious, alcohol poisoning, laying flat on your back and vomit, can you die/ drown lungs		A friend of mine was having serious alcohol poisoning and became unconscious, he laid flat on his back, hit his head and started to gag, I picked him up quickly by his sweater and he immediately started to puke on himself uncontrollably. Could he have died? I just want to know the chances, he was completely in an unconscious state. When the ambulance came they still said he had no pulse and used a defibrillator.		
Can I get arrested for drinking alcohol when Im 16 or are my parents the ones who get in trouble			i thought you cant get arrested when you are under 18.	
Should Christians drink alcohol		I would like opinions on alcohol from Christians. I know many believers who see fit to get drunk despite the bible saying drunkenness is a sin. I want to hear people`s take on this.		
My dad lost his job and is now an alcoholic		My dad wasnt fired... I dont really know what happened and now hes supposed to wait 3 months until he gets a new one. He also has had some problems with his back and had an operation and hes unable to sit down properly and is in a lot of pain, he also cant drive which and he loved to. He has started drinking all the time now, he usually drank at night but now hes doing it ALL DAY LONG. And he promised yesterday that he would stop drinking but I came downstairs and I see him passed out on the couch with a half empty cup of wine. Its really sh*t. I heard my parents arguing the other day about it. My dad is all dramatic and pessimistic saying that its a problem, I dont know how to help myself anymore and he was making some plans that we all go somewhere for a walk and whatever. I have problems of my own.. but Id rather solve them myself not with him. I told him to solve himself first then try helping others out. And he kept it his own way as he usually does. But nothing happened. My mother is out, hes on the couch and im here, depressed. We want to get him help...or will he stop on his own? I got so pissed thinking about it that I was thinking about throwing his alcohol away. Should I do that?!?!? Its frustrating and I dont know what to do about it. Help me?? Hes 60 im 14.		
Why non alcohol mouthwash with new tongue piercing		I had my tongue pierced two years ago. I smoked, I drank, I ate. Whatever. The piercer never said "non alcohol mouthwash" she just said mouthwash. So, I used alcohol mouthwash and it healed beautifully. I had it in for 10 months, but decided to take it out with all my other body jewelry. I just got venom bites 5 days ago and the piercer told me non alcohol mouthwash. I still smoke, but I dont drink. I didnt have time to go to the store up until about 2 days ago, so I was using alcohol mouthwash and it was fine. Now Im using non alcohol mouthwash and pieces of my tongue are falling off around one of the piercings, the jewelry is tearing my tongue, it looks disgusting. Im thinking I should just use alcohol mouthwash again, but everything online says non alcohol and I called the piercer to tell him this and he yelled at me for using mouthwash with alcohol. Why is non alcohol mouthwash so important?	Additional Details Also, please no advice from concerned parents telling me to take it out or advice from teeny bopping scene kids who do at home piercings telling me I did something wrong. It healed fine last time and Im doing the exact same thing as last time, just with different mouthwash. I want someone to answer this who is a piercer, a doctor, someone who has been in my shoes, I dont know. Someone who KNOWS what theyre talking about.	
My report say, the blood contained 0.0941 gram percent W/V of ethyl alcohol, what dose it mean 		My report say, the blood contained 0.0941 gram percent W/V of ethyl alcohol in gas chromatography, what is the normal report range ? I am safe by law ? I am in Gujarat, India.		
Can people with skitzophrenia drink alcohol		ok so like hearin voices and **** bein paranoid . can u drink small bits of alcohol i dont mean getting ****** up i just mean drinking in moderation>? its not a big deal just wanted to know.		
Other regular drinkers; is there a type of teeth guard that can be worn to protect the teeth from alcohol		When I search for anything along the lines of alcohol teeth guard, all the results are only effects of alcohol on teeth, not any teeth guards available patented for drinkers I am already aware of water swilling, cheese eating etc, thanks, I only want to know of any other teeth protection methods there are...	Additional Details . OK thanks, Smells like New Screen Names, I got myself some Marvis mouthwash for christmas:)	
Can I give a body shot with a different drink than alcohol		I have a navel fetish and when me and my gf make love I usually tickle her navel by sticking my finger in it or blowing raspberries on it but I wanted to do something extra and since I dont drink alcohol I was wondering could I give her a body shot by pouring sprite or at other soda in her navel?		
If start taking diet pills can I still drink alcoholic beverages		I want to start taking diet pills to help me lose weight a little bit faster but every once in a while I go to parties with my friends and just want to know If it would be okay. Going to start using Green Coffee Bean Extract and Garcinia Cambogia Extract		
I.u.p.a.c. name of iso butyl alcohol				
What alcohol can a diabetic consume in moderation without running sugar up				
What alcoholic drinks shouldnt you mix	Maybe		Im 18 and I wont to know what drinks I SHOULDNT mix when I go clubbing? Because I really dont want to be sick! I am worried when I start drinking different cocktails I will end up being sick because I am mixing drinks. Please help on ways i can prevent myself from being sick? Please dont say dont drink at all because i obviously do want to drink... :D	
URGENT oding and alcohol n suicide		Ok so 2hours ago ish I took around 20 mebeveline tablets for ibs) n drunk ahlf bottle of vodka. Now Ice tried oding b4 but never gone like this. Felt fine at first then extremely dizzle and wanting to thow up an really stupid. Still feeling dizzy in pain but faded slighty. I keep going in n out of contiousness. I feel a bit better but still fuzzy. Need advice now pls, will I be ok? I promise never to do it again just pls help me		
Doesa nutrition Whole Food Brewers Yeast ferment sugars to alcohol				
Should alcoholics and drug addicts be classed as disabled		They are receiving disablement benefits such as DLA and PIP besides all the other benefits they receive. If they can get to the off licence and the dug dealers then how can they be classed as disabled?. Seems like the do gooders who get them these benefits are taking the proverbial out of us tax payers.		
I have a question to Experienced Alcohol users		Hey im 14 and homecomming is in a few days. For people who dont know its a dance of all 4 grades in high school. Typically almost everyone pre-games which is when you drink before u go to the dance and everyone gets drunk. I am a freshman btw, 9th grade. I dont wanna get really drunk though but i wanna get like buzzed? Im thinking coke with a little vodka but i dont know how much or that stuff. i only have access to vodka and beer which my parents keep alot of, if i slowly start taking vodka i could scavenge some and mix it with coke. also how long does it take to get drunk, because i need at least 10 minutes to drive there and get through security. please i know i have so many questions but someone please help me.		
When was the last time you drank alcohol				
Can alcohol leave the system in just 2 days		This saturday, January 4, I had gone out with a bunch of friends and drank about 2 - 2 and a half small bottles of Coronita (it wasnt a full regular sized bottle of beer, it was a mini shaped glass bottle). Then today, I got drug tested from my folks just a few hours ago and the only thing that came up in the drug test as positive were "antidepressants." A few months ago I was on un-prescribed antidepressants, my friend was giving them to me, but my folks found them and flushed them away. This was about 2 months ago. Could the antidepressants still be in my system? Or was it the alcohol that was detected on the drug test and appeared as antidepressants? Its a silly question, I understand, but Im still surprised that alcohol did not somehow show up on the drug test. Its a urine test, I pee in the cup and my folks stick strips into the piss and test which one shows a specific symbol to appear as positive for drugs or not. Its a 14-panel drug test. Could it be that the test simply does not test for alcohol? A friend told me it takes 72 hours, or up to 4 days, for alcohol to leave your system. Considering that I stopped drinking at 1am Sunday and was tested a few hours ago, it hasnt been a full 72 hour cycle. Please I need answers.		
Legal age to drink(NOT BUY) alcohol on an Indian Reservation		I know it varies from reservation to reservation blah blah - I was just curious if there are any actual restrictions on drinking age. I know they have the same (most of the time) drinking restrictions as the state theyre located in. However, Im not sure if drinking alcohol is an actual crime there? If so, what is generally the legal drinking age.		
Why do people think its childish for an adult to drink soda instead of alcohol		I dont understand why people think its childish to drink soda. Its immature to get drunk, only an irresponsible person would alter their mind for pleasure. I am tired of alcoholics and druggies who look down on those who refuse to induldge in the consumption of mind altering substances. Drinking alcohol does not make you an adult, it makes you a loser!		
Is my Dad an alcoholic or drug user		Hey Guys, So my Dad has been acting sort of weird for the past couple years. Hes a regular, fun-loving, amazing father during the day, but then once it becomes like, 6 at night, he gets weird. He acts really mean and nasty. Hes rude and doesnt ever let anything go. He begs for praise all the time. He slurs his speech and forgets conversations hes had. He falls asleep on the couch and then forget that he was sleeping, five minutes later. He basically ruins his relationship with my brothers and I, but only at night. For a long time, I thought it was alcohol. He always liked alcohol, but the weird thing is, I never saw him drink any before he got like this. My mom (who has approached him with these questions many times, just to have him deny that hes a different person at night,) thinks its drugs that he could be sneaking (which would make sense why we never saw him drinking). There could be another alternative. He could have something really, really wrong with him. He could be really sick (although he goes to the doctor a lot, and says nothings wrong) or he could be mentally ill. If anyone knows of anything that could be making him a different person at night, please let me know. He must be lying about something. More info on my father: 53 years old, separated from wife, 3 kids (20, 18, 12), high-paying job (which he hates), overweight, non-smoker. Thank you!		
Should we stigmatize alcohol use, like theyve done in many countries with tobacco		Jesus used to drink alcohol, so hed probably disapprove the stigmatization of the drug alcohol. Banning drugs like alcohol and tobacco is useless .... they just go immediately onto the black market. Without alcohol, the domestic and street violence rate would radically and immediately drop WAY down. Alcohol is a mind altering recreational drug, no better than speed, cocaine, heroin, LSD etc etc. If you deny that alcohol is a "drug" then you are JUST as ignorant and JUST as into superstition as Muslims and Christians are about their religions. Stigmatizing tobacco has GREATLY reduced cigarette smoking in many countries and saved many millions of lives. The same results can be achieved by stigmatizing alcohol use.		
Why is isopropyl alcohol polar		if you could tell me why its polar and how the size of a molecule with less surface tension causes a weaker IMF (intermolecular force) that would be just ammmmmmmazing. can you keep your answers somewhat simple so that a chemistry student in highschool could understand it? I know it sounds like a lot,but I would greatly appreciate it!		
How long does it take alcohol to leave the system		So Im 15 years old (male) and about six feet tall. I drank about 200-250 mil of 40% (80 proof) vodka starting at about 9:15 am ish, taking a break, and then starting again at 6-7 pm...I was just wondering how I can get it all out of my system, or the majority of it by tenish in the morning. Im athletic and weight about 160...could I just work it off?		
Is Vinegar a methyl ketone, primary alcohol		I was performing qualitative analysis tests. Based on the results, vinegar is a methyl ketone and a primary alcohol. Is this right?		
I have 60 proof alcohol in my house that sat around could i still get drunk from it.		It sat around for a couple years and is colder then room temperature but does sit around in the open and not in the fridge could i still get drunk from it is it still good i could mix it or somethin so its not nasty but does it still have some alcohol in it to get you drunk		
Whats a good diet for a recovering alcoholic		im drinking ginger ale to help the crack open a can feel sensation and smoking to stimulate		
What decides how flammable an alcohol is Ethanol is flammable but glycerol isnt, why		Why is it easier to light Ethanol with a match compared to other alcohols, does it have to do with the bindings between the atoms?		
Home button of my Iphone4 does not work properly.I am told that a cotton bud dipped in 92% Alcohol can help.		Put a cotton bud with 92% pure Alcohol over the Home Button of iPhone and press it 10 times till the alcohol penetrates the gap and leave it for 30 minutes to dry. My question is whether such cleaning done with Alcohol of 92% purity can really help or it may damage further my iPhone4 ?		
Name the alcohol that can be oxidized to form 3-methylbutone				
Is drinking alcohol at 15 Bad		my 1st time was at a party when i was 14. i felt amazingly attracted to all the girls i was dancing i felt like a king. I Drink on the weekend sometimes if my brothers are out clubbing. i like the feeling of tipsyness. everybody my age does it but my brother yells at me and says you cant. his like you look 9 not 15 and it really burns. so one day i had 11 cups of alcohol and told him whos 9 years old now i only Drink once or twice on a weekend every month when they go out. i like playing or watching movies while it. its amazing		
Why does it seem alcohol helps		Ok, well it seems to me that i can only be myself and enjoy life when ive been drinking, otherwise i cant socialise or interact with people. It makes me think on why the governments have legalised it, could be because how it helps people. So i ask why does it seem that when ive been drinking, everything is so much better and when im sober im nothing but a boring fuckwit?		
Do you really have to sign for alcohol if you order it..how will they know whats in the package		just wondering		
Does alcohol affect general physiotherapy results		I am applying for a visa and I have some tests coming up on Saturday. I drink rarely but have been doing so for the last few days following New Years. I was wondering if it should affect any of my tests results. I am only getting tests for T/B and no specific tests for drugs, but am i in trouble?	Additional Details i forgot to mention, i am also getting a regular physical examination	
Why the alcohol absorbs the infrared light		I hope you can help me		
Can I lower caloric intake by drinking alcohol from a spray bottle		I always enjoyed drinking Goldschlager cinnamon schnapps when I sit down to read my book in the evening, but lately I had the idea to pour the liquid into a little 1-ounce oral spray bottle (that originally came filled with Chloraseptic throat spray) so that Id consume less alcohol per evening. I read that the faddish "alcohol inhalation machines" are purported to reduce the amount of calories you receive from alcohol because the alcohol vapor being absorbed through the alveolar membranes somehow does not count towards caloric intake, as compared to alcohol liquid being digested through the gastric lining. This instinctively seems ludicrous to me, but then I had never considered it before. I know that I wind up inhaling a not-insignificant amount of this "Goldschlager mist" that Im putting in my mouth. My question is: Is this really "diet alcohol" since it is going in my lungs and not my stomach?		
What are some of factors that can give false positive result from an enforced blood alcohol content test				
Ramadan: Would you consider eating in a restaurant that serves pork and alcohol haram				
My boyfriend has had 4 and a half energy drinks mixed with alcohol and now doesnt feel right please HELP!		So we went and had a few drinks and a spa at a friends house. He was drinking the energy drink "mother" with the alcohol "Jaegermeister". I told him it was dangerous to have more then two but he went ahead and had 4 and a half. Now hes slept for a few hours and has woken up restless, cant sleep, has a lot of energy, his heart beat feels weird, he doesnt have a headache or any numbness but Im still scared for his well being. PLEASE HELP! What do I do?!		
I need a peppercorn sauce recipe without alcohol for tuna steak. Please help!		For religious purposes, I do not drink or eat foods with alcohol. I want an easy recipe/cheap (beginner cook here) and if possible, list the steps out! I need to impress at dinner tonight :) Thank you	Additional Details For the people who have not heard of the combo of peppercorn sauce and tuna steak - it is actually good. I ate at Bobby Flay steak house in Atlantic City and the food was amazing. So dont judge!	
How to overcome Alcoholism without counselling or AA		My Fiance and I are at our last legs so to speak. For 6 years I have been battling his alcohol with him, and I am tired. He is like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Not physically abusive, but mentally so, and when its over, and hes gotten it out of his system, he hates himself for the things he said and did that he would never do sober. He lacks a lot of control, and had a shitty mom growning up (Blamed him for everything, always comparing him to his sister, mind games..etc.) We have 2 kids together, and he is the most amazing person when he is sober, but we cannot afford counselling, and hes tried AA. To him AA just felt like a waste of time. They dont have the same mindset as him. Hes tried hobbies, but eventually gets bored. I dont know what to do?		
When will a D.V. abuser with drug & alcohol problems finally LEAVE you alone Restraining order already!		Its been 5 years since I met my abuser, whos been arrested 70 something times, in 7 different states. Hes violated the protection order and plead guilty 2 times last month. He violated in 2011, also plead guilty, after pleading DOWN a STALKING charge. Then he admitted to violate it again this week and again I reported him. I have NOT reported all 200 and something violations, but I HAVE REPORTED ALL OF THE VIOLATIONS SINCE AUGUST 2013. When will he just leave me alone? OR WILL HE NEVER? Im starting to think it IS NEVER. When do they go away? OR STOP CARING ABOUT YOUR PERSOL LIFE/SEX LIFE?		
Is Nancy Pelosi an alcoholic		Just asking. She shows many of the signs of it. And not everyone can always tell. She talks well and I think that has got her far, as some are taken in by good talkers, but she is not always reasonable at all. Although she thinks she is Her outlandish entertainment spending. Her need to please the men around her, she would lie for them and to them. Men and friends sometime dont see that well. They often flatter them. I have noticed that in her. I have heard her deny it so it must have been brought up before by others, but Alcoholics are very good at lying. Often claiming they rarely lie. Just things about her make me think that. And its not that many arent or havent been heavy drinkers in Washington. And I would say have drinking problems. Not something we should be proud of having so many alcoholics in charge of the county.	Additional Details ON comments, I know Bohner drinks to much as well- he is open about it-but I feel she does too. I have family members who dont show signs and many dont realize they are and hold professional positions. On her entertainment comment--most of hers the tax payers pay for--thats a matter of record Just wanted to hear what others thought. How aware people are of signs. Thanks for your comments. We dont have to agree Bryson--true, people dont always know unless they show physical signs but not all do and still are. A misconception on some peoples part. Im sure having family members you know how they can be.	
Can alcohol open doors of perception as well and as well		In my experience it does (except for coca cola, but then coke is not exactly for that).		
Is it right for my husband to ask my 18 yrs old niece to drink alcohol		My niece came to Canada to study 2 months ago, anc some time come to our house to spend weekend and have dinner. In 2 dinners, I asked my husband to get some fruit juice for my niece, and my husband asked me if she need Vodka in the juice, I said no because I knew my niece doesnt drink any alcohol, but my husband ignore my answer, went to ask my niece by himself if she want some Vodka, until my niece said no. Normally my husband never asked me to have alcohol in dinner with guests, only when want to have fun when there are only we two at home, because he knows I dont drink alcohol normally, and I always get excited after I have alcohol. Do you think its right for my husband to ask my niece to have alcohol? BTW, my husband is a white, and my niece and I are Chinese.		
Please confirm What is alcohol...		...a depressant or stimulant, and why?		
Should I try a dab of alcohol on my babies gums		So my baby started teething at just maybe 2 months old and she just turned 7 months today and NOT One tooth at all as come yet ! She is in horrible pain, I tried EVERYTHING you name it lol , baby orajel did nothing at all, tylenol helped at first but not anymore ,motrin not as much, teething tablets didnt help...She wont chew on teething rings/toys, she doesnt like the coldness lol I must have the only baby who doesnt like any of these things : ( So I debating to try a dab of rum or whiskey on her gums to try, since they did back the in the day? Any other ideas?		
How should I confront this guy about an issue (alcohol) Or is it even worth trying		Weve been seeing eachother for little over a month, and both have made it clear that we would like things to work out between us (were just taking our time cause we both been cheated on). Hes a great guy, very very nice, tons in common, has a good job, hilarious, and very good looking, but theres an issue. It seems like he is an alcoholic. I have come to this conclusion because on three occasions he drank a case of beer at home all by himself simply because he was bored (including tonight, and he said he wasnt feeling good and he took a lot of neo citrin, and specifically drove into town like that to get some beer), worst part is is that he is on call for work 24/7 and hes a snow plow driver. Now the times hes drank a case of beer it wasnt snowing, buuuut that doesnt mean it wont snow in the morning or with how cold its been he could get called out to sand the roads. I dont think hed go if he was drunk but it seems very irresponsible to me, especially because he can get fired for not having a good reason for not coming in (they pay him to be on call all the time so I cant blame them) Hes also told me his past how he used to get sloshed all the time as a teenager and has even drank and drive on a few occasions (MASSIVE turn off) but claims hes no longer like that. I no longer know if I should believe him. I try not to let alcohol bug me too much but my mom is an alcoholic, I dont even drink at all myself. I wouldnt care if he went to party with friends once in a while but him just drinking a case of beer by himself just because hes bored gives me a bad feeling..		
What is the percent yield of the reaction if 4.9g of ethylene gives 4.6g of ethyl alcohol		C2H4 Ethylene(g) + H2O(l) ? C2H6O Ethyl alcohol(l)		
Would you rather find your child drunk and passed out in a pool of alcoholic puke or stoned and dancing alone		to some old Beetle song like, I Am the Walrus?		
What is alcoholic cirrhosis				
What are some alcohol stereotypes for people of different backgrounds		here are some of mine cowboys drink whiskey, white Americans drink beer, Russians drink vodka, Europeans drink wine, black people drink tequila lol, and and Scottish people drink Scotch.		
How should I approach the guy I am seeing about an issue with alcohol		He drinks all the time (like a whole case of beer) by himself at home whenever hes bored. Normally I wouldnt care if he was with a few friends and hanging out, but like its by himself... And often, and hes on call 24/7 for work Now this guy is hands down the NICEST guy I have ever met, the only problem is the fact that he drinks a lot like that. How should I talk to him about this? Cause its a huge red flag to me (my mom is an alcoholic and I dont want a boyfriend who is like that). Were not dating yet but we have made it clear that that is our goal (before I realized this problem) so I want to at least see if we can find a happy medium rather than just forgetting anything. I just dont know how or what to say without insulting him		
Where can i buy a large container (gallon of larger) of 91% isopropyl alcohol. Preferrably online. Thanks				
A potentially fatal reaction to an alcoholic overdose is		Intoxication or Alcohol poisoning?		
Acetaminophen and alcohol accident!!! what do I do		I gave my fiance excedrin extra strength which has acetaminophen, and hes been drinking. We almost never drink so I really didnt think twice about and I feel horrible and Im worried. He drank a couple shots 2-3 hours before I gave him the medicine. Hes a big, pretty thin, but muscular guy. like 210 or 220 lbs. So he was only a little tipsy. I keep reading that itll be ok but then again that its really dangerous. And I dont know what to think. Hes sleeping now, I dont want to make him panic. But calling 911 or taking him to the ER seems unnecessary. Does anyone know? Im worried about him, how much damage will that do and how can he recover from it? should I be taking him to the ER?		
Can combining alcohol make 100% abv		If you were to, say, mix a rectified spirit (~95% abv) with a beer (~5% abv), would you have pure 100% alcohol?		
Should you listen to personal insults points of view when some is affected by alcohol		Am not talking about being so drunk they cant speak! but say they are a little tipsy or drunk.. does the truth really ever come out? are ppl saying whats really on their mind as the alcohol has made them uninhibited and... so they can say whatever.. without fear? or not, and its the drink speaking.. should we listen to them at all? I have read 2 different thoughts on this.. what do yu think? thanks	Additional Details yes agree recently I had a friend say sthing very nasty to me whilst she was drinking (I dont drink) now im questioning the f/ship,she it was such a b***hy thing to say it was cruel..	
What types of alcohol are served at high school parties		Im writing a story that involves the protagonist going to a high school party. And Id like to know what kind of alcohol is served at those kinds of parties!		
Can I have alcohol on a carb refeed day		Im currently on a high protein and low carb cutting diet and Im planning to do a carb refeed this saturday. Im meant to be going on a night out later on that day and I was wondering if it would be okay to have a couple of drinks. Im not talking about drinking loads of booze because I know theres calories in alcohol but will drinking alcohol harm the effect of the refeed at all? Thanks.		
What percentage of war veterans with schizoaffective disorder have alcohol or drug problems				
Atheists, if it were up to you, how would you regulate alcohol				
Atheists, if it were up to you, would you ban alcohol sales on a Sunday (out of respect for the Christians)				
Is it worth giving up alcohol		I feel boring when I dont drink.. I have social anxiety and like how being drunk means I am confident and can talk to guys and dance without caring who is watching. But afterwards I feel depressed.. My friends like to drink a lot and I dont want to be boring and not drink and look like I think Im better than them.		
How can i preserve a dead catterpilar without using alcohol...		its really huge and i want to preserve it dry...it should not shrivel or loose color..		
What are the alternatives to alcohol for storing soft bodied insect.				
Does alcohol absorb faster in wowen or men				
Can I use oak chips in 94% alcohol		I would like to give a little taste to the vodka that I make from 94% spirit. I know I can add oak chips to 40% spirits and wines, but I would like to know is it OK if I add them to 94% spirit (before I make it 40%) for few weeks. Thanks		
What do I do with my fear of alcohol when my roommates both drink		Alright, my parents never drank (due to morals and medications they were on that would have mixed badly with alcohol), so we never had it in the house. We never had guns, or drugs, or anything else that a minor could get into trouble with either, so I never thought I would have any issues with them. They just didnt exist. However, now Im out on my own with two roommates over the age of twenty one. They know that alcohol bothers me, so they try not to buy it when they know Ill be home... but that doesnt mean that they dont mix Kahlua into their coffee (while Im there and then warn me not to drink it) or buy vodka when Im away and hide it in the fridge. I dont want to be overbearing by searching out the house whenever theres an empty Smirnoff box in the recycling bin...but Im so scared of it that Im crying as I type this. I know theyre their own people and they can make their own decisions and drink what they want to... but it scares me to have it in the house and to know that they drink. Its worth noting that they both drink responsibly and never to excess. I want to be fair to them, but I dont want to live with this anxiety the entire time Im living with them. Help me, please. Any ideas about working through it or what to say to them would be most appreciated.		
Why is it that the same people who condemn Smoking & Alcohol use now are for marijuana legalization.		Billions have been spent to condemn Smoking and sued the cigarette industry and more Billions have been used to condemn Drunk Driving and promote responsible alcohol use because they are Bad for us. Now the Nanny state who said smoking was bad for us wants us to get high and is promoting the legalization of Marijuana for recreational use. I have a brother whose life has been destroyed by marijuana use. His brain has been destroyed by the drug and now is bipolar as well as an addict who steals from his family to feed his next high. I am burning up with anger every time I hear this crazy legalization of this gateway drug which is more dangerous then smoking and more harmful then alcohol. Who else finds it complete hypocrisy that the same government who spends billions to condemn and demonizing smoking and alcohol use now promotes the legalization of a drug worse then both of these combined?		
Will rubbing alcohol kill my zebra snail		I thought my zebra snail was dead jus maybe a week after i got it. i really like his shell hense the reason i got it. but he sat in his shell right after i got it. he was the one moving around in the pet store bt after he jus sat i thought otherwise. sooo... we decided well we like the shell, lets throw him in some rubbing alcohol get rid of the body n keep the shell fast.... nope another week or so n still up in his shell. not floating. jus chillin in his shell bout tempted to put him back in the tank. I had him in a tank wit a crayfish cuz i have a blue snail in my other tank. but neither snails feed off live plants well my blue snail eats the dead stuff but mr zebra wont touch the plants... but now im iffy about putting him in the tank. i think ill put him in a fish bowl i used to keep my betta in... but what do u think? is he alive????		
Should a person drink alcohol if they are thinking about suicide		this dude I know told me he thinks about suicide, so he drinks to make himself feel better. I guess it sounds logical. When I drink I feel better also but only for a while. Should I tell him he should not drink alcohol?		
Does alcohol make your face puffy What are the physical signs of alcoholism and drinking alcohol				
Are you glad that about the government u-turn on minimum pricing for alcohol				
Small dosage of antidepressants with alcohol		I am being put on a 10mg dosage of antidepressants to help my stomach (I have major bloating problems and this is known to help). Im wondering because I am supposed to take it at night: if I go out on a Saturday night, come home, and take my antidepressant, is that dangerous? Or does the fact that its such a small dosage make it okay? I would take it in the morning but my doctor says that it will make me too tired for class (Im in college).	Additional Details 10mg is an EXTREMELY small dosage. Do your research. My doctor is not irresponsible.	
Can I use alcohol to clean my stretched ears and then put lotion on them so they dont dry out		Im at a 10g and Im really want to know if I should use alcohol or not.		
How long before I can drink alcohol while having gastritis		I have just been diagnosed with gastritis, and I am starting my medication today. The doctor gave me a diet to stick too, and told me to stay away from alcohol for a while, but I am in college and it is going to be difficult to stay away from it for that long. I was wondering after starting the medication how long will it be before I can start drinking normally again, or if I can ever drink normally again?		
Is it bad if i drink alcohol at 9 am than after 9 hours i go to the gym before going i take prework out stuff		Than after the gym i take protien shake , just woundering if it affects you with the alcohol i consumed		
A government is considering levying an alcohol tax to raise revenue to finance health care benefits. People		A government is considering levying an alcohol tax to raise revenue to finance health care benefits. People for the tax argue that alcohol demand is price inelastic. Which of the following statements is TRUE? A. The alcohol tax may not raise as much revenue as anticipated in the years to come because alcohol demand is likely to become more elastic over time. B. This is a very good way to raise revenue both in the short term and in the long term because there are no close substitutes for alcohol. C. This tax will not raise much revenue either in the short term or the long term because demand is price inelastic. D. No tax revenue can be raised in this way because alcohol sellers will just lower their price by the amount of the tax and therefore the consumer price of alcohol will not change.	Additional Details .	
Non drinking Christians; what do you say to Christians who try to justify alcohol		I know there are many Christians who do not touch alcohol. I am one and find that I get belittled by those who choose to drink. I would like to hear from other non drinkers.	Additional Details deea- when do you go from the point of drinking to being drunk? When you cannot walk straight? Does the bible not say that wine is a mocker and a deceiver? research it. we are told not to even look at wine! deea- again. Jesus did not drink alcohol. If you researched this you would realize the truth. There are countless verses on this in the bible. look it up. There are thousands of articles online about this some of you seem convinced that Jesus drank wine at Passover. Guess what? Yeast was used to ferment alcohol and they could not have yeast at Passover! jesus calls it the fruit of the vine, by the way. no suggestion of alcohol. do you realize that grape juice is referred to as wine in the bible? I have done much research on this.	
Why does alcohol cause me to having tingling in my groin		Whenever i drink alcohol i get a tingling in my private area. im not horny either but i just have this tingling like i am horny though.. please tell me what this is??	Additional Details im also a guy and im 21 and am still a virgin i dont think its an STD	
Can I have alcoholism or other addiction even if I choose not to drink		I choose not to drink because I want to so much. I feel me wanting to so much means I have the traits for alcoholism and it ran in my mothers family. So could I have alcoholism and thus should avoid alcohol just as a former alcoholic would? I dont mean to I have active alcoholism as I dont drink but I mean to I have the addictive disease? I have this same addiction for marijuana but have never done it and figure I should avoid it if I want it like this.		
Why is alcohol banned for all people under 21 in the USA rather then being legal at 18		I feel since you can go to war at age 18 you should be able to drink. Why is it that alcohol is banned for people between 18 and 21 also? Is it because teens arent mature enough to handle it from aged 18-21? Is it a physical health thing?		
I want alcohol but I cant get to a store		life sucks. I want to be tipsy right now *sigh*		
Has drinking too much alcohol ever made you regret things you did		How did you get past this?		
Do the sign posted "alcohol only for 21 and up" give everybody immunity from police bust the party		I went in party. Its 70 percent of people are high school students. So they are underage drinking. I saw a sign on wall say no underage drinking. Also say only 21 and up can drink beer. I ask the guy who live in that house about the sign. He say oh dont worry about the sign. Anybody at any age can drink. I asked him what is it a joke? He say oh its for if police came because of report underage drinking, we show police this sign and that will give everybody including me a immunity from being prosecute and also it will show cop that we are obey the law and police have no reason to bust the party.		
I dont want to go to another psychiatrist, but I dont want to become an alcoholic. What do I do		After the passing of my bf, I think Ive become an alcoholic. Im not legal to drink yet but when I go to parties I can take 15 shots of the strongest and still feel nothing. Many people complain about the alcohol burning but I complain about it being weak. Drinking makes me feel the way I felt before the passing of my bf. when I was with him... oh my :) we were perfect for each other. Soulmates. I dont want to feel depressed. I just want things to be the way they use to be.		
Ever wonder how many people who say that grass should be legal, not alcohol, also drink				
Where, in orlando florida, can i find everclear alcohol				
How to remove rubbing alcohol from inside my phone			I was cleaning my screen with rubbing alcohol and it leaked inside and now theres a blotch of it under the screen. How do I dry it out or do I leave it and let it dry itself out?	
Will alcohol show In urine after 6 days		I have an alcohol testing screen on Saturday 1/18 at noon. Ive been invited to a bar to see a local band play this Saturday 1/11 and I intend to have some drinks there (5-6). No worries I have a D.D but Id like to just make sure that after 130 hours Id be good and clean. Thanks		
Does alcohol permanently damage the brain		I know it does if you drink a LOT on regular basis. But how about of you just drink a bunch once a week on a regular basis?		
Whats the deference between legal highs and alcohol 				
Is hard alcohol worse		For the same amount of buzz, is something like jack Daniels worse on the body than beer		
Blood test and alcohol		I just realized that I had alcohol more often lately and then had a blood test to check my insulin levels(hypoglycemic/insulin resistant). I think I had 3 beers sunday, 2 monday and 1 beer tuesday and I took a test wednesday. So now Im freaking out about it. Would the alcohol show up or thats only if you test for it? Im 20... lol.. I know its not that much alcohol on tuesday (luckily) but now im freaking out a bit because I drank for like 3 days straight and then had a surprise blood test and didnt think anything of it at the time. So im afraid it accumulated or something. There was about 15-16hrs sober between Tuesday and the appointment.		
Alcohol and insulin test		I just realized that I had alcohol more often lately and then had a blood test to check my insulin levels(hypoglycemic/insulin resistant). I think I had 3 beers sunday, 2 monday and 1 beer tuesday and I took a test wednesday. So now Im freaking out about it. Would the alcohol show up or thats only if you test for it? Im 20... lol.. I know its not that much alcohol on tuesday (luckily) but now im freaking out a bit because I drank for like 3 days straight and then had a surprise blood test and didnt think anything of it at the time. So im afraid it accumulated or something. There was about 15-16hrs sober between Tuesday and the appointment.		
Wedding toast that is non alcoholic please		We dont drink is there an alternative to wine or champagne? We want to have an alcohol free wedding.		
Can i drink alcohol 32 hours after having one wisdom tooth removed		I had one wisdom tooth removed 32 hours ago and im not on medication or anything else for it. I also didnt have it stitched up but it is blood clotting/has blood clotted. Is it okay to drink alcohol (Bourbon & Cole RTD in a can)? or will this give me the infamous dry socket that i have heard so much about through Google searches.		
Am I on the road to recovery I use to abuse alcohol. Now I treat it with love and respect.				
Why does drinking alcohol make me sick		Im 14 and even if I take a small sip of champagne, I get a fever right after. Like I start to get a headache and my stomach makes weird noises and starts hurting. Is it because Im not used to having alcohol in my system?		
Is it illegal for me to give my friends alcohol who are under 18 in Victoria		I have just turned 18 and I want have a few drinks with my friends, is it illegal for me to provide them with alcohol? Is it still illegal if we drink at a private residence? I need some professional advises on this please. Thank you. P.S. I know the law of drinking varies in different places, I live in Melbourne, Victoria.		
Muslims, what is your view on alcohol		I would like to hear from practicing Muslims on what Islam teaches about alcohol.		
Is it normal to get more and more sensitive to caffine/alcohol the older you get		Ive seen my GP, I have had urine tests, blood tests, MRI scans, internal scans, X rays. They cannot find anything wrong. Except I seem to get dehydrated easily but not explanation as to why even when I drink plenty. I get REALLY high on caffine, I become very creative, hear music, have visions my imagination becomes really powerful. I feel nature so much more, like it is talking to me(I dont hear voices but I can imagine what they might say in my third eye <SEMCOL>) ) Alcohol I cannot drink anymore. It started where I was getting drunker and drunker on less and less and also throwing it up, having worse hangovers and even IBS one way or the other. The last time I had alcohol I had a sherry glass of 4% cheap wine and I instantly got a huge headache, felt sick etc Im 24 any ideas?	Additional Details So what possibly could be wrong with me that the doctors are not picking up on? My liver was checked in the blood tests :/	
Mixing ritalin with alcohol when I dont have adhd. side effects				
Just took oxycodone and drank alcohol		what can i expect?		
Is it OK to mix advil and alcohol		I dont mean at the same time. But say I took 200mg of Ibuprofen at 4 or 5pm, then drank around 7or 8pm, would that be ok for me? I hurt my back yesterday while going for a run. I once mixed alcohol and prescription allergy meds by accident once, it was a bad experience, lol. But advil, for me at least, never causes drowsiness. Im a lightweight, and my max is usually 4 drinks, but I usually have 2 or 3, so it wouldnt be THAT much alcohol. Thanks!		
Is eating chocolates with liquor in them if you are under 21 in michigan They have 0.8% alcohol		Is it illegal to eat liquor chocolates as a minor? You dont get drunk or anything. Im Polish and this Christmas my family got a lot of these delicious polish liquor chocolates from friends. They contain 0.8% Alcohol. As a minor Im currently on probation and I get ETG tested for alcohol randomly. The day after Christmas (which I ate a whole box throughout the day) I got ETGd and failed. I didnt drink any alcohol or attempt to get drunk off of chocolates because that would be ridiculous. Is it illegal to eat those chocolates underage? I honestly didnt even know that they could make you fail an ETG. They taste amazing and nothing like liquor. By the way, I am on probation for being the DD for my friends after a party we were at and we got pulled over and we all got MIPs even though I as the driver wasnt drinking but the cop said its as if I were drinking by being in that situation and "Accompanying"		
Celebrity Big Brother UK and alcohol		Hi guys As far back as I can remember on Big Brother they only ever supplied a limited amount of alcohol which was usually a few bottles of larger and a bottle of red wine and a bottle of white.and occasional champagne. This year on Celebrity Big Brother theyve been supplying a lot more drink in terms of quantity but also a wider range such as those pre-mixex vodka and soda cans. I get they want the housemates drunk so theyll make better television but theyve been bending the rules a good bit. Did anyone else notice and do you think theyll keep this up for the summer version? :).		
Atheists, what do you think should be legal age to purchase alcohol				
If you add a drop of 2% alchohol to a drop of 4% alcohol, then what would be the total concentraiton		Im doing a biology experiment with a Daphnia (a water flea) in which I am testing the effects of alcohol and caffeine on the heart rate. I have this question: " (A) If you forgot to dab off the 2% alcohol before you add the 4% solution, what would be the concentration of the solution you put on the slide for the Daphnia (be specific about the concentration)?(B) Would the heart rate be more or less than expected? Explain. (C) Explain why alcohol is causing the heart rate to change this way. Mostly, I would like someone to help with A but if you feel like helping even more so, I would appreciate the others being explained. Thanks so much :)		
Can quitting alcohol cold turkey be very dangerous		Hey everyone, Im 24 years old male who is been drinking alcohol (beer mostly) since 3 years now and in moderate quantity. I use to drink about 3 beers 3 times per week or 4 sometimes, and some weeks just once or twice. And now I decided to quit its been 11 days i didnt drink any kind of alcohol and im feeling better and healthier. I do not feel any withdrawal. Will i feel withdrawal in coming weeks or days? My friend told me that its dangerous since i stopped cold turkey. Any comment, opinion, advises and even questions are welcomed. Thank you		
Is an alcohol free wedding reception tacky		My partner and I currently in the process of finalising things for our wedding. At the place we are having our reception they have asked if we want to have an alcohol free reception. We were surprised that there was such a thing as an alcohol free wedding reception, whenever we had been at wedding receptions in the past we would drink sparkling water or juice as we dont drink. At my SILs wedding, they especially bought a bottle of sparkling jasmine tea for my partner and I to drink during the toasts that wasnt just sparkling water. Since finding out there is such a thing as an alcohol free wedding, we have been considering it. We have been thinking of doing what my SIL did and having sparkling jasmine tea instead of champagne and serving non alcohol beverages to our guests instead of actual alcohol. I made the mistake of asking my SIL where she bought the sparkling jasmine tea in front of my MIL. My MIL as much as I love her does like to often like to poke her nose in and tell me everything I am doing is wrong. She has said that she thinks its tacky to have an alcohol free wedding, that we owe it to our guests to have alcohol and the reception and that once people realise there is no alcohol they wont stay though I did tell her if our guests did care for us and want to celebrate the day with us they would come to the reception regardless if we served alcohol or not.		
What is the part of alcohol that is so addictive to alcoholics				
Is forcing someone to drink alcohol a crime		I met up with someone online and we went to a hotel. He bought some alcohol and had glasses. I didnt want to drink too much and he kept telling me to drink it and pour it into the glasses. He even mixed it with coke so it wouldnt taste too strong. Is this forcing someone to drink if they dont want to, or he was just being encouraging?		
Why some people get addicted so easily to drugs, alcohol, tabaco, etc. and some other people that...		have a taste of this substances do not get addicted to them?, does it have to do with mental stats?, is this psychological?		
Do you notice that alcohol cools you down, or heats you up				
Underage alcohol charge and license suspension		Hello. I was charged with minor in possesion of alcohol 2 years ago when I was 13. My punishment was a $229 fine and a 90 day license suspension effective after my 16th birthday. I am going to turn 16 in April. I was wondering if there was a law in Pennsylvania that dropped charges and suspensions made to a minor after a certain amount of time. Like a statue of limitation. I looked at my states laws for statues of limitations, but there was nothing about minor in possession charges. Any help would be great. Thanks!		
Alcohol and the pull out method		Ok, so i have heard before that drinking alcohol slows down reaction time. My fiancee drank quite a bit on new years although I stayed sober. and we had sex 3 times all times he did pull out, but now I have been having food aversions and alot of discharge and im just wondering if its possible that he didnt pull out on time		
I pierced my left ear. I dont know how long I need to alcohol it or anything really		Help would be fockin noice mate		
Asda company policy regard pictures of alcohol		I was shopping in Asda with my little brother and decided i wanted to buy some more Whisky so went too the alcohol aisle, hes quite young and found some of the names on some of the bottles funny like Mount Gay rum for example, anyway he was looking at different bottles while i was looking at the Whisky for sale when a lady come up to him asked him if he was taking pictures of Alcohol then said theyre going to have to make him delete the pictures. What i wanted to ask is whats the deal with this? Is it really company policy that youre not allowed to take pictures of alcohol bottles to show to your friends? Who is it hurting, its nice like its top secret ... just google the names and you can find pictures, i just thought the whole thing was bizarre. I just cant understand whats wrong with doing so, and does anyone have a link too where it states in Asdas policy that you cant do so? As i was just curious.		
Got put second to alcohol, what should I do		Okay long story short Ive been seeing this guy for just over a month, sweetest guy Ive ever met and we have tons in common. This past week tho, hes gotten drunk by himself at home three days in a row, while hes on call for work. Because of this I had become concerned hes an alcoholic. So for the past few weeks weve been trying to plan a date, cause we never actually went on one yet cause our schedules are pretty opposite, but everytime we made a plan he had to cancel because he got called into work, which is fine, and he was always extremely apologetic about it. Tonight we were supposed to finally go on a date cause he knew he was off for sure, and this morning he cancelled on me because he was too hung over from getting drunk last night, once again by himself at home. I was ofcourse very upset, but was even more upset when all he said was sorry like he really didnt give a flying f*ck about it. I didnt respond to that text message and he never once tried contacting me since. So now I feel like things arent going to work out between us. The thing is I dont know what my next move should be, should I text him first tomorrow? Should I wait for him to text me? What should I say if he texts me like nothing happened? Should I just bring it up or wait for him to text me with an apology? I need advice :( And the reason why drinking like that and acting like that is such a concern for me is because my mom is an alcoholic and its very similar to how she acts		
Whats the trick to drinking alcohol		I have a flask full of jamacian rum its 49% alcohol and just from smelling it I feel like puking putting this in my mouth worries me Ill throw up instantly but I really wanna get tipsy tonight		
What exactly causes coffee and alcohol to be diuretics What biological processes are heppening in the kedneys				
What kind of questions would be on the drug and alcohol test		Im about to take the drug and alcohol test, ive never done this, what kind of questions would be on the test? Would it be easy? Where can i get both the drug and alcohol test and the permit test? What kind of answers are they looking for on the drug and alcohol test?		
Which is worse: Alcohol or Fast Food		Instead of drinking tonight I decided I would just chill with my girl. Figured I was being healthy by not doing my usual saturday night drinking but then got 2 double cheeseburgers and a large fries from McDs. I was pissed cause it was 1 a.m. and now Im gonna have to hit the gym up. Anyways, what is worse..7-10 beers or some Mcdonalds at 1.am?	Additional Details Part 2. whats the best kind of Tea for digestion??	
Some Counties In Arkansas Are Dry Is It Illegal To Have Alcohol		Some Counties In Arkansas Are Dry Is It Illegal To Have Alcohol? or just to sell it?		
How much alcohol in a shot		Im not talking about alcohol in percentage. I decided to Google countries and their percentage of alcohol intake so I could measure the drinks. The ultimate rating was by pure alcohol volume. I couldnt find it on Youtube but if someone could tell me the alcohol volume in a shot of vodka Id be able to work out the math in general. I couldnt find it in Googling, so any help in pure alcohol per shot of vodka (or any 40% alcohol at this point)?		
Boyfriend is puking from alcohol/a cold		So my boyfriend is like never able to get drunk. Tonight some of us were hanging out at my place and he drank half a bottle of whisky. Ive never seen him like this before. He got really deep and philosophical for a while. Now ive been with him at the toilet rubbing his back, giving him water, and flushing when he pukes. Weve been here for over an hour. Hes thrown up about 4x, and spit a lot more. He had a throat ache and was losing his voice before, but he said his throat was killing way more now. Wheneved he starts to get up he says he feels like a 7/10 nausea wise. His nose started bleeding too. I dont know what to do....he keeps telling me be ceels badly that im staying up and I should go to bed, but i cant sleep when hes like this....what do i do?		
How to break borane chelate with amino alcohol		I have done a reduction reaction using borane thf complex. My substrate contains both amide and alcohol functionality. After reduction the product is an amino alcohol, but in the resulting product the position of amine and alcohol is such that the borane forms a six member chalate ring, which is very stable, so I cant separate the product from reaction mixture. It is important to break the chelate in order to separate my product from reaction mixture. Please suggest me how can I break the borane chelate with amino alcohol???		
Which of the following alcohols undergoes dehydration upon heating with concentrated H2SO4 without carbocation		rearrangement? 2-methylhexan-3-ol 2-methyl-2-phenylpropan-1-ol 3,3-dimethylpentan-2-ol 3-methylpentan-3-ol both 2-methylhexan-3-ol and 3-methylpentan-3-ol		
Which of the following alcohols is the LEAST susceptible to oxidation by traditional, chromium-based oxidizing		a. 2-methylpropan-1-ol b. butan-2-ol c. butan-1-ol d. 2-methylpropan-2-ol		
Which alcohol reacts most rapidly with the Lucas reagent...		a.2-propanol b.isobutanol c.methanol d.benzyl alcohol		
Do you know this song "Alcohol ,alcohol, tomorrow morning Ill be climbing, the wall...		....alcohol, alcohol, tomorrow morning, Ill be sick, as a dog." Dont know the group, or even much more of the, words, so I realize Im not giving you much to go on, but could ya all, try o help me out here. Ill give Best Answer to...to...well, lets face it, Ill give best answer to, who ever the hell I feel like. Dont ya all, just hate those idiots that say " Ill give best answer, to first answer." What the hell, do they think this is, anyway. Jeopardy lite? Now, ya see, that was a joke, for the benefit of all my many, enlightened contacts, over on the Jokes and Riddles page,who ( eager to get to,the hilarity ) would click on my question, without noticing, I wondered off, the old,Corktown campus. Hope ya,all liked it.		
Alcohol has NEVER made me puke	imnotr		With exception of overdosing on pills mixed w alcohol, and long car ride w tacos and alcohol, ive NEVER puked from alcohol. Ive never puked from any sickness either. Dont get me wrong, ive drank plenty. Ive gotten completely shitfaced, blacked out, and gone on full 2 week binges that consisted of me drinking from sunrise to sunset. Yet, ive never puked after just drinking. But as of lately i cant drink liquor anymore because it gives me SEVERE stomach pain. Idk why. Theres even been blood in my poop. But im over getting totally wasted, jus a few beers and im good. But when i discuss this with people they always seem so shocked that alcohol doesnt make me puke cuz ive yet to meet someone who never does either. Does anyone know why or what it could be? I have a guess that maybe since i dont/cant puke out alcohol once ive had too much, is the reason for such awful stomach pains the next day. Even if thats so it doesnt answer my question that neither google search had an answer to..	
Which alcohol should I use to get rid of hair wax		Hi I saw many ppl say that alcohol can get rid of hair wax and I wonder which alcohol should I use...is alcohol like whiskey useful?pls give me an answer!!!!really emergency!!my whole hair is full of wax and its hard to get it out!!!		
Alcohol or weed: which is safer		my mom is a heavy drinker, and I hate it. she always talks about wanting to get a medical card to buy weed and I was wondering if smoking weed would be better for her? she got sent to the hospital for liver problems, but does smoking weed cause lung cancer at all? which would be better health wise?		
Alcohol, ketone and aldehyde reactions, biochemistry / organic chemistry		alkene + alkane --> alkene + alcohol --> alkane + alcohol --> alkene + ketone --> alkane + ketone --> alcohol + ketone --> alkene + aldehyde --> alkane + aldehyde --> alcohol + aldehyde --> ketone + aldehyde --> Could you please a) give the answer, including any byproducts (or state if this reaction is impossible) b) state what type of reaction it is and why (e.g. addition reaction) c) what conditions/factors apply for this to be possible, e.g. heat, amount of reagent, type of catalyst, etc. d) what happens if there is excess of one of the compounds e) state if its reversible		
Easiest ways to carry alcohol without bottles or backpacks		My mom is driving me to the mall so I can hang out with my friends but were not really going to the mall. Were gonna get there and go somewhere else and drink. Im supplying alcohol. How can I bring it without carrying a backpack or waterbottles or anything? Ill do that water bottle thing as a last resort but it would be very suspicious to tell my mom that I need to bring my bottle of water to the mall with me. So, any ways to attach the alcohol to my body? Someone said to fill up 2 plastic baggies and stuff them in my bra. I liked that idea. Any other way to attach alcohol to myself without it being obvious? And none on the butt region because I have to sit down in the car.		
Illegal to refuse sale of alcohol		I am currently living in a state where I am not a resident. I am also 23 years old. A couple of times in the past month I have gone to a big chain store (Walgreens/CVS type store, though not one of those two places) near my friends house and tried to buy a six pack of beer before heading over to hang out with my friend. This store is a large chain and I know for certain it is a publicly traded company. Anyways, the manager(or I assume he is the manager) has given me a really hard time about my ID. He asked me for a second and third form of identification. Is this legal? My ID/Drivers License is a current and valid photo identification issued by the government of the state I am a resident. It is a legal form of ID...so shouldnt that be enough? Why would he question it and then sell me the beer after seeing a student ID and library card, that are not government issued? I think hes being a bully and trying to abuse any power he has. Anyways, my ultimate question is this: If I refuse to show a second form of identification, can he legally not sell me the beer, even though I showed my government issued ID, and it is a public company?	Additional Details Paul and John, I have been here nearly two years, but am not going to change residency because I am only in this state for graduate school.	
Is it possible through evolution to be immune of the effects of alcohol				
Is it okay to take alcohol on accutane		I just got prescribed for accutane 2 days ago and Ive taken 1 dose of 40 mg. only one pill last night. Is it safe for me to go get wasted tonight? I really want to, a lot has happened this week, just trying to make sure its not dangerous		
Do you think its a good idea to experiment with alcohol BEFORE you go to college				Additional Details I think its a good idea to be educated and know your limits so you dont get taken advantage of at a party or not go to class because your hungover or something.
How can i have a good house party without alcohol		I dont know whether to have a big house party with 30 people or invite 6 people (3 girls 3 boys) to sleep in a tent in the garden. I like the idea of having a big party but it will be more intimate and we will be able to play spin the bottle and stuff if there was only 6 of us. but there will be defo no alcohol. im 14 by the way. but all I am asking is your advise on what to do at each of these parties and which one I should chose.. thanks xx		
My under eye swell every morning if I drink alcohol before I go to bed		Why is this happening?		
Will Alcohol go bad if stored in a Gatorade/Powerade bottle		Im not sure which alcohol I prefer. (Probably whiskey, gin, or vodka) Will any of those go bad if mixed with Gatorade and then stored for 2-5 days? Not sure if the plastic and ingredients will do something to the Alcohol. And You guys have a preference to which alcohol and drink mix? Thanks!		
Racing heart after drinking alcohol		Today I woke up feeling quite ill, sore throat and generally feeling down. I had an exam at 2pm and my friends asked me to the pub straight after. I had only had cereal and a banana and I drank 2 pints of strongbow fairly fast, and stayed around in the pub for a few hours. I then bought a sandwich and went home for a bit. My heart felt like it was racing at like 120bpm but I tried to ignore it even though I was worried. A few hours later I went back out with my friends, I drank another 2.5 pints of strongbow over about 2 hours and had a burger because I had barely eaten all day. Ive got back home and gone to bed because Im extremely tired and achy (probably because I felt ill earlier) and my heart seems to be going at 110bpm? Is this something I should be worried about and rush to the hospital because Im very anxious about it		
Diabetic help with alcohol		Im 15 and Ive got type 1 diabetes. What do I do when I want to consume alcohol, as in naggins of vodka? I know when having cans of alcohol I should eat plenty of carbs before hand, but Ive never tried vodka before. Bare in mind that I wont be at home, Ill be drinking with my friends so I wont have much with me apart from alcohol!!		
Gun Control Folks: Why would gun prohibition work when Alcohol, Abortion, and Marijuana Prohibition failed		Im not trying to stir the pot, or trying to make some big stand for the 2nd Amendment. Im just wondering what makes you think legislation of guns would do much good? Also what do you think is "reasonable" gun control?	Additional Details Ive seen a few answers worth replying to and a few misconceptions Id like to set straight. You can make black powder from store bought ice packs. Plenty of people reload ammunition, A LOT. To "Creation Crusher" "Darla" I never said that. EVER. As in NEVER. Im saying though that laws that are impossible to effectively enforce should be reconsidered."Pragmatism Please" Tommy gun have been obsolete since the 40s they are incredibly expensive, heavy and hard to find. I know quite a few people who think guns are evil and should be outlawed	
Is alcohol free hair gel Ok for you		I need something to smooth my hair out soi can look neat. I have this alcohol free hair gel I looked at the ingridients nothing in it seems harmful. Is it Ok ppl keep telling me gel is bad for your hair. Btw the brand is by olive oil. I use used some nice products from them like the hair spray and the hair lotion they have. But is it Ok??		
Alcohol pushers How to deal		Im married. My husband and I are in our 30s. The people, both friends and family in our lives right now seem to be drinking all the time and tend to always push drinks on us. Besides finding other plans with new people... What are some ways we can combat or shield ourselves from the pressure. No one wants to be the stick in the mud.		
Alcohol peer pressure. How to deal		Im married. My husband and I are in our 30s. The people, both friends and family in our lives right now seem to be drinking all the time and tend to always push drinks on us. Besides finding other plans with new people... What are some ways we can combat or shield ourselves from the pressure. No one wants to be the stick in the mud.		
Any tea/drinks that make you feel better than alcohol does		I want to feel good without alcohol. I was drunk once, when I was 17, that was enough. I need to feel better, relaxed, ect, without side effects. All these relaxing herbal teas seem to be placebos. :(	Additional Details whats with the hostility? Ive just been in pain lately, the sort of ocd I have has gotten me to grind one tooth to a pulp, and my anxiety and insomnia has me really sick. All I said was I wanted to relax, feel better, whats wrong with that? Seriously, I kept track, and Ive slept 12 hours all together for seven days, and it wasnt even deep sleep, I dont think I can help Dafur with their problems right now, when im miserable and delirious.....	
How is it that pot is illegal but nicotine and alcohol arent		You cannot die from marijuana. People die everyday from alcohol. From what I understand alcohol is MUCH more damaging to the body than marijuana. Why is marijuana seen as such a horrible thing? It makes absolutely no sense.		
Why is too much Religion like drinking too much Alcohol		Both are intoxicating and makes people do crazy things!		
Is grocery store pub cheese made with alcohol		The pub cheese appetizer you get at restaurants is made with craft beer, but what about the type you buy at the store?		
Will rubbing alcohol treat infection		I think my cartilage piercing is infected. If I were to apply chamomile tea bags, and clean it once a day with rubbing alcohol will it get rid of the infection? Also would tea tree oil maybe help? I got my double helix piercing about 3 weeks ago and the area aroung the hole is a bit swollen and red.		
How long can alcohol stay in your urine		Im not 21 but I had a few sip of mikes harder lemonade, and Im getting drugged tested tomorrow and I dont want it to show, so would it clear before then?		
Do you like drink alcohol		I do sometimes, specially wine or whiskey.		
Alcohol consumption for diabetics		What do diabetics do when consuming vodka? Should they take mixers with sugar? Eg: coca cola?		
Can alcohol cause continuous hiccups				
Is it ok to wash my mouth with alcohol		I am tired of toothpaste.		
HOW MANY DAYS OR HOURS OF NO ALCOHOL CONSUMPTION ALONG WITH TAKING MILK THISTLE AS A LIVER CLEANSING / DEXOTFI				
Fake alcohol drinking. How to pretend		Im looking for suggestions on how to pretend to be drinking alcohol so that people around me dont suspect I am abstaining.		
Growing up with an alcoholic father		Let me tell you a story. I am 14. Ive been through a lot & learned a lot. I know a lot for my age through experience. A few years ago I lived in a house in my hometown, a nice town. My father lost his job - got laid off his job as a manager in a huge warehouse. It was a nice job and he made pretty good money. He had that job for 28 years. My mother didnt work because she took care of my sister and I when my father worked. My mother had to stop working as she was pregnant with me - she worked in the same warehouse as my father. My parents met each other there, got married, and had me. Ive only moved twice in my hometown. My parents dont get along anymore, they arent divorced or legally separated either. Why did my father get laid off? He got surgery and was hooked on pain meds. so he took much time off work and was always on his feet, never sat down. Also, the surgery was a malpractice because the surgeon screwed up the screw in his foot, etc. So, my father came home from his job one day and said he had something to tell my mother and was laughing sort of. It took him a few hours to finally say he got laid off. Things went from alright to horrible. My parents never got along. My father has always been an alcoholic, smokes cigs as well. My mother is as well. She got worse though hearing my fathers job loss. Drinking was her way to deal with it. I have a younger sister as well, shes 8 now. Anyway, I have a father as you know. I dont consider him as an adequate father and never ever have. He would never pay attention to my family. He would rather sit at home to drink and watch the game than go out. Hes always been that way. Always rushed everything too. Not to mention his continuous business trips all over the U.S. that would even happen around holidays. We lost our house and got evicted in 2011 from not paying the bills. I live in my grandparents ranch house in a different city but same state. I live there with my grandparents (fathers) uncle, father, and sister. Mother lives with her Mom in same city too. Father didnt get his vehicle fixed either - hasnt been on road in a few years now. He has a serious alcoholic problem. Priorities are out of line. Hes enabled. I dont really feel like I need a mother figure - I need a father figure. Any man with class, maturity, and is older I find attractive and get attached - Id have to know them obviously from school, etc. and no I dont want sex, etc. I need a father figure because I will never ever have respect for my real father ever. He even had 401K money he received in like the fall/ winter of 2011 and blew through it all in a short amount of time and I think it was 15k dollars. Now what did he spend it on? 95% was on his addictions. Not even a nickel was spent toward fixing his vehicle. I am not like anyone in my grade because I am so more mature and stuff. I dont like guys my age. I have good friends though that are mostly girls and some guy friends. I cant help but to say I dont find any guys attractive unless theyre 26+ or whatever. I cant control that and I know to be careful. I am looking for a father figure, thats all. My father is extremely stubborn and I dont think hell get help. Plus the fact, hes in denial as well. He doesnt care. We have a caseworker too, shes no help. She says that her job isnt to stop his drinking. Hello. The drinking is the problem. He becomes aggressive physically when hes drunk and demeans people. I have a counselor at school I speak to every Wednesday and I talk to my assistant principal at school, I look up to him. I sort of was attached to him but not anymore because he rejects me sometimes when hes busy so I learned. He just got that job last school year when I was in 7th. I also talk to a guidance counselor at school every Monday. I am going to high school next year and I used to cry and cry Id miss my father figure assistant principal but not anymore. I felt like I would miss him more than anyone else. I think he knows I really like him too. We share some interests too, in music. We both like DMB and were talking for like 15 minutes about them in his office after school and about their albums and stuff and that was a very special moment. Changing subjects, my mother has had boyfriends but most - all but one werent the best influence on her as they drank as well. No father figure Id ever want. I dont gaze upon older men who drink and are unreliable and stuff like my father... If you have any suggestions or questions - ask! I dont know how to respond to something on here so you can email me at chloerosesavoia@gmail.com but ONLY if you have any questions. Please relay your thoughts or whatever here you have for me!	Additional Details Spelling mistake - grandparents When I said my grandparents (fathers) I meant my fathers parents, and when I said uncle, I meant my fathers brother (my uncle)	
Organic chemistry (alcohols) problem		What is alcohols molecular formula if there is 52,18% carbon, 13,04% hydrogen and 34,78% oxygen in it? Please explain how to solve		
How to find percent blood alcohol		The average human has 7 pounds of blood for each 100 pounds of body weight. Using the percent alcohol for your beer (5.31%), if one bottle of the beer is consumed, what will the percent blood alcohol be for your weight (140 lbs)? Note that a bottle of beer has a volume of 35 mL.	Additional Details density of alcohol: 0.789 g/mL *bottle of beer has a volume of 355 mL	
Sneaking alcohol on a cruise		Im trying to gather ideas on how to sneak alcohol on a cruise ship. Has anyone successfully done it if so how.		
How much money does the canadian government make from taxing alcohol&tobacco annually		Please source your answer :) I want to know how much the government actually makes from the tax, not that 19 billion in alcohol and tobacco are purchased annually.		
Why are alcoholics often nicer when drunk then sober and why are others meaner when drunk then sober				
After drinking alcohol my blood pressure is always lower; a perfect reading. Should I ignore this reading		because of the alcohol?		
Making alcohol out of lemonade		Ok so i had about half a gallon of lemonade left back in october i brought it out friday and ran it through a filter so what do I do with it because it tastes kinda funky	Additional Details Its already turning into alcohol the smell and taste and the fact it lights on fire	
Why should marijuana be illegal but alcohol legal				
Is God an alcoholic or drug addict		He was so desperate to get drunk once that He actually used his magic powers to turn water into wine. -He exhibits ALMOST ALL of the personality traits common to severe alcoholics including a violently abusive relationship with his son. I would think tho		
Why do most child stars become drug addicts and alcoholics				
Alcohol consumption and OCD/Schitzophrenia		Hello. Well Ive been drinking alcohol pretty much non-stop for the past 2 years. Recently its caused me to have sharp pains in my stomach, and sickness to certain foods e.g pizza fried breakfast. This went away after a few weeks. Anyway, my main concern at the moment it my OCD symptoms. Ive had OCD for years now, Im 20 at the moment, but it was always never a major issue in my life. But recently I have noticed that it is considerably worse, examples of whch are.. Having to do something a number of times and having to check that there isnt a ghost or some sh1t outside my door a number of times before I shut it. Its really messing with my head, some times I some what hallucinate and think I see things out of the corner of my eye, or if its a severe period I literally jump because I thought someone was following me. I feel that the OCD softens when I dont drink alcohol and pretty much goes away. I drink around 20-30 units a night (UK) Does anyone know if I am right thinking this is OCD, I had thoughts that I were to be schizophrenic, but I do not literally hear a voice telling me things. Thank you :)	Additional Details Im 20 years old by the way, if that helps anything.	
Is it illegal to drink alcohol in public (in england)		If your walking down a public road or in a public place is it illegal to be consuming any alcohol?		
What alcohol do you recommend		Ilive in the uk, what alcohol do you reccoment for a little gathering that will get me drunk? Like what alcohol is essential		
Alcohol poisoning 40% alochol		Hi Im 54 and around 110 pounds I drank 2 shots of brandy 40% alcohol and I got drunk about a week ago lol. If I drink another 2 shots could I get alcohol poisoning and maybe I was just lucky I did not get alcohol poisoning last time? Help me out that was my third time drinking btw.		
Shipping Alcohol Internationally		I just came back to the states with some Puerto Rican rum I bought for my boyfriend. He lives over seas. Is is legal for me to ship it to him through UPS (I need to send him 3 50ml bottles... so they are a small size)?		
Best Gatorade/Powerade And Alcohol Mix		What alcohol and common beverage do you guys/girls prefer to drink when trying to drink incognito?<SEMCOL>)		
Do a Drink-Alcohol or a Word-Church make you feel better				
Illegally Possessing Alcohol!		My friend received a ticket for illegally possessing alcohol back in September, and the officer who gave her the ticket told me that because she is a student that she can fight it for a lesser charge. She set up a court date which is the end of February, and she isnt sure how to go about anything. What does she say, when she is in court. What does she do? The officer was on a bike, he did not ask for government ID, he only asked for her student ID which he said was fine. But it does not include her birthday, age, address, etc. It only has my name and student number. We had a floor meeting with our residence assistants, they said that if we were out and about to have our alcohol in a opaque mug with a lid we would be fine. The officer approached and grabbed the cup from her hands, took the lid of and smelled it then dumped it. He had to ask her what it was. She was honest, told him nothing but the truth, she complied and did what he asked. This is the situation and she was wondering what to do. Please help!		
Legal Age to Purchase Non Alcoholic Beer in Wisconsin		Hey everybody, Im 18 and I read on Wisconsins DOT webpage that it is legal for 18 year olds to drink N/A beer, but do you know if its legal for 18 year olds to purchase? I heard it was, but most places wont sell it to you till youre 21. If anybody knows if you can buy N/A beer in Wisconsin when youre 18 and where theyll sell it to you at 18 would be very appreciated. Also, dont give me the whole "n/a sucks drink real beer", I have diabetes and its not a good idea I drink alcohol, so I figure N/A is better than nothing.		
Does Worcestershire sauce has alcohol and how much do they cost and where to buy them		I just heard bad stuff that they have alcohol and i want to know which store they are located at what price because I plan to make English Tea Cucumber sandwiches for a cute little tea party with family.		
Can you still drink alcohol if your stomach is really full		so i ate and im really full so can i stil drink alcohol without puking cuz im gnna go out to meet some people and i dont want to be puking with all those ppl im a girl 52 if tht help		
Why cant people stop drinking alcohol		it is dumb and nobody should drink something that impairs your judgement and could cause you to hurt someone else everyone should just drink water BAN ALCOHOL WORLDWIDE FOREVER!!!!		
What is the best kind of alcohol to buy if I have lemonade and red lemonade	Marissa 			
Would i go to jail if i didnt complete the alcohol counseling for my dui		Im not sure if im going to complete it, will i end up in jail? I live in los angeles and got caught in Hollywood if that helps.		
I was a very severe alcoholic from 20-24		I had to have had thousands of drinks between these years What kind of health problems can I anticipate later on in life? Im 25 now and quit drinking.		
Using a "box-o-wine" plastic bladder to sneak alcohol on a cruise.		So my wife and I are going on our first cruise in a few days and were looking into ways of sneaking alcohol onto the boat. I have read about a product called "Rum Runners" which are plastic bladders. Figured I could just use a bladder from a box of wine and fill and use it.. Only concern is that I am thinking the spout on the wine bag will show on x-ray... Any insight on this and any other info is very much appreciated. And Ive read all the other posts buy theyre all 3+ years old. Thanks everyone!		
Smuggling alcohol onto a cruise		So my wife and I are going on our first cruise in a few days and were looking into ways of sneaking alcohol onto the boat. I have read about a product called "Rum Runners" which are plastic bladders. Figured I could just use a bladder from a box of wine and fill and use it.. Only concern is that I am thinking the spout on the wine bag will show on x-ray... Any insight on this and any other info is very much appreciated. And Ive read all the other posts buy theyre all 3+ years old. Thanks everyone!		
My cousin claims Im an alcoholic		I was at my cousins house for a bbq yesterday and had a few drinks "5 to be exact" I got a little loud and fired up "I was playing a video game with her son" but no issue. She gets all upset b/c I said the f word in front of her 14 y/o son "hes in high school so its not like he doesnt curse when hes with his friends" any way she calls me a drunk and storms out of the house. she comes back like 15 min later and apologizes realizing she was the only person who really got upset. I dont think I have a drinking problem, I am very successful "I make very high 6 figures" and have never gotten in any trouble "no drinking and driving no bar fights ect...." however I do drink about 4-8 times a day, sometimes more if I go to vegas or something. anyway just wanted to get an outside opinion on whether I have a drinking problem, to me your an alcoholic when it interferes with your life and my life is great right now.	Additional Details @ robert s, Ive cussed in front of the kid b4 while sober. I dont consider it to be a bad decision and his dad didnt even care only his mom	
Poll: Alcohol, water or milk choose one				
How long before weed is 100% legal (like alcohol) in America				
Was president lincoln preserved in alcohol				
Is it okay to clean glass with isopropyl alcohol		I honestly dont know whether they would react together chemically on the molecular level, and I dont want a windshield full of tiny pits. Some of you have probably tried different mixtures of ordinary cleaners, or even unorthodox (but safe) chemicals or mixtures. Feel free to share hints and tips for cleaning off the gunk that builds up on the insides of windshields. In fact, feel free also to share things you tried that did _not_ work. Thanks in advance.	Additional Details The blue color of Windex and similar cleaners makes me think it would leave a thin blue film behind. While theres green alcohol, I was thinking of the clear 91% alcohol thats usually available in pharmacies. I wish teleportation were available so I could simply beam the gunk on the inside of the windshield and the windows away, but its not.	
Can you freeze cookie dough with alcohol in it		I have a cookie recipe that uses brandy in them. Will the cookie dough freeze like normal cookies? And will it change in texture or taste? And how about cookies will beer in them?		
How much alcohol should i inject to get the equiv. effect of 5 glases of wine		i cant drink , because it will smell no matter what i do im 115 lbs for severe social anxiety treatment		
What good mixed strong alcohol drinks are there		Hi. I like drinks like: * Cola and Captain Morgan * Irish Coffee * Whiskey I do not like wine or beer. What good drinks are there that you can make that are not very complicated nor expensive? Anything more with rum or vodka or what do you suggest?		
Do perfumes used by muslims contain alcohol 		or are they all alcohol-free John		
Paxil withdrawal and alcohol intolerance Help!		I have been on 10mg of paxil for about two months. I stopped taking paxil about a week ago. Saturday night, I drank a bottle of wine. I have always had a high alcohol tolerance and a bottle of wine would usually give me a pretty nice buzz. Well, Saturday, I felt as if I had drank a bottle of tequila. I started to feel bad, so I went home. As soon as a got home, it hit me like a ton of bricks. I could not take two steps without face planting into our tile. I currently have a pretty bruised up face because I literally could not walk. I finally made it to bed, and I felt a puddle underneath my face. Turns out, I had thrown up. I did not heave, or gag, or show any signs of throwing up. It came pouring out of my mouth like someone had turned on a water spout. As it was gushing out of my mouth, I practically crawled to the bathroom to toilet. I knew what I was wanting to tell my boyfriend, but my words where not coming out. At that point, I literally could not process my thoughts into words. I wanted to say something was wrong, and I should not be like this. Now, two days after the incident, I still feel like I have got run over. I have done a little bit of research, and this has happened to other people just getting off paxil. Unfortunately, there is not a lot of information on why. Also, Friday night I went to urinate, and my urine was brown. That was the only time that happened. I have not been able to eat fatty foods without getting a horrible stomach ache. Within the past month and a half, I have been getting broken capillaries all over my arms. I know a small bottle of moscato would not have given me that reaction normally. The only way that I have ever been in that state is after drinking a twelve pack of beer and a few shots. Can someone please give me insight on what is going on? I would also like to apologize for the format of this. I know it is all over the place, but my mind is not functioning like normal.	Additional Details Just so you know, I do not drink a twelve pack and shots EVER anymore. I used to when I was 18-19 and binge drinking and partying. Doing the typical college thing. I am now 22 and my classification of a good Friday/Saturday night is having a glass or two of wine. I said that too show the correlation between feeling like that in the past and the amount of alcohol consumed and how much I drank the other night and the amount of alcohol consumed. I said that to show the drastic differences and similarities between the two. I do not have a drinking problem, so please do not tell me I need help for a non-existent problem.	
What does Pork, Bacon, Ham, Alcohol and Haribos taste like		Muslim, so I wouldnt know. Just curious, not gonna actually taste it. Is Pork better tasting than Chicken, Lamb, cow, Turkey, etc? Does Alcohol taste better than Red Bull or Pepsi?	Additional Details What I mean by Alcohol is the popular ones like Lager, Beer, that Heinekan **** that spams adverts before every Champions League games, etc. LOL, Jack? Muslims can eat Chicken, Meat, Fish, Lamb, cow, etc. Just nothing from a pig	
Is it bad to drink moderate amounts of alcohol when young		Since I was 11 or 12, my parents have always let me have a little bit of wine at the dinner table. We live in Europe so this is normal. I was wondering, it damages your brain only if you drink in excess right? However, I am 15 now, and have begun on occasion (like 3-4 times a year) to get slightly drunk. I know this isnt the healthiest habit, but I do it very rarely and only for special occasions, is this okay?		
Is it legal to give your doctor alcohol as a christmas present		My familys pediatrician is a good family friend. He works in a medical clinic. I came in today as a walk-in and left a christmas bag with two bottles of wine in it with the secretary. I left a note stating it was from me.. my mother is convinced that our doctor will get in some sort of trouble because of this.. Is this really illegal?? Thanks in advance		
Could I take alcohol to Leeds Festival		Me and my friends are going but we wont be over 18, do you get it taken off you on the way in?		
Would putting alcohol in body midst make it stronger		Im like obsessed with the Victorias secret "pure seduction" body mist but I want it to be stronger/last longer. I want people to be able to smell me but it wears off in like ten minutes. Will putting rubbing alcohol in it makes it stronger/last longer.		
Will alcohol kill a yeast infection		will alcohol kill a yeast infection of the penis? i know it will burn beyond belief so dont bother saying but if i take some rubbing alcohol and apply it to the affected area will it go away?		
Could I have alcohol poisoning		Ok, so it came to my attention from a friend of mine last night that I could be suffering from alcohol poisoning. I normally dont drink excessively, and the only time I do drink is with friends. However, last October was my birthday and I did go on a month long bender. Instead of having one party, I felt like just celebrating all month. Which involved either going out and getting drunk, or staying in doors and get wasted there. I did drink a large amount of alcohol all those nights and some I did her sickWell after October, I tried drinking for during November when my friend and I were hanging out and the moment I started to drink, my stomach hurt and it tasted awful. So much so that I didnt want to finish my $16 margarita. I didnt think much of it, but it wasnt till New Years and when I started drinking I got really sick. It happens the moment I swallow anything with alcohol, it makes me feel like I want to vomit. It happened again last night, so could this be alcohol poisoning?		
Allergy to rubbing alcohol, am I allergic to alcohol then		I am highly allergic to rubbing alcohol, like I can not use the standard nail polish remover or use many hand sanitizers or soaps. Does this mean I am allergic to alcohol as well, like drinking alcohol? I cant seem to find an answer anywhere.		
Can a mix of alcohol and clonidine kill you		I am a female, 18, and I weigh 109.5 lbs. I take clonidine at night to get to sleep. Yes I know it is for lowering blood pressure. However I have chronic insomnia and it is the only thing me and my doctor have found that works for me. I was concerned about the possible consequences for drinking a lot before taking it? could it kill me? this really worries me. would I fall asleep and like never wake up?		
How many Americans rail against marijuana legalization while theyre impaired by alcohol				
Is marijuana or alcohol more addictive to people with addiction problems				
Was it the alcohol (Non stop throwing up)		So Sunday night I went to a restaurant. I ended up being allowed to have 2 cocktails ( I am NEVER allowed) most alcohol Ive ever had is a SIP Of wine and a sip of fruit cider, so this is a big deal for me. First cocktail was called " STRAWBERRY RED" "Strawberry liqueur & Malibu Red with lemon & cranberry juices, topped with lemonade" ( this is off their menu. It was very fruity, I djdnt think it was VERY strong not that I have experience but I dont think it was ) second one I was just asked "what next?" To drink so I thought jts not often Im allowed.. Well never So I chose another cocktail, which wasTEQUILA RASPBERRY SMASH" "Olmeca Blanco tequila, crushed mint with lime, sugar & framboise." This was stronger than the first one, there was quite a kick with this too. Ljke u could feel something in your throat at beginning so I was sipping it. It tasted nice though, wasnt that strong. By then its 10.40 ish pm, by the tjme I get home its 11pm. I was absolutely fine, didnt deel drunk or anythjnf ljke that ( dont think I was supposed to with two cocktails anyway) but yeah no effects whatsoever. Prob at 11.30pm I was a bit giddy at home but I think the excitement was more due to the fact Ive been allowed alcohol!! Today at college I was completely fine, felt absolutely the same as usual all Monday. Today I ate dinner around 9pm. Then after 10.30 ish crazy stomach pains. Thought maybe it was period pains as it was due. ( I do occasionally get cramps quite bad before periods) I went to the bathroom as I thought it was stomach ache/period pains and around 30 mins I was sick. And then another two times. 30 mins later go for a shower, was sick 4 times :(((( just keep throwing up. Had a nap, Then just now, threw up again. Its ljke 2am here now in the uk.. And so Ive been sick around 8 times in the past 3 hours!? Well just keep throwing up:( Im thinking is it the alcohol?! Could it have been.. But what doenst make sense as its been 24 hours since I drank!!	Additional Details I mean doesnt my body get RID of alcohol by a whole 24 hours!?? And Ive had no over symptoms.. I dont know why else I could throw up tho..Im a vegetarian so I had this Mexican bean burger at the restaurant.. So less likely to get food poisoning if I dont eat meat. Its a good restaurant anyway, doesnt have a bad rep for bad food so cant be that? By the way Im a 17 year old girl.. 18 in a few months. Like I said no experience before hand with alcohol other than a sip or two :/ id say I have a fairly slow metabolism, well definitely not a fast one because its easy for me to put on weight and hard to lose it :/ weight wise I dont know exaclty how much I weigh but Im 5ft 5 and a UK size 10/12 if that helps :/ Also when having the cocktails I was fine.. To be honest it djdnt even FEEL ljke I was drinking alcohol.. It just felt more ljke a mocktail to me.. But thafs prob because I had an expectation of alcohol to be very strong and it wont always be in a cocktail. I thought I took it quite well as well for my first tjme especially :/	
Why is there not plain packaging and warnings on alcohol and fast foods 		Our government has cracked down on smoking but what about alcohol and junk foods ??? The government use to promote smoking as a health benefit in so many ways ... Alcohol effects those surrounding those drinking a cigarette doesnt get violent and kill someone or drive erratically and kill someone ... Junk food well that causes obesity, heart disease and many health ailments and is a drain on our health system ... The government should start thinking a little more deeper into these things smokers pay a high tax on cigarettes and if the government put these taxes directly into the health system smokers would more than pay for it themselves the same cant be said for alcohol and junk food ...		
How does alcoholism effect a persons personality				
With alcoholism being a recognized disease am I right that the alcoholic does not choose alcoholism		and rather it is like if they had ADHD or Diabetes. I know the alcoholic has to get motivated to get help, but I am wondering if the notion of "that guy likes being a drunk" is wrong because the person is no more in control then if they had difficulty concentrating due to ADHD or needed medicine for diabetes.		
Wool putting alcohol in body must make it stronger		So Im like obsessed with the Victorias secret "pure seduction" body mist but I want it to be stronger/last longer. I want people to be able to smell me. Will this help. Like putting a bit of rubbing alcohol in it.		
Why is it illegal to drink alcohol in the US under 21		I just find this law weird. The US will gladly throw you a gun and say "Here, take this and go fight for our country." before theyll let you buy something as simple as alcohol. Now yeah I know maturity comes with age and all and sometimes the older the better but it still seems like an odd law. Why would it not be 18 like the age for pretty much everything else? When I was 16 (17 now by the way), I took a trip to Europe (accompanied by adults) with friends from school and while they were usually down in the hotel bar getting wasted out of their minds all night, I had like one light drink and then went off to sleep. Literally, some of them were so drunk they could barely walk and yet here I was sober and not influenced by them one bit. Besides this, even people 21 and over make bad decisions with this stuff so why isnt drinking age based more on maturity and less on just age? Or just why isnt the age 18 like for cigarettes and gambling? Im not planning on breaking drinking laws here or anything im just a little curious.		
HOW TO FERMENT FRUIT WITH OUT ALCOHOL		How can I ferment fruit without the fruit changing to alcohol? And how long does it take to ferment?		
A condensation reaction between an acid and an alcohol generates what type of bond		Organic chemistry question.		
What is an example reaction of an alcohol acting as a base		Alcohols are mildly amphoteric, correct? I can find loads of examples of alcohols acting as acids, but none acting as bases. Any examples, please?		
What is the best alcohol to mix with Gatorade		My Dad makes me play Basketball on the weekends because he used to play at my age and was good but I hate it. What is a good alcohol to mix with Gatorade so I can get drunk before and during the game?		
Alcoholics/Former Alcoholics: Am I drinking too much		To those who have struggled with alcoholism like myself: I am an artist that lives in L.A. - Everyone I know around me constantly does drugs and drinks, so I could claim its a social thing, but its not. I know its a choice. I drink daily, and went a while without drinking (4 months). Back story, I used to drink a half liter daily, 2 1/2 years ago, and then stopped drinking anything for the next 4 months. The next whole year, I drank on holidays and on special occasions. But I am now am back to drinking every night because of stress and work. I dont drink in the day anymore, but every night for about the past 4 months (October) have had an average of 4 to 5 standard drinks. I also run 5 miles a day and eat as healthy as can be. I know that is not normal for the average person (which is 1-2), but am I drinking enough to destroy my body? I feel I am drinking about 3/4 of a pint a night. To me, it doesnt feel like a lot, but is that a lot for an alcoholic? Please no ignorant answers. age:25 height: 60 weight: 175	Additional Details Im speaking, liver damage-wise. not how much I can have to recover.	
Whats the alcohol percentage in TGI fridays mudslide bacardi mix				
Is alcohol really the most physically destructive psychoactive drug		for me, it just calms my nerves, makes me love and forgive, and forget my problems, and makes me numb sometimes.... as if its a gift from god, and i dont think its bad as long as you use it in moderation		
My blood pressure reduces to normal from high after a glass of alcohol so does this mean alcohol is healthy		f youre going to answer no, please be as to the point as poss, dont list all the harmful effects of booze!		
Can you get someone to buy cooking alcohol for you if you cant prove youre of legal drinking age		Im 21 years old, but Im a little curious as to what that means for me, as I dont have an ID. I like to cook with alcohol, like wine, sake, beer, etcetera (my favorite recipe is a karaage recipe I found online a long time ago). I would like to get a friend to buy me this alcohol, because as of right now I dont have the money to get another ID, but I want to know how legal this is. I am 21, but I cant get an ID for a few months because of some weird name-change legalities.	Additional Details ...*over 21. Im actually 27.	
Wouldn`t it be sad if it could be proven that alcohol plays an important part in U.S. foreign policy decisions		Some people like to deny the fact that the fat cats drink like Kings and Queens with no recourse.		
How would you feel if Saudi females where caught drinking alcohol in a muslim country		Just shows, some Saudi females dont give a damn, they would even drink alcohol in another Muslim country. I thought these woman where oppressed, sounds like nonsense to me. http://www.thenational.ae/uae/courts/fem?	Additional Details @H - The bbc news is written by westerners :)), there is no weight in that article, But I was ashamed by these SAUDI girls they degraded Muslims, I wander when they consumed alcohol, were their hijabs on or off? No wander Saudi woman can not be trusted, they cant drive in case they drive to the liquor store hahaha, sorry bad joke! @H - You always here some Saudi woman did this and that, so does it really matter. I was totally shocked, because I have never heard of Saudi woman drinking before, maybe they feel like a drink coming to the UAE.	
Which Airline Does NOT Serve Alcohol				
Calculate the volume of alcohol that must be added to one liter of cola to get a drink containing 10% alcohol.		Studying for my lab calc exam and this seems like a really simple question comparing to other ones I have but I just cannot got it -.- I Know that the answer is 111ml but Id like to know how it is calculated in case of different numbers. Thanks <SEMCOL>D		
Why do we need hydrogen to oxidise an alcohol		we use H+/CrO7(-2 ion) and it reduces to Cr3+. to show a colour change from orange to green. But i DONT understand why it becomes Cr3+ and why theres a hydrogen infront of the potssium dichromate. Is it because its acidified potassium dichromate? like why wont a tertiary alcohol oxidise with potassium dichromate? Grrrrrrr...		
Drug and Alcohol Evaluation		What happens if the outcome of your drug and alcohol evaluation shows that you need counseling, etc.? I got a DUI two years ago, and have just completed this. It was my first offense, and I CANNOT afford to do anything further! I just need to get my license back and get a JOB! Dont want to be hindered by anymore set backs. What can I expect if I fail this stupid S___?		
Are things like drawing, music, alcohol and pork un-chrislamic		Yes, I said un-chrislamic.		
Is is dangerous to smoke alcohol		Ive just watched a video on face book where they presurize alcohol then inhale it would it work and would it be more dangerous than drinking it link to the video: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?v=605807772826326		
How to remove isopropyl alcohol stain from plastic of my watch		Ok I really wanted to clean the inside of my watch because it was really dusty. So I started with using isopropyl alcohol and It was the biggest mistake! now it left some ugly *** white foggy stain that seems cant be remove. I tried soaking the plastic with water and handwash soap, and somehow Its still there. Is there any solution of removing this white foggy thing from the plastic and possibly scratch less? Because of this, I cant use my watch.. Cant see **** because of this.. Please help anyone?		
Alcohol on an airplane		Im going to Germany this summer and Im 18, so I can buy alcohol over there. Im wanting to take some back to America with me, and Im wondering if Im able to put a bottle of say, 100 proof in my suitcase, and maybe some beer. Does the German airport have an issue with that, Ive never flown before.		
I drink a six pack of 16 ouncers 5.8% alcohol every day for the past 6 months. Im scared and my liver hurts		Ive continued this insane regiment to avoid with drawls im 50 and have a wife and 3 girls they are aware i have a few beers but no idea its come to this, i work 6 days aweek here at my house Im an exterior designer and do most of my drawings from home.. Ive done this so long now ,the drinking, I feel like im killing myself and dont know if it is safe to just stop, and will i be able to continue working because i do have a family to support . Can a good liver cleansing help me now or is it too late , Please help me Todd		
How much grape juice does it take to fail a drug test for alcohol				
Alcohol at 15 with friend		I went round a friends house the other day, btw i am 15 female. He had a beer and offered me a Cider. Were 15 and he has been having alcohol since he was 14, not every day though maybe not even once a week but he can have one when he wants. I trust him not to drink everyday accessivly. Is there anything wrong with this?		
Alcohol cakes for boyfriend bday		Hi my boyfriend is turning 22 and wanted to do something different for his cake someone told me about alcohol cakes ... however I dont know where i would get one from. does anyone know where i would be able to purchase one at .		
Why do we drink more alcohol at Christmas then other times of the year				
Can I be arrested for underage possession of alcohol on private property in ohio		I am 18 years old. I was recently charged with underage possession of alcohol because I had a party at my house while my parents were out of town and the police were called. The police were given permission by my mom(over the phone from Chicago) to search my basement and found cases of beer, open beer cans, and cups of beer. I was then charged with possession of alcohol. They could not prove I was drunk so I wasnt charged with consumption, and I was never seen actually holding any alcohol on my person. Can I actually be charged for possession because it was in my house? This is in ohio btw		
Is alcohol related violence worse now compared to past decades or is it just covered more by the media..				
Alcohol and anti depressants		Hi there, I am a female 15. I have depression, OCD, psychotic behaviour, recovered anorexic. My parents used to let me drink but since Ive discharged myself from an inpatient hospital to help me out they havent let me drink, I am aware of the risks of drinking with depression especially being on 20mg of fluoxetine but my mum is considering letting me start drinking small amounts again. Here comes the big dangerous question and I just need an answer not a lecture, please. I want to get drunk.. I know its dangerous but that is what I want, My mum never lets me alone except on a night, I have no friends and rarely leave the house, I live far away from any shops and its not like I could sneak downstairs and steal some of my parents because there always watching me, I know its stupid but please answer		
My mom found a bottle of alcohol in my room and she wants to know where I got it. What should I say		I got the bottle from my dad. He is ok with me drinking. He said that he would rather buy it for me than me stealing or using a fake ID to get it. The complicated thing is that my parents are divorced and my mom already hates my dad. If she found about about this she wouldnt let me see him anymore. My mom is demanding for me to tell her where I got the bottle of alcohol. What should I say? I cant tell her that my dad bought it for me!	Additional Details Im 17	
What is the best way to sneak alcohol into a place where they dont have any		There are lots of places that I have been going to recently that dont have anything that I like to drink for sale. Whats the best way to get what I want in? Usually, I like a margarita.		
Whats the best Wine for the first time drinking Alcohol		Im 17, and its legal to drink in my country at this age. [Only that they raised the law to 18 at the January 1st 2014] But I am a ver classic girl and I like everything from the 14th/15th Century. I have never drunken alcohol before so I want the first I drink alcohol to be wine. Because wine is classic and it looks appealing. My question is what is the best choice of wine is for when you drink for the first time in your entire life. For people willing to help me, I need a brand a red wine preferly. Or a kind, I dont know. My only wishes are that it is a red wine.		
Oxidation of alcohols and aldehydes Please help, urgent!		So in my text book and what I was taught from class, when you oxidise an alcohol or aldehyde, water is made. For example, this is shown in the textbook: CH3CH2OH + [O] --> CH3CHO + H2O However in one part of the textbook, its talking specifically about potassium dichromate oxidising the alcohols and aldehydes. It gives the half equations for the oxidation of ethanal: CH3CHO + H2O --> CH3COOH + 2H+ + 2e- (oxidation) Cr2O72- + 14H+ + 6e- --> 2Cr3+ + 7H2O (reduction) So how come in the oxidation half equation, water is a reactant instead of a product like in the first example? Ahh I have a practical tomorrow about it :/ Please explain!		
Can i use alcohol to,clean it out				
Official name for someone who collects Urine samples for drug test and alcohol		Hello all, I was sitting at my pc and thinking.. that might be an interesting job. I am however having trouble figuring out what the official title is for someone who does the above duty. Im thinking of basically the person who collects your urine samples for drug/alcohol may it be for a job or even someone on probation, thanks.		
Is Whiskey what kind of alcohol...		Beer, wine or what?		
Do you drink alcohol during the week		Or do you save it for the weekend?	Additional Details Im drinking Fireball Whiskey atm (8	
Why do people with addictions use drugs/alcohol more at Christmas time then other times of the year				
Why do alcoholics deny they have a problem often		Do they truly not know they are an alcoholic even if everyone is telling them they are?		
Poll ::: Do you like drinking alcohol or not		I dont even understand why they drink alcohol...there are much better choices like Ice coffee, milk, juice, milkshake in my opinion.		
Why is drinking lots of alcohol bad for health		From a scientific point if view? 2. Is there any alcohol which is good for health? Drink more, more healthy!		
My mum is an alcoholic! am I deppresed because of it		Ok well it started at the beginning of 2013(half way threw February) we had moved to a new flat and my mum had been clean from alcohol for 2 years in February 2013 (she has been an alcoholic since 17years old now 42 year of age) so as I was saying we moved to a new flat and Id just been told to go kill myself by this boy I thought I was in love with because my feelings felt the same as the guy before him, this made me very sad, after being in the flat for about 2 months( april) someone I use to be close with moved two doors down from me (tommy) my mum then got a boyfriend and they where doing really well I left school Im my but shortly after that I started getting bullied again as Id been bullied all threw my school life and they started with small stuff calling me fat and ugly considering Im a size 8 and have been for about 2 years, and then ig got worse and worse I didnt know how to cope so I went to tommy he is a year below me he said it will all blow over so it got to about august time and Id just turnt 16 and they started to actually punch me and the day of my birthday end of august I got strangled so I hit this girl to get her off me and felt terrible so I went to her house and said sorry and then it got even worse I blocked them all from my phone as I got horrid calls and death threats over txt and fb I just blocked them out of my life then they found my address so I started to lock myself away then I found out my mate tommy had feeling for me and I really liked him he got me to go ut one day with him and my mate ash she was telling the bullies to go away! Tommy and ash started flirting so I got them together this made me even more down my family started rowing then the family started hating me by the first week of september my mum broke up with her boyfriend and took an over dose and I went to see her at hospital as Im the only child left at home and she told me It was my fault so I started to self harm the day before tommy asked me out I said yes! Th		
Help.. My fiance is an alcoholic		he recently found out that he is an alcoholic and he wants to try to detox himself.. Is there any way for him to do that.. He said that he saw somewhere in order to take an addiction you need to start a new one so he went back to smoking.. Is this correct or incorrect? Im thinking that is incorrect because he has already been through smoking cigarettes a few times and he so much better off without it.. But please someone tell me some way for him to help himself back off of alcohol		
Could alcohol cause a UTI		I got very drunk for the first time ever..I threw up and dont remember most of the night. The next day, it burned when I peed and hurt for a couple of hours but I drank a lot of water and it went away. Over the course of a week, this pain gradually got worse and worse. I drank a lot of cranberry juice and water, and took AZO, but it didnt go away. When I woke up one morning, it was the wrost pain Id felt in my entire life and I went to the ER, where they said it was just a bad bacterial infection and prescribed antibiotics and pain killers. It went away with the antibiotic. Now, I have resolved not to drink anymore- the pain was the worst I have ever experienced in my life. The question: Was it the alcohol that caused this, or was it just a coincidence? *i have not had sex in months so I know it is not from sex*		
Question about pain medicine and alcohol		Ive been taking tramadol for arthritis pain in my back. I take a 50mg pill every 4 hours, usually two times per day. If I skip it for a day, can I drink alcohol that day where I didnt take any tramadol? Or will I still get sick?		
Do I need a stainless steel pot or skillet to cook alcohol on the stovetop		Most of my pots and pans are basically non-stick with Silicone handles. And I have a cast-iron skillet. But will I need to buy stainless pots and pans for cooking with alcoholic beverages like bourbon or wine? I want to try making stuff like bananas foster, red pasta sauce(I believe Bolognese or Marinara), and even eggnog.		
Can I bring alcohol in CHECKED luggage if underage		All I want to do is bring a bottle of Pisco from Peru. Just one bottle! Im 20 and I was wondering realistically speaking what are my chances of being caught for just one lousy bottle of alcohol?		
Alcohol-drinking question		I do not drink, I have only tried beer and vodka. but a new friend of mine loves to drink and wants to have one with me when he visits and I would like to try it out. Are their any good drinks I can try out that have a decent taste and wont be too strong? any wine recommendations?		
Alcohol Tolerances: Disscussion with friends		Alright, I have had this discussion with my friends for the past 2 years in college and my new roommate doesnt think I am telling the truth here. I have an pretty good tolerance to alcohol, I do not brag about it but when asked I lay down the law, I drink heavy but I would never consider having been drunk, ever. I am 20 years old, about to be 21, and since I was 14 I have been drinking, lightly might I add, out of my parents liquor cabinet. You should be able to assume that means I take a little out of each bottle, and I am talking about 10-15 different liquors, darks and lights. For 6 years I have been mixing lights and darks together, I know people consider it dangerous, but realize I would only drank about 3oz when I was young, now about 5-6oz since they never noticed, and I know they do not know about my drinking at all. (Mainly adding this info because I know people will answer this with smart-*** remarks about age of drinking...ect...ect...but this question does not pertain to the case.) So to get to the main part, my roommate claims I am a liar. I assure you I am not. He bet me that we drink the same amount all night in the dorm and I can tell you right now he is passed out on the couch next to me, lolz. I have had about 8oz of Woodford Reserve Whiskey within one minute, about 20 minutes later still can walk a straight line. Hour later can still walk a straight line, toe to heel by the way. How would you consider my tolerance? I weigh 155lbs, 510", and ate a normal sized dinner around 5pm and had a bowl of ramen noodles an hour before I started drinking, around 9pm, it is 10:30pm now. (would have posted earlier but laptop froze up) I drink my liquor straight, now chasers. Your opinion?		
What test shows alcohol in your system		I quit drinking October 8th, 2013 but I wanted to see if there was some sort of blood test, or some sort of test that can show the exact date of when I quit. Like I said I remember exactly when I quit but I just wanted it on a document from a doctor. That way when a year or something comes around I can hang it on my wall in a frame. SOBRIETY. Please only serious answers. I am curious. Thanks		
Do you abuse alcohol or do you treat it with the respect it deserves				
How do i get drunk without consuming alcohol		i am bored af and i need something to do. i really dont care if you have tips to the above question but give me something to do... thanks a bunch! btw im a girl, the only reason im specifying is because when i read peoples questions on here, i always wonder the gender because the outcome of the answers i come up with usually pertain to only one sex.		
How to know if its vodka or rubbing alcohol		my friends gave me a bottle of grey goose, i just drank a whole glass and it was nasty really nasty. i took the bottle and it smells too strong not like any other vodkas ive tasted before. so now i need to know if they played a prank on me so i can call the doctor, or im just being insecure?		
Am I an alcoholic or what.		Ok so, I am 20 years old and am in college and work full time to pay for that and other bills. I dont drink because I like the taste of beer<SEMCOL> I drink because I like to get the buzz. I drink alone when I dont have anything to do, but I also could stop drinking right now got as long as I want. I dont "need" it, I just enjoy it. So my question is<SEMCOL> am I an alcoholic? Again, I dont NEED alcohol. But I do enjoy having it. Even want to get away from things when I do have it just to drink. (Like get away from downstairs with the parents) Doesnt affect my school or work life at all. Opinions please		
Which is best to use in wax sculpting: a candle, alcohol lamp or alcohol torch Why			Additional Details Pics of: alcohol torch http://www.sculptclayandtools.com/Produc? alcohol lamp http://www.bostick-sullivan.com/cart/ima? @P: Sorry for being unclear. I actually meant which of these heat sources would you use to soften the wax and/or heat the sculpting/carving tools.	
How often do you engage in the consumption of alcohol				
Can alcohol help you get through some insomnia				
At what age did you start drinking alcohol				
My LFT report: Bilirubin-.9, SGPT-65,SGOT-48,, can I take alcohol once a weak				
Why dont black women talk about being addicted to crack, pills, alcohol, gambling		All i read and see are complaints about black men,not getting married, being cheated on, not married, kids out of wedlock, abuse from men! arent there other things to talk about like women going to treatment centers for drug addiction and changing their life for the better do people still do drugs i never hear about this anymore? im tired of hearing about black women and their relationship problems! where are the black women who have other problems to deal with other than black men?		
Legal Marijuana or Alcohol: What is more Dangerous		Generally speaking. Also are you democrat or republican?		
Can alcohol be consumed while taking a Pancef Antibiotic	George			
Which Alcoholic drink taste Sweet 		Well I have not yet tried out many alcoholic beverages , but as far as I know all of the ones that I tried arent sweet . I want to have something which tastes sweet , There should be something . A friend of mine told me that Rum is tastes sweet , well is it ?		
Do you think Alcohol drinking and Beer will be allowed in Qatar FIFA Finals				
Is it true that if you do cocaine while drinking alcohol it will stay in your system even longer		Even if its just one line?		
What is the cheapest way to get drunk/dizzy in Sweden Which drink/alcohol is the cheapest per liter				
Whats the uses of alcohol as a fuel and how does it help to reduce global warming		my chemistry teacher has given me a question and ive got to write a 1000 words about it:/ question is "investigate the use of alcohol as a fuel and how does this help to reduce global warming?" im going to speak about ethanol? but not really sure what else to include? im only fourth year so nothing too complicated please and if anyone could recommend any website that would be great!!		
Is alcohol or marijuana more dangerous				
Is it more common for one to be addicted to alcohol or drugs				
How do people successfully get through to an alcoholic to guide them to getting help				
How much alcohol does a person drink per day for them to be an alcoholic				
What is the most commonly abused form of alcohol		I would guess beer but I am wondering if someone knows the stats.		
Alcohol more addicting than cigarettes		I have smoked a pack a day for a month then quit cold turkey without even missing them, but whenever I drink alcohol, I cant seem to stop drinking. I thought that nicotine is more addicting than alcohol.		
Alcohol drinking and Mixing.		Hi Im 54 and 115 pounds I drank around 3 shots of brandy 40% and got pretty drunk that was 2 hours ago Im not really drunk anymore. is it ok to drink some henikan (beer) now or is drinking it 2 hours later? Or is 2 hours still to little to drink beer after liquor?		
If you drink alcohol why triglycerides increases				
How should I write an essay on "Why I will say NO to Alcohol and Drugs"		I have personal experience with the effects of alcohol and drug abuse. My dad died of a drug overdose in 2011, and it ripped my family apart. My mom remarried a former alcoholic, but he became sober after joining Al-Anon. I, of course, have many feelings on the subject, and want this essay to be astounding. It is for a contest, and I know with the ideas I have, I could win. But, I also know that putting your feelings on paper is very difficult. Thank you for your time!		
Why am i a alcoholic		My hands shake when i drink cuz i know once i start i cant stop and i vomit 8.hpurs		
Does Bill Cosby drink alcohol				
Is drinking (alcohol) while eating really bad		does anybody know what are the effects of this? or is it alright?		
Why dont liberals push for alcohol control like they do for gun control		More people die per year due to alcohol than due to guns. Just wondering.		
Can alcohol damage your brain permanently		Can alcohol at 4.6% permanently destroy the brain cells of someone who has not yet finished developing? If taken in extremely small amounts (less than 100ml) can it damage the health of a person 14-16?	Additional Details This is for a Health Project so please do include references and links.	
Can I drink alcohol after getting my wisdom teeth removed		I got all 4 teeth pulled out at 8 am monday. Unfortunately, this weekend is my best friends 21st birthday, and I was hoping to be able to drink. Is 5 or 6 days enough time?		
What proof of alcohol do Japanese restaurants like Wasabi light on fire		You know the alcohol that they light on fire at those Japanese grills? What proof is it?		
Can a minor serve alcohol in their parents restaurant		My mother owns a restaurant. The legal age to serve alcohol in open containers is 19. However, the law also says you may handle, consume, etc alcohol with parental supervision. Could I serve alcohol to tables if my mother watched me carry it there?		
If I am under the influence of alcohol and need to evacuate for a fire can I be charged		Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.		
How much alcohol for a party		Im going to a party in about a week, well its not much of a party just a sleep over with about 5-10 people and I was asked to supply alcohol for it. But te thing is I dont know how much to bring, I know ill probably bring wine and bourbon and maybe a few beers if I have any, but how much? For about 7 average young girls? I dont have any vodka or anything like that so just wine beer and bourbon. Also we dont want to get absolutely hammered, just a bit drunk. And please dont say it depends on the person and stuff, I know that, thats why Im asking for averages, I know how much it takes for me but not them.		
Is it possible to get tipsy from alcohol in food when taking Tegretol		I take tegretol and keppra for epilepsy, last year i had a christmas pudding and felt awful after, just like i was drunk then last night I had a meal which i was unaware until after taking a good few mouthfulls that it contained whisky, once again i felt tipsy, dizzy etc etc, this morning i feel soooo tired.... thing is i thought alcohol in food cooked out? I never drink alcohol because of my epilepsy normally.		
If Im taking topiramax can I drink alcohol		My psychiatrist prescribed me topiramax for bipolar and my birthday is coming up so I wanted to know is it ok if I drink? its my 21st Ive drank before Im not a light weight but Im just nervous with the new meds am I going to get sick or drunk more quickly or what? I just wanna know so I can have a good time instead of worrying... please help. Thank you.		
Going to drink alcohol for the first time. $40. What would you recommend I drink		My life is pretty bad right now. I really need something to help me deal with my depression or else I am probably going to end up committing suicide. What would you recommend I start out with? I dont care about the taste, I just want something that gets me buzzed to the point where I dont care anymore, but not drunk, and it lasts a long time.		
If alcohol is the cheapest form of calories, why are people appalled when the homeless/poor abuse substances			Additional Details Alcohol is the cheapest form of ready-to-eat shelf-stable calories in America Animal fat and even rendered lard from animal fat needs to be refrigerated Republicans claim that people who have a refrigerator or a microwave, are not poor	
Best cheapest alcohol for getting you drunk		nothing fancy, just something to get you drunk and doesnt cost much and can be found in stores like kroger or 7 eleven. any recommendations?		
If Ibrush my teeth within an hour of eating or drinking coffee or alcohol will it rub that substance in				
When is water produced when oxidising alcohols		When is water produced in the following reactions : Oxidizing the three classified alcohols ( Primary, secondary and tertiary) alcohols AND the oxidising reaction of Formaldehyde.		
Question about pain medicine and alcohol		Ive been taking tramadol for some mnor arthritis pain in my back. I take a 50mg pill every 6 hours, usually two times per day. The last time I took it was yesterday which was Wednesday. If I skip today (Thursday), would I be okay to go out with some friends tomorrow (Friday) night or Saturday night for a few drinks? The last pill I took was Wednesday evening around 6PM. I would not take the pill again till the day after I "go out." Thanks!		
Which do you think is smarter, having concealed guns mixed with alcohol in bars, or in Starbucks where....		...at least 3 guns have gone off accidentally, shooting other customers?		
6900mg seroquel x alcohol x mercyndol + anti spewing pills : problem solved		Dont give me none of that dont do it crap N none of that attention seeking **** if i wanted attention id b asking friends n fam, you dont know my position n if it was legal u would find i qaulify for a legal death, if your just gonna winge find an emo forum or keep yah mouth shut straight answers only, down to the nitty gritty will it kill me ?		
Support alcohol or weed  and why 		Ok i just want to know how many of you support alcohol and how many weed ? Please answer ,because i am doing a research :D thank you ! :) https://s.yimg.com/hd/answers/i/bdd0bc05a88f445faa96b74385a84403_A.jpeg?a=answers&mr=0&x=1392224304&s=68e5fd7be76da34670850e504d4b3372		
Metronidazole kidney disease alcohol effects		So if you have minor kidney disease, will it take longer to filter out the antibiotic? and so would you have to prolong how long it was before you drank alcohol? and how long would that be? (im worried that i do because i had protein in my urine which is being followed up..) Im an otherwise healthy 17 yr old I stopped taking the antibiotics thursday night and want to go out saturday		
Why is marijuana use so frowned upon yet alcohol use is just fine				
How do lactic acid fermintation and alcoholic fermentation differ				
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.		1 The rods and cones in the eye transmit light and __________. Images Color Reflections Motions 2 True or False: You may exceed the speed limit when passing another vehicle. True False 3 To obtain a disabled parking placard you must have: Proof of eligibility Proof of impairment Proof of inconvenience Proof of disability 4 The body naturally relaxes between 12:00-1:00 a.m. and 4:00-5:00 a.m. This is referred to as our ___________________. Circadian rhythm REM cycle Celestial pattern Sleep schedule 5 Over-the-counter drugs ______________________. Usually dont have warning labels or dosage information Cant affect your driving behaviors and may be purchased without a doctors prescription Dont have potentially dangerous side effects and must have a doctors recommendation May be obtained without the knowledge of a physician and may have potential dangerous side effects regarding driving 6 Generally, children under __________ and about 1 year of age should ride in a safety seat secured to the back seat, facing the rear of the vehicle. 40 pounds 50 pounds 30 pounds 20 pounds 7 Alcohol first affects the area of the brain that controls _________. Our senses Sadness Anger Decision-making 8 In the State of Florida your first conviction for DUI can result in your vehicle being impounded for ______. 15 days 20 days 10 days 5 days 9 Unless otherwise posted, in Florida, the speed limit for most municipal areas is __________. 30 mph 45 mph 40 mph 25 mph 10 Which Florida law requires owners and operators of motor vehicles to be financially responsible for damages and/or injuries they may cause to others when a motor vehicle crash happens? Responsible Driver Law No-Fault Law Collision Protection Law Financial Responsibility Law 11 At a four-way stop, if two cars arrive at the intersection at the same time: The smaller car has the right of way The vehicle on the right yields to the vehicle on the left The larger car has the right of way The vehicle on the left yields to the vehicle on the right 12 Leaking purple fluid indicates that you should check your: Coolant Transmission fluid Power steering fluid Air conditioner 13 True or False: A low BAL will always cause a hangover. True False 14 How many days does a driver have to request a formal or informal review of the suspension? 30 days after the date of issuance 14 days after the date of issuance 10 days after the date of issuance 2 days after the date of issuance 15 If your vehicle leaves the pavement for any reason, remember to take your foot off the gas pedal, hold the wheel firmly, and_______________. Steer in a straight line Shift into a low gear Pump the brakes Swerve back into the traffic lane 16 A __________ painted curb designates an area where there is no stopping, parking, loading, or standing. White Red Yellow Green 17 Vision can be affected by drugs and alcohol making __________ especially difficult to distinguish. Lights Colors Distance Shapes 18 Excretion rates of drugs vary greatly depending upon__________________. The type of drug and length of time since it was ingested How much of the drug was taken The type of drug involved and medical condition of the person The age and weight of the person 19 You will need to renew your disabled parking placard every ____ years. Four Five Eight Two 20 Many mixed drinks (Long Island Iced Tea, margaritas, etc.) have increased amounts of_______________ and one of these drinks may equal two, three, or more of a standard drink. The combination can decrease the perception of the driver. Caffeine Proteins Alcohol Calories 21 Addictions may _______________ friends and family. Alienate Please Help Bring together 22 Within __________ minutes after a drink is consumed, all of the alcoholic content has probably been absorbed into the body. 90-100 20-60 10 to 20 60-90 23 True or False: The body often naturally seeks rest in the afternoon, between 1:00-4:00 p.m. True False 24 Dealta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is __________ major psychoactive constituent. Cocaines Speeds Marijuanas LSDs 25 Drowsiness affects your senses, especially your __________. Sense of smell Vision Sense of taste Hearing 26 _________________ of licensed teen drivers who use drugs regularly report they ??drug and drive." Almost 25% Less than half Less than 25% Almost 70% 27 Being tired has very similar effects on the body as ____________. Inexperience Pain killers Old age Alcohol		
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.		28 If you observe an impaired driver, a safe behavior for you would be ____________. To pull beside the impaired driver and motion for him to pull over so you can offer to help him To increase the amount of space between you and the other vehicle and allow the impaired driver to proceed in front of you To pass that car as quickly as possible to get away from it To follow the vehicle 29 If you see an emergency vehicle approaching either from the front or rear you should: Pull over to the curb and stop Let the vehicle pass then match their speed Speed up and out run the emergency vehicle Stop right where you are 30 True or False: Since 1999, Florida has seen a decrease in the number of motorcyclists killed and injured. True False 31 With some exceptions, epidemiological studies indicate the presence of THC in roughly __________ of drivers injured or killed in traffic collisions. 8-20% 15-31% 1-7% 4-12% 32 True or False: If you refuse to submit to a breath, urine, or blood test, it is admissible as evidence in DUI criminal proceedings in Florida. True False 33 Using __________ as a mixer with alcohol speeds up the absorption of alcohol. Juice Water Soft drinks Anything 34 When you approach an empty parking space, _________________. Turn off the radio Shift to neutral Roll down your window Signal your intentions 35 If you make a false statement or commit a forgery about your motor vehicle insurance you can be guilty of a ________ degree misdemeanor. Fourth First Third Second 36 True or False: Drunk drivers kill two to four times more people than aggressive drivers. True False 37 Florida law requires every child, __________ years of age or younger, use a crash-tested, federally approved child restraint device. 8 6 5 7		
Help me with my Drug And Alcohol test.		38 You are not allowed to park within _____ feet of an intersection. 20 10 5 15 39 If your BAL is .10, you can expect a __________ drop in complex performance compared to the sober level. 13% 24% 36% 17% 40 True or False: Under the Financial Responsibility Law, you are required to have insurance on any motor vehicle you own or drive, except motorcycles True False		
Why do people drink alcohol if it tastes bad		Whenever Im out to dinner, my parents order wine or beer. Sometimes a mixed drink if they see something good on the menu. They let me have a sip (Im 16. I dont drink. Sometimes my parents will let me have a little because Im in a safe environment) and I eagerly take a sip because it makes me feel "cool" which is really shitty, I know. But I dont hang out with people who drink. I smile and say "yum" when in reality it tastes like battery acid. My dad is sitting across from me drinking straight vodka. I tried a sip. Ive had vodka before and thats usually my alcohol of choice (thats me trying to sound cool. Ive had it like 5 times and each time is the equivalent of 2 sips. One time I had part of a gimlet but my mom made me stop because she didnt want me to get sick). My brother was making him really mad before, so maybe theres a reason? I asked him if it tastes good and he said no. My grandfather was drinking gin one night at dinner. He told me: "it tastes like battery acid." So why do people drink it? Im excluding teenagers because a lot of people drink cheap beer to get drunk.		
Can you test for alcohol the next day (Approx 24hrs)		My nephew recently came home from his fathers house saying he was being given alcohol before bed at night. Im wondering if when he gets home the next Sunday and we take him to the hospital can they do any test to see if there is anything in his system? He goes again very soon so quick answers would be appreciated.		
What role does alcohol play in a fraternity or sorority 				
I really want to kill myself. I want to use pills with some alcohol. Any suggestions		I know you will try to stop me, but I have a bad life. My mom told me I was a stupid ***** that was the worst daughter ever. My sisters both hate my guts and my older brother says Ive turned into a monster. I havent totally made my mind, but I would like to know, okay? I know that everyone always says how selfish it is to kill yourself, but is it more selfish than forcing someone to live in misery?	Additional Details I have seen a doc about this and Im on Lexapro.	
CHRISTIANS: What can you say about people who drink alcohol and do drugs 				
When someone is an alcoholic do they usually have another underlining mental illness as well				
Why is alcoholism considered a family disease				
Why are drugs referred as high, and alcohol is referred as "drunk		Are all drugs referred as a high? On intervention I hear that term being used for all drugs except alcohol. Alcohol is referred as drunk even tho it is a drug. Why is this?	Additional Details I am asking about origins of this.	
Shots vs Coke and Alcohol		I wana get drunk tonight Im 54 115, Ive done 3 shots to get tippsy in the past but how much would it take if I mixed it with coke how many cups? Also I would put in the cup a whole shot glass. Reason Im doing this is because I cant stand the whisky taste in shots I do it but just eww. This time btw Im drinking REMY MARTIN XO 40% alc. Thanks for the help! Please no comment calling me ignorant or what ever this is not something I Do everyday.		
What does 40% alcohol by volume mean		If i have a bottle of vodka thats 40% by volume does that mean 40% of the liquid in the bottle is alcohol? So if i had a 10 ounce glass and filled it completely full with the vodka (no mixer) does this mean there is 4 ounces of alcohol in the 10 ounces of liquid?	Additional Details Ok so what if i take 1 straight shot of the vodka? How comparable would the alcohol in that one shot be to a can of beer? a shot of 40% is 1.5 ounces of liquid. Of that liquid only 4/10 is alcohol? So that would only make a shot .6 ounces of alcohol in the shot.	
Good juices/sodas to mix with high proof alcohol (Bacardi 151)				
Is drinking alcohol considered a sin		Drinking alcohol is considered a sin in Islam. Consuming alcohol is listed as one of the major sins<SEMCOL> one of the greatest sins for which eternal punishment is promised. The Qur?an lays down the law and says: ?O? you who have faith! Indeed wine, gambling, idols and the divining arrows are abominations of Satan?s doing, so avoid them, so that you may be felicitous. Indeed Satan seeks to cast enmity and hatred among you through wine and gambling, and to hinder you from the remembrance of Allah and from prayer. Will you, then, relinquish??? (5:90-91). This verse clearly prohibits the consumption of alcohol. In it there are ten forms of emphasis: First, the verse addresses the believers. This means that faith and drinking alcohol are incongruent. A person who drinks alcohol is not a believer and a believer does not drink alcohol. Second, Alcohol is mentioned next to clear instances of prohibitions, such as gambling and idol-worship. Third, the term abomination is used to describe alcohol. Fourth, drinking alcohol is introduced as a satanic activity. Fifth, the phrase ?so avoid them? is clearly stating to refrain from drinking alcohol. Sixth, the phrase ?so that you may be felicitous? shows that one will be successful if he refrains from drinking alcohol. Seventh, Satan wants to create enmity amongst mankind through alcohol. The tools of Satan must surely be prohibited. Eighth, the phrase ?to hinder you from the remembrance of Allah,? is another emphasis of our claim. Whatever causes one to forget about Allah is impermissible. Ninth, Alcohol keeps one from praying. And tenth, the phrase ?will you, then, relinquish? is also a form of emphasis . It is narrated that Imam Baqir (A.S) said: ?Disobedience to the order of Allah is mostly due to alcoholism. The alcoholic abandons prayer. He can even commit incest under the influence of alcohol<SEMCOL> he loses his senses.?? Is drinking alcohol a sin in other religions (besides Islam)? If no ,why not?	Additional Details unfortunately some of the answers are not related to my question like Cashelmaras. It goes without saying that Wahhabism and Takfiri groups who do violent actions cause concerns in the Islamic world. It is clear that Wahhabi and Takfiri groups are the children of Israel and the US. These are formed by them and are supported by them to create crisis within the unified Islamic nation. Takfiri and Salafi currents are not related to Islam and our Sunny brothers by any means. They are rather sects reared by the West in order to weaken Islamic societies.	
How do you know if you are alcoholic or not 		A year ago I had a alcohol incident in which I got mandated to program . They make you go to Aa. Its not bad you meet wonderful people but I still am not sure if I am or not. Heres truth I never drank everyday. I drank only in social settings clubs etc. to loosen up. Isnt everyone drinking. Where I am confused is the concept what makes a person able to drink safely and even like buzz but the alcoholic has a problem. ? Please help.		
Is drinking alcohol as bad as smoking and if so why is it not treated in the same way as smoking		i was never brought up to believe it was as bad as smoking but now as an adult I know does kill people and lead to cancer etc too. Im not talking about drinking to excess getting drunk drink drinking and driving or anything but just the consumption of alcohol. Should we stop drinking alcohol if we want to stay healthy. I don think that will happen with me, i hate smoking but is my few drinks at the weekend and at social events cause me as much harm		
How long will Alcohol be in my "BLOOD" if i drink 1 beer		I am a Male 6feet an 160 pounds how long do you think alcohol will be in my blood (if i drink it At 8:00 Am do you think it will be in my blood by 5:00 PM		
Im going to London to live with my aunt until September. She drinks alcohol		So my aunt is going to give me a job where she works. I currently live in Ireland but Ill be heading over to her in a week or two. Thing is, my aunt and uncle in law drink a lot of alcohol every weekend and most week days. They have two kids but they argue a lot when theyre drunk about anything. They scream and shout at each other. I drink alcohol sometimes. Maybe some wine or some beer but I never get drunk. I make sure I never do. I drink alcohol in moderation. Im worried about staying in her house when they are drunk and argue. Im used to my parents arguing and they dont drink alcohol at all. I dislike so much friction. My anxiety gets much worse when Im in the middle of an argument. I cant live by myself because London is hugely expensive so thats why Im staying with her. Is there anything I could do to make things easier for me? Anything I could do for myself to make things lesa awkward when they argue? Sorry for the long question!		
Instead of Rubbing Alcohol, does normal cleaning spray (such as Ajax Spray and wipe) work to clean your bearin		I have been riding in puddles with my board and a rusted the bearings. can i use cleaning spray to clean them? if not what can i use?		
Is taking Zofran and alcohol together, dangerous		Zofran is an prescription drug that blocks the brains signals for nausea and vomiting.	Additional Details Ive been googling it for the past 6 hours and I havent seen even one paragraph stating anything dangerous about the combination. I think the only risk would probably be just not vomiting when your body is trying to get rid of all the alcohol. With that in mind, it would seem like a good idea to count/watch your intake of alcohol to make sure you just dont get alcohol poisoning. Am I half correct? I see that one of the side effects of Zofran is just the possibility of getting sleepy. Those effects are increased with alcohol. So if anything, you might end up just going to bed early. Which isnt a dangerous or bad thing. I am assuming its safe to take with alcohol seeing as all site information Ive looked about on the drug say nothing about not taking it with alcohol. Including drug interaction information. Safe, but I assume just not recommended. @Ed. Yeah. I took the pill and have been drinking for almost 20-30 minutes already and havent had any bad results whatsoever. I mean, the pill isnt going to make you invisible to nausea or vomiting but it definitely makes it harder to reach that point.	
Are you drinking coffee, tea, or alcohol right now				
Why do people drink coffee, alcohol, or smoke		I am 21 and everyone I know drinks coffee and alcohol. I tried them both and they taste like ****. Also, why do people smoke? My doctor tells me that smoking will destroy your lungs and kill you. Should I try these things because i feel left out? I want to live to age 120 though		
Whos drinking excessive amounts of alcohol right now				
My mother found my alcohol		So i just got back from a holiday and my mum cleamed my room when i was gone (ugh) and my alcohol is gone, she hasnt said anything or acted weird but shes taken it. Do you rhink shell confront me? What do I say? Cant tell the truth because last time something like this happpened she went skits		
Alcoholmeters for gasoline		Can you use an alcoholmeter (used to proof alcohol) be used to measure alcohol concentration in gasoline and other fuel?		
What kind of alcohol should I buy if I cant keep it in the fridge but sometimes want a quick drink		Im well over the age to buy and drink alcohol, but Ive got very traditional parents who dont allow it. Im living with them at the moment and Ive been thinking about just keeping some drinks on my closet where they wont be found but since theyd be warm, I dont know what I should buy that I could "chill" somewhat quickly for a drink, either by mixing it with a juice (the kitchen fridge always has orange or apple or a bunch other more fancy named junk), or just by adding ice (but most drinks Im used to having would be too diluted/taste odd with ice. The only things I keep coming up with are vodka cran or rum and coke (ie. rum could stay warm in my closet an I could just go to my room with a class of coke from the fridge and pour it in), but Id like some other ideas	Additional Details @BEER: sorry if I explained anything wrong - I know that drinks can be stored room temp :p I just meant that since thats what I have to do, what colder drinks from a family fridge could I mix in with what alcoholic drinks so that the colder drink helps chill the room temp drink, yknow? But those whiskey stones are a good idea. Ill look into them - thanks :)	
Why do people drink alcohol or smoke		Hey im 18 im mexican my whole family drinks i guess mexicans drink alot ive never met another mexican family that doesnt drink all the partys everyone drinks coronas,patron,wine and other stuff ive tried them before just sips and it tastes horrible and why do people smoke my brothers smoke but why ?? It causes cancer so am i lame for not liking alcohol or smoking cus i prefer so much more a cup of orange juice or milk or soda than alcohol or smoking i think ill never drink in my life		
Is it true opening apple juice and letting it sit will make alcohol		I have a 2qt bottle of 100% apple juice. A friend told me of I open the lid and then close it really tight and leave it for a year in a closet it will turn to alcohol. Is that true? Or does something need to be added?		
Can I drink alcohol while taking Zoloft		Ive been taking Zoloft for almost a week for anxiety/ social anxiety and had bad headaches and drowsiness the first few days.. But now It has improved. I sake my psychiatrist if I can drink while on it and he said no. He said because it makes me more prone to seizures... Even though Ive never even had one or witnessed one in my life. He later said I can have like a beer or like a shot but I shouldnt have more.. What are your thoughts? Because obviously the right thing to do is not to drink but Im going to a party and I dont want to just sit there alone and left out (the reason Im taking the medication). Would I be able to have a little more than what he recommended? Like 4 beers maybe? Thanks!		
If i took a pain pill how long do i wait to drink alcohol		I took Oxycontin around 3pm today, I have a broken wrist so I take it for extreme pain, but Im going to my party tonight a friend is throwing for me for turning 21 and I would like to drink not get drunk but drink a little. How long do I wait?	Additional Details Well I take birth control also but that will be at 9pm so I cant drink at all? I didnt take a full pill I chopped it in half since I didnt want to wait a long time will that still affect the time of waiting?	
What are the best comedy movies that are not about sex, alcohol, adults acting immature, or any of this:		NONE OF THE ACTORS FROM: Superbad ISNT ABOUT ADULTS ACTING LIKE CHILDREN LIKE: Elf Dodgeball ISNT ABOUT ADULTS ACTING IMMATURE LIKE: Reno 911 ISNT ABOUT ALCOHOL LIKE: Beerfest ISNT ABOUT A BUNCH OF LOSERS GETTING DRUNK LIKE: The Hangover ISNT ABOUT CRUDE AND VULGAR HUMOR ISNT ABOUT SEXUAL OR SUGGESTIVE HUMOR, AND ISNT ABOUT CRUDE SEXUAL INNUENDO LIKE: American Pie Knocked Up 40 Year Old Virgin ISNT ABOUT ******* LIKE: I love you man ISNT A CARTOON LIKE: Team America ISNT ABOUT DRUGS LIKE: White Castle Super Troopers Pineapple Express ISNT ABOUT CHILDREN LIKE: Bad Santa ===================== So, what are some GOOD, CLEAN comedies of the 21st century?	Additional Details OH AND ALSO THAT ISNT ABOUT FAT PEOPLE OR PEOPLE IN FAT SUITS AND ISNT A BLACK COMEDY (GROSS) @Sven yeah I cant STAND those actors like from superbad. I found a couple good ones but Ive already seen them: Burn After Reading Airplane! (1980) Ferris Buellers Day Off (it was about kids but I saw it when I was a kid) City Slickers @Alejandro Rodriguez: yeah haha spaceballs is one of my favorite comedies ever!!! Never seen the dracula 1995 movie. Ill check it out! haha Dracula 1995 is pretty funny haha its on youtube Im watching it now :) @ChiHawksFan: no thats a cartoon	
Got a concussion 10 days ago. Today is 2nd day that I feel great. When is it okay to consume alcohol again		I have no more symptoms.		
Do you ever drink alcohol alone, at home				
TV Shows about alcohol beverages		No reality shows.		
Which is worse alcohol or videogames		So me and my parents are arguing and I want to know which is worse. Please include your opinion, pros/cons, and any additional input		
Benadryl and alcohol		I took 5-6 shots of uv blue about 20 minutes ago, what will happen if I take 7 Benadryl?		
Can they serve a 19 year old alcohol if the are in the marines		I herd not sure if is true if your under 21 and your a marine army etc and you go to a bar or LIQOUR store they are allow to sell u alcohol ?		
On a cruise when buying alcohol		Do you have to show your ID every time or do you get something to show youre of age? Going on my first cruise in a few weeks.	Additional Details @Artemisc Im actually 21, so not underage. And that did not answer my question. Ok nevermind it does in the first paragraph. And yes Im aware you dont actually "buy" it.	
How long after taking Tylenol should I wait before drinking alcohol		I took 2 500mg Tylenol Extra strength tablets at around 5:30 PM (almost 3 hours ago) I do not drink often. The last time I drank alcohol was probably 1.5 months ago. Will it be ok if I have a few drinks (maybe 3-4 shots) in about 2 hours (so about 4-5 hours after taking tylenol)? Thank you.		
Overdose on tylenol extra strength 500 mg and alcohol		Um I took 4 pills of 500 mg tylenol extra strength this morning for my tooth, then took another 4 pills around lunch time, and then took 6 pills and a glass of strawberry smirnoffs vodka around bedtime to help me fall asleep. It wasnt intentional at all, but I just read the label.. Whats going to happen to me?... Anyone have any idea? Should I seek ER attention or should I be ok?		
Do decades of too much alcohol give you a permanent puffy face		Or can it still reverse?		
If I only have one kidney, can I still drink alcohol		So I just found out I was born with only one kidney, and Im 16 right now. I found out around my birthday, less than a month after it. I know that both the liver and kidneys handle alcohol in the body, and while I dont know if I have anything wrong with my liver or only kidney (its about 2 inches larger than a normal kidney, which is normal for only having one because it has to do more work), I do know I have to be relatively careful with alcohol and no drugs. Also, Im susceptible to addictions because of past family history and I know that is a factor, possibly relating to how some people say "once I start I cant stop," which Im scared of. I know Im going to drink here and there when I get older, and Ive already had a few drinks on holidays and outings with family and/or friends. So what should I do? I saw something on here about if you only have one kidney men should only have 2 drinks a day, and women only 1 drink a day, and have 2 non-alcohol days (which I could definitely manage, I didnt realize people drank that much) per week. So does that have anything backing it up? I know my post is kind of going everywhere and not making sense, but its almost 2:30 am right now and I was listening to something that reminded me about it. I have so many medical problems with my neck, knee, hand, and now lack of a kidney Im forgetting about the kidney one because its the most recent discovery. Sooooo if someone could help me out and try to make sense of my gibberish, that would be awesome. :) Have a good weekend! Thanks.	Additional Details Susan - I already know I have to be more careful because Im missing something. Im also missing a lot more crap like I said above. So I know. I already dont do anything. No sports. No diving. No horseback riding. No rollercoasters. Nothing because of all of my medical problems.	
Poll: Why do / dont you drink alcohol .	Stewie Griffin		:)	
How to get him to stop alcoholism		I have been in a relationship for a year When i met him he would get drunk and come on dates drunk. I tild this man that i did not date guys that drink he stated then he will quit. Since tge his alcohol issues have caused problems in the relationship. He has management to hide his drinking for a while in the veginning of the relationship. Now that Im getting to know him better I have found that he has a alcohol problem and this is the reason for his agression and irriated moods that has caused problems in the relationship since the beginning. It had lead to violence and him putting his hands on me. I had to call the police on his recently. I love this man and would like him to stop drinking so that the relationship can work but he feels that he does not have a drinking problem and does not need help. We started couples therapy and the lady says that she can help us. Well the day after therapy he shows up home smelling like a big bottle of alcohol. No motivation. He admitted to the therapist that he drinks 3 to 4 times a week a pint to a 1/2 pint. But he often tell me he has not been drinking when I know he has. Hehides it from me. What should I do? I never dated an alcholic? We were scheduled to get married this month. It has been announced to the whole church and we have the marriage license but Im not marrying him. He needa to get hisself together. I have told him that if I dont see a change by 2/28 and if I dont see that he is trying to help himself that I was going to leave him. Its my life and if he dont want help tgen its his fault and his lost. I told him I will continue to go to therapy with him and church and be in the relationship but I was taking notes and if I dont see him trying to change Im leaving. Did I make the right choice? The siber person he I love but the drunk person I dispise.		
Is getting drunk once a week an alcoholic		Im 30 and have been drinking since 16. When I was in high school, I stayed drunk. But back then that was what all my friends did. After HS, I slowed way down on my drinking, but I still drank more than I should. Ive drank and drove cars, trucks, and even atvs for about ten years, until the age of 26 when I almost got a DUI. I know it was dangerous but I really did stop drinking and driving. Like I said, I only get drunk once a week now and I got called an alcoholic. Is once a week to excessive? Or is it normal? I dont drink at all until that one day a week. My gf doesnt have a problem with it. Or anybody else except that one person that call me an alcoholic.		
How to have Alcohol without getting caught		okay im usually at my dads but this week im home my mom got A Scotch from her bf she dont drink and its full how unlucky. im 15 and planning on having 2 Cus just to make the vibe better. its 8.00 pm and she will be back at like 2Am i just wanna enjoy my saturday. ive had it 3 times already and im fully responsible. so dont be those people who try killing the vibe by saying it will kill you? i can have it every few months and its 2 cups so no harm. how do i have 2 cups without her noticing		
HELP im having an allergic reaction to cat but I have alcohol in my system!!!		I drink tonight about 4 Smirnoff ices then my friend bought out a cat she didnt know i was allergic to cats now my throat is like hurting and im stuffed up what can I do or take?		
Dubai related question: If you are an Arab person who drinks alcohol, can you get arrested for it				
How to get alcohol tips		So i am 20 years old and so are my friends. my birthday is in a month but i have a friend that is coming home on leave from military. he lives out of state but is coming for the night to see us. we all want to have a drink and a good time. but i dont know how we can acquire alcohol. any tips? we live in a very small town so everyone knows everyone.	Additional Details live in the states where legal age is 21 i said comment with tips. not your sass. okay my friend will only see us for a day. thanks a bunch for your help. youre terrible at answering.	
There is this weird pain in my testicles which i feel when i drink alcohol. Any tips		So basically I feel a weird pain in my testicles when i drink alcohol. It starts hurting around a minute after i drink a cup of vodka or wine. It lasts for around 5-10 minutes. Any suggestions what can cause this and what are the short/long term effects? Thank you.		
How many drinks do you have on occasions where you drink alcohol				
Have you ever drank alcohol before		BQ:How old are you? Im 15 and I havent		
Why Muslims drink alcohol				
Why do most people think that to have a good time, you must drink alcohol		I had this woman stay at my place last night because she had no place to stay at. Obviously, she tried to pay me back with sex service, but shes not my type (I dont date loose women). She then went out to get some beers and brought it back to my place. She offered me a beer, but I told her that I dont drink. She then criticized me for not drinking with her and said that I needed to loosen up. I said good night to her, then I went to bed. Whats so fun about drinking alcohol? It makes you act stupid and it makes you feel like crap the next day.		
Does alcoholism affect your brain		His own wife told me that something is wrong with him. I have observed him a lot and Ive noticed a few things. He is always talking. I think he may be a compulsive talking. Even when no one is around (walls are thin) he talks about nothing he literally talks to himself. Anytime there is a discussion in the house, where his wife and my husband and I are present he seems to be the only one talking only because he never lets anyone talk. It gets so bad where his wife has to tell him to shut up and stop talking because he never lets anyone get a word in, always talking over that person never listening and allowing them to finish. He just assumes he knows what that person would say and builds an argument from that. His wife also tells me she thinks he has OCD because he always comes every 2-5 minutes to check on the fire in the fire place, cant sit still, and always tries to find something to do. This is just what my mother in law tells me. My husband tells me he thinks his father isnt all there mentally and it may be from being an alcoholic. Is something wrong with him?		
How long does it take to get alcohol out of urine for a urine analysis		Had 3 beers Friday night and stopped at 2 am. Then 1 more beer Saturday 11 am. I have to take a urinalysis Sunday around 5 pm. I weigh 225 lbs, 32 yr old female could it show up. My freedom is on the line. I made a big mistake		
Is the number of people addicted to alcohol larger than the number of people that use drugs				
How can I motivate my mother to overcome her bitterness about her fathers alcoholism		It is like she is as bitter about the alcoholism as he was addicted to alcohol. Note---He was a great man who I liked a lot and died back in 2010. But, my mother has never let go of the bitterness towards those who handled his drinking different from him and shifted her anger after he died to those who sided with him including me. I liked him a lot which angers my mother.		
What parts of the brain are affected by alcoholism and what part causes the addiction				
Do you consider alcohol good always, bad always, or just good when done in moderation				
Do alcoholics ever stop being alcoholics even if they are around alcohol all the time		He was never there for his children because he was so busy drinking. My husbands mother raised them on their own. My husband even told me that his father once peed on him because he was so drunk and out of it. He would also drink shaving cream. Apparently he is clean now and stopped on his own. But deep down inside I have trouble with this, I do think my father in law will drink again because of all places to work he works and runs his own bar. Strange for an alcoholic or previous alcoholic to run a bar and to be around beer and drinks literally 24/7. When the bar isnt open he is down there. He eats there too. Day and night. I asked my husband if he believes his dad doesnt drink anymore even if he isnt around.		
What are some of the common causes of alcohol addiction (alcoholism)				
Is Ethyl alcohol can be a solvent for cyanide				
Would guys over the age of 21 buy me alcohol when Im 18 years of age		Do guys do that for girls thats of legal age for them? Would a guy over 21 buy me alcohol if i asked him to?		
If I searched your refrigerator for an alcohol beverage, would I find anything				
Does having alcohol flush (asian flush) guarantee my kid will have it		If I have alcohol flush (asian flush) and my wife doesnt, does this guarantee my son/daughter will also have alcohol flush? What are the odds they will have it if I have it?		
Is it prohibited for a muslim to have a medication that required alcohol to dilute its contents in		Most cough suppressants and medications consists of a diluted solution in alcohol? Why would then be alcohol prohibited that way?		
SCIENCE PROJECT HELP Effects of alcohol on the brain!		okay so my friend and i are doing a science fair project on the effects of alcohol on the human brain. We have to show the effects through a working model. Any help from anyone would be greatly appreciated!!! THANK YOU!		
Is it normal to not feel the effects of alcohol is a much on a second night of drinking alcohol		I enjoy drinking quite a lot of beers twice a week. If I drink on a Friday I will get drunk easier than if I drink on the Saturday the day after getting drunk. Is it normal to find it harder to get drunk the second day? Ive recently just drank on the Friday and not bothered with Saturday drinking as the effects are much less, Id normally now drink on a Friday and a Wednesday.	Additional Details I am actually quite drunk the second night, but its not like I feel it as much.	
Does this seen like an alcohol problem		Im a female on my boyfriends account. I drink about a bottle of wine every night. When I cant drink my bottle of wine I get really irritated. I have a very high tolerance of alcohol and never get a hangover anymore. Tonight I got into a fight with my husband because he bought me a small bottle of wine not a large one and he told me that he dropped the bottle of tequila. I did not believe him and it instantly made me pissed at him. Im a depressed person, and when I drink I feel more confidence and happier with myself. I feel like I may have a problem, but I dont know for sure.		
Will i get drug tested for probation for an underage alcohol if its not listed under my probation conditions		Im on probation for an underage consumption and this will be my first follow up appointment with my probation officer. The incident happened over a year ago and im now 21 but i dont drink anymore and I havent been in trouble since the incident. Under my "probation conditions" I received from my PO, it says "alcohol screen with follow up, no future violations, and pay costs and fines within 6 months", but nothing about random drug testing. Now although it doesnt say it, I was just curious if they will still randomly drug test me even though its not under the listed conditions?		
In the olden times (Pre 1980) did people really use to put alcohol in their babies bottles to stop crying		If you are from the olden times did your parents serve that to you? Did you serve that to your children?		
Do you think Im allergic to alcohol or have alcohol intolerance		Last time I drank, I had a friend mix me vodka (it wasnt even that much!) and orange juice. Thats it. A few minutes later, I started to feel buzzed. My face was hot and very red. Minutes after that, I started to feel nauseous. I puked. My head was pounding, my heart was racing, and i was burning up. I puked once more. Then I passed out. After I woke up, I felt significantly better (with the help of two bottles of water). This all took place within a one to three hour period. Well, thats how it felt. Im not sure, I wasnt keeping track of time, lol. It was an awful experience, needless to say.	Additional Details oh, and i also remember being cold shortly after burning up	
Does neutrogena alcohol free toner work		I have a lot of acne scars and my tone is uneven so would this product work for me? Does it dry out your skin? I apply oil free lotion in the morning and at night so would I apply the toner before or after the lotion???		
How many alcohol groups(-OH groups) are there in C16 H30 O7 compound  Kindly tell the method also		Its s part of organic chemistry for IIT-JEE pls tell a method suitable for other compounds too Thnx?		
Any addict or alcoholic that can talk		Im 22 yrs old. Girl. And I just need someone to talk to who understands. I really need to talk to Someone who is going through the same thing or who has already.	Additional Details What is your email?	
I read that 100% alcohol can clean & remove water from handheld electronics.		The directions said to remove battery and soak in 100% alcohol for about an hour then remove and let dry for 3 days.It would remove moisture & clean contacts letting it work like new. Does any know what to use since 100% alcohol is nearly impossible to find?		
Dayquil after alcohol		Okay so ............. I drank about 1 cup of tequila & 3 coronas within a 5 hour period. Last drink was about 2 hours ago. Im slightly sick (getting over a cold) & Im coughing up a storm. Safe to take dayquil or no?		
Drinking too much alcohol tolerance		Has anyone ever drank too much and just felt sober afterwards its something that happens to me every time I drink.. after a few shots ill feel buzzed but before I know it a bottle is gone but I feel as sober as a judge. Nobody ever can tell Im drunk except for my girlfriend who notices small differences. Im 23 and Ive been drinking heavily since I was 16 so may that have a factor? Ive slowed down a lot over the past year but still every time I drink I dont feel drunk and I end up drinking a lot more than I should		
What is your favorite type of alcohol				
Arabs, biggest alcohol consumers!		Islam forbids alcohol, and yet Saudi Arabia, the origination of Islam, is the biggest consumer of Alcohol.		
How long after getting drunk, will the alcohol leave my system		I drank for the first time the night before last. Its been a little over 30 hours. I had three shots of vodka and got very drunk. And Im under age. I might have bronchitis, and my dad wants to take me yo the Dr today. If they do there tests, will the alcohol show up?		
Is this alcohol poisoning or Virus		So friday, I ate 4 slices of pizza around noon.. I got to a 2:30 movie and eat half a bag of big popcorn and large sprite. I go home around 630. buy a 12 pack of Sam Adams Boston Lager, I drink it through till maybe midnight. I can not stomach drinking the last one so I pour it out.. I wake up in the middle of the night and puke and crap a bunch.. I try to go back to bed but i am very upset in the nether regions.. I wake up again more nauseous than before, and still manage to puke up what appears to be a full load of beer. thats around 4 am or so... now from then on I have been having diahreah in all liquid form every half hour or so. Did I make a big mistake pounding those 11 sam adams on an empty stomach... or is it a splinter virus like has been going around lately.. could the lack of food and the over dose of beer shocked my immune system? Because I wasnt feeling anything like this before that wake up, or last beer. the pizza and popcorn were dam good, now I can barely stomach anything.		
Is Alcohol denat. in hand sanitizer halal to use		Help me and increase ur reward...		
Is it legal to exchange alcohol for alcohol Homebrewers		We are homebrewers in Michigan. At our local brewing store we got into a conversation with a wine maker which resulted in the exchange of homebrewed alcohol out of our trunks, just to try what the other had made. We thought, hey, great idea! What if we could organize a beer and wine exchange locally for homebrewers so people can try a larger variety? But that begs the question, especially if we put it on the internet, is that actually legal? I think even giving away alcohol is technically illegal or is that just for businesses? Dont think itd be that big of a deal but I really wouldnt want to get slammed for it either.		
Alcohol consumption leading to miscarriage		I recently went through an awful miscarriage at 8 weeks. I didnt realize that I was pregnant until I went to the hospital with what I thought was severe menstrual cramps and a test proved positive for a pregnancy, only later to find the fetus had no heartbeat and I was going through a miscarriage. Im mostly concerned that I was the sole cause of losing my own offspring. Unknowing I celebrated bringing in the new year with alcohol consumption. I took part in binge drinking the weekend before the New Years, the night of, as well as the following weekend. I realize that excess alcohol leads to a miscarriage in the early stages of pregnancy. Before knowing the pregnancy I had believed I was mostly infertile. This gave me hope I could become pregnant naturally, but I still have that feeling that I may either have bad eggs or worse have been the major factor in the lost off the offspring growing in me. Im just lost, down and need some guidance about what has happened to me..		
Is it possible to get completely drunk Saturday night and be clean of alcohol by Monday morning		I need to know for a paper on drug/alcohol testing and any insight would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!		
Strange reaction to pot and alcohol		Ok so last night I was at a party. This definitely wasnt my first time smoking or drinking. I smoke weed like every weekend. Anyways, I had a couple shots of something strong. Then apparently I downed some guys rum. I also had a couple big hits from the bong. My last hit was big and afterwards I couldnt stop coughing (i was drunk and getting a little sloppy). Anyways I had to leave the room and I crawled on to the staircase coughing. My friend and boyfriend freaked because apparently my face turned green and I was shaking. So my boyfriend took me to bed and stuff happend <SEMCOL>). I was really out of it thought and afterwards I was just lying in bed shaking really bad. My boyfriend was really worried, he thought I had alcohol poisoning. Im fine now, but I guess my question is what happened? Ive never shaken after getting super high? It was weird. And why did I turn pale/green? Please dont lecture me about drinking or smoking, its my choice.	Additional Details Oh and I forgot to mention, could it be my size? One of the guys told me it couldve been because Im small and couldnt handle it? Im only 90 lbs but this has never happened before. And I forgot to mention, my boyfriend did say "oh this is a different kind than usual". So maybe it was cut with something strong? I was the only one with this bad reaction, but then again everyone else was bigger than me. Im only 51 if that has anything to do with it?	
What happens to me when i drink alcohol		When im tipsy i am an easy guy to talk with. I can talk about ANYTHING. Girls really like me for that. However when i am sober, its hard for me to talk about things. I dont use any body language and i tend to be a bit awkward. I really want that "funny dude" attitude when i am sober. Is there like some kind of mental barrier when i am sober?		
Did Dennis Rodman mean the things he said about North Korea, since hes going to rehab for alcohol use				
Does smoking pot affect erectile dysfunction How much alcohol can you get away with		will having a few light beers over a few hours be enough to create a problem? I was thinking pot would be a better alternative.		
Which is a stronger depressant pentobarbital or alcohol				
How much do i have to wait after taking xanax to take another drug or drink alcohol..		Hey i just wanted to know when it is safe to take another drug or drink alcohol..its already been 18 hours after the last time i took 1.5mg of xanax and i want to take horny goat weed or drink some alcohol..is it safe or do i have to wait more?		
Pres. Obama has proclaimed that smoking weed is no more harmful than alcohol. Should he legalize it		CONservatives continually discriminate against President Obamas wisdom, but will the non-racist sector of America bond together with President Obama to legalize pot, cocaine and meth?		
I Think I May Becoming Dependant On Alcohol		Now, before I start, I know I am going to most certainly be getting some nasty comments about this question, but I really do need to ask. I am a 14 year old, female. I had my first drink when I was 12 years old(first time getting drunk), but I havent felt dependant since these past few months. I crave for a drink and its the first think that comes into my mind when I have money. I usually drink vodka and not a lot of everything else. When I sober up, I shake quite uncontrollably, but not severly. My whole night is made up of making sure no-one else is drinking my drink and I have no drink it fast, never slow. Ive also had thoughts of doing stupid things like taking alcohol into places like school and just places where alcohol shouldnt be consumed. Please give me advise. Thank you in advance.		
Muscle/shoulder pain when drinking alcohol		Sometimes when I drink alcohol (especially spirits , sweet drinks) I get a horrible muscle pain thats mostly in my shoulders but in my arms and chest too? (Im not a heavy drinker and rarely drink)		
What would happen if we outlawed tobacco, alcohol, and kept pot illegal to help people live healthy				
Are there any known chemical interactions between isopropyl alcohol/grain alcohol and polyester		I plan on filtering an alcoholic herbal tincture through a 1 micron polyester felt grease filter. basically will the iso or grain alcohol pull any unwanted chemicals from the polyester or damage it over time if i keep it soaked in alcohol? thanks		
President Obama agrees that weed is less dangerous than alcohol so are Republicans saying the opposite now		When President Obama says that the world is round, they say its square. When President Obama says the sky is Blue, they say its Red. When President Obama says the economy is up, they say its down. So now that hes agreed that weed is less dangerous than alcohol are they disagreeing on this too? and going as far as saying the finding are "Liberally Biased"? http://news.yahoo.com/obama-marijuana-fo? Obama on pot: I dont think it is more dangerous than alcohol	Additional Details If youre an American that love this country, you should care what the POTUS says.	
How to reset your alcohol tolerance		I usually drink twice a week, and have done for years. I normally have 10-12 beers over a long period, like 7-10 hours. If i drink a second night in a row I dont really feel the effects anymore, so I now tend to drink 2 days not in a row. What is the best way to reset your alcahol tolerance for a 2 night a week drinker? Im guessing if I went down to just one night a week then this might help? My system hasnt gone a week without a drink night for probably years.	Additional Details Reply to Naomi Yeung: No im actually drinking less than before.	
How much time does it take for the body to detox from all the alcohol...	Montse		...that I drank at the weekend. Dont know if matters but I drank 8 beers.	
Is there any aspect that Alcohol is actually good for health...		if so, in what aspect it can be good for health ...?		
Why do so many child stars end up abusing drugs and/or alcohol at some point in their life		Its a huge trend for some reason. Justin Bieber, Demi Lovato. These ungrateful kids have it all, grow up to abuse drugs and waste their money. Why?		
Which is a greater sin The consumption of pork or the consumption of alcohol	 Imperius Rex 			
Someone I know drank alcohol under age, what do I do		My friends brother went to his first party a few days ago. He told me that he drank alcohol and told me not to tell anyone. He just started highschool and I feel like its my responsibility to lead him to the right path. He is also feeling quite sick after the party. I am worried about him but I dont want to rat him out... Help	Additional Details I know that he drank alcohol for a fact since I asked a couple of his friends and there were pictures of him being wasted	
Why do people use drugs / alcohol .	Stewie Griffin		its like they are purposely trying to make themselves retarded (literally) like pouring water inside a computer and making their brains malfunction . Why do so many people want to lose their grip on reality and lose control of themselves ? it seems silly .	
Should alcohol be outlawed 		I havent seen anything good come out of alcoholism. Alcohol has caused a lot of devastation in our society. So why does the government still allow it ?		
Does Drinking Alcohol increase this		The other night I took, two un-prescribed Xanax and two pain pills. (I didnt snort any of them but one pain pill) then I started drinking. I only drank about 5-7, 5% alcohol bottles. That normally would only make me tipsy. Then I had about 5 hits off of a blunt of Loud. Not a big deal. But I took the pills separate a different time, the same way and the blunt but it did almost nothing. But that night I added alcohol, it was like... woahhh. So my uncle and I have a bet. He doesnt think it increases it, but I do. Help?		
Dangers of mixing klonopin with alcohol		not for me but for someone I love, mixed klonopin unknown milligrams with lots of alcohol, may have mixed it with crack or oxycodone or cocaine, too? had hallucinations, awkward walking, and very jarbled speech,hardly understandable, and passed out. do you think he had a stroke? first time hes done this, and praying that in the morning he will be better...but so scared. can I legally have him put in rehab based on this knowledge? all theyd have to do is a hair strand test to know. Im scared his addiction will kill him and he wont listen to me, just gets mean and hurtful, but not physically.		
Rubbing alcohol on a cut in mouth		I have a cut on the top of my mouth, which hurts a bit when my tongue rubs over it and when i eat and sometimes talk. was thinking about rubbing some alcohol on the cut to help it and hope it will numb it possibly? vodka is what ill be using as its all i have. but yeah will rubbing some alcohol on it numb it?		
How do I avoid Walmart refusing to sell me alcohol		I live in Louisiana, and I also look quite young. Im 22, but strangers in bars or casinos have accused me of being 16, and using a fake ID. Last year I went to Memphis, TN to visit my best friend - and picked up some Smirnoff malt liquor for him to try. The cashier refused to sell to me, and wouldnt give me details as to why. When I asked for the manager, the manager looked at my ID and said they wouldnt accept it because it was out of state and expired, despite having the proper expiration extension on the back (LA dmvs mail out extension stickers). She then accused me of it being an obvious fake. This Walmart is the only local store where my friend lives, and Im visiting again next week. Do I have any right to file complaints if they refuse service again??		
Why can alcohol be sold advertised as alcohol free when it is actually low alcohol.		You do not sell gluten free bread with just a little wheat flour or Vegetable lasagne with 1% beef( or Horse in)		
Why is marijuana illegal while cigarettes and alcohol are(except colorado and washington)			Additional Details arent* are legal*	
If Obama says that pot is no more dangerous than alcohol, what about the movie reefer madness		Both of these have wildly different outcomes... the reefer madness movie depicts people being "obsessed" with murdering people, and then we have Obama saying its no more dangerous than alcohol.. where di they get their info to create reefer madness then?		
Why does not alcohol react with neutral ferric chloride but phenol does				
Ethyl alcohol is denatured by adding small amount of.......				
Does Nicotine Cause Intoxication Similar to Alcohol Intoxication		Intoxication can be defined as impaired judgement<SEMCOL> the inability to behave like a normal person. In this sense, is nicotine known to cause impaired judgement similar to the effects of alcohol on the brain?		
Alcoholics drinking till they are sick		my boyfriends is drinking a bottle to 2 bottles of ouoz a day and though the night he wakes up and drinks more , he sick then drinks more , he also on tablets for depression dont know how to help him		
Where to get help if family member abuses alcohol		My dad is a heavy abuser of alcohol. He drinks heavily twice a day. Hes been drinking for many years but the problems have gotten worse overtime. He refuses to admit he has a problem or get help. His reasoning is that its the only thing that can help him go to sleep. (He says that prescription medications dont work for this matter.) But this doesnt make sense, as he drinks heavily and not just at night. He drinks so much that he moans and groans all night in his sleep. Not sure how that would cause it, but that only happens after he drinks. His drinking has caused bad family problems as well. He yells and curses my mom often when hes drunk and gets so angry that its scary. So my question is: How can I help my father with his severe alcohol addiction given that he refuses to accept professional help or even admit that he has a problem?		
Drinking Question (alcohol)		Whenever I drink my heart starts racing.. Is that normal?		
Obama said that marijuana is no more dangerous than alcohol		Apart from the error that marijuana is vastly less dangerous than alcohol, how are conservatives going to respond to his words? http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/01/19?		
Why must sodium dichromate first be acidified with an acid before it can oxidize an alcohol		I would love to know why!!!		
Im on day 4 of the Dr. H. Clark parasite cleanse. Is it ok to drink alcohol during the cleanse				
Identify the organic product formed by the oxidation of this alcohol using acidified potassium dichromate (VI)		Please help me before Tuesday!	Additional Details of propan-2-ol	
How to hide alcohol on a school trip		Me and a few of my fiends will be going on this school trip to Wales and we will be in this old cottage place for the weekend to do "extra revision" basically we wanna get a little drunk after lights out! There are about 30 people going there and its 4 of us who wanna get drunk... getting it isnt the problem its hiding the vodka/beers? How do I hide it?? They may search our bags but may not. Also any tips on hiding the smell of weed, we wanna get a little high, not in the cottage but further up the top of the hill		
Do Cons think marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol or		have they been conditioned to disagree with anything President Obama says?		
Alcohol and rehab HELP!		Hi everyone! Well my father is an alcoholic. Hes drinks a lot, to the point were hes always falling and hitting his head or falling in his face and knocking down his teeth. I tried talking to him try to help him out and letting him know how bad is affecting our family. We are tired and exhausted trying to help him out. I decided to have an intervention this upcoming Friday, but the way things are and how hardhead he is and how negative he is on himself that hes never getting better scares me that he wont agreed to go to rehab. This is where I need Help.... Can we (his immediate) family take him to rehab even if he doesnt agree to go to rehab???? I am truly terrified he might end up dead by falling when drunk.		
Found a bag with two syringes full of grey liquid, and alcohol wipe packets. No needles, whats the liquid		I found a bag that has 2 syringes, alcohol wipes, and no needles. What is the grey liquid?	Additional Details Its very tar-like and sticky. Would not be able to flow through a needle probably. Any idea what it could be?	
If you are a mother whos seeking help for alcoholism should you fear CPS		Im at the point where I realize I have a drinking problem. Ive yet to have any major life changing negative consequences due to my drinking BUT, I feel as if its only a matter of time. Im a functional alcoholic meaning, I still have a job, attend school part time and according to everyone else Im a very patient and attentive mother. I have never blacked out, or been to the point where Im unable to care for myself or child. I get off work around 5 and as Im cooking dinner I begin my drinking till I go to sleep. Usually, about a pint of alcohol a night. When, I dont have my little one and on the weekends I can drink half a 5th of alcohol with beer or wine included. I want to seek help from my family doctor, 1. because I have pain in my liver (or at least where my liver is located) 2. because even if I dont wanna drink I find myself WASTING $$$ on alcohol and I hate it. Heres my fear, if I go to my family doctor about my alcoholism would they as professionals have to notify any agencies? I am interested in possibly getting on an anti-depression medication or even the medication that makes you extremely sick if you have a drink. Im just very very scared that some how me seeking help will back fire. Does anyone know the laws or anything related to this? I appreciate your responses and know that im not in denial about this disease. Ive researched self help as well as AA. I want to make a change BEFORE I start experiencing blackouts & DUIs. Thank you!		
How would you describe what happens to rubbing alcohol as it dries to elementary students		Since they wont necessarily understand the term evaporation, it needs to be explained in simple terms why the liquid disappeared, where it went, and how you know that. Please no annoying smart *** comments, I need serious answers. Thanks in advance!		
What does it mean when the alcohol bottle says it has 15% or whatever alcohol in it		does it mean it has that much alcohol the whole bottle can anyone plz explain to me		
Being the child of an alcoholic father, when I am 21, could I abuse wine		Alcohol like vodka, tequila, scotch, or even beer arent anything Im interested in trying when Im of age. However, my family goes wine tasting and chocolate wine was offered to me as a pre-teen just for a sip. I am soon to be 17. Considering my fathers background, I know I have a higher chance of abusing alcohol. But say that when I am considered an adult (in my 20s) and I only drink wine, could I be at a higher risk? I am worried about the possible effects, although, I am not one to party at all, nor drink hard liquor as my father had. I am not interested in drinking alcohol now, or anytime soon. For future reference and to be cautious, I would like serious answers.		
How long for alcohol to go		Im 21 about 57 and weigh 120 and I had one beer Sunday and will have a urine test Tuesday. will I be in the clear?		
Isnt it ironic that alcohol feels so good but is so bad for you		I think someone should invent a healthy form of alcohol. Its really not fair. Im big on health and nutrition but sometimes being drunk just takes the edge off. I know a few drinks every couple of months isnt going to kill me but wtf! PS After 2 month of not drinking I just had a big cup of whiskey! Man that feels good		
Alcohol and tonsillectomy		I am having a tonsillectomy tomorrow at 10:30 am Today after work at around 5:30 I had an alcoholic beverage without thinking about the effects because I was never warned by the hospital about alcohol. I WAS told not to eat or drink anything passed 12:00 am the night before. The drink was 1oz of baileys liqueur mixed with milk on the rocks. I also ate a good amount of food afterwards. Do you think I will not be permitted to have the surgery because of the drink I had? Is it possible that it could cause a negative effect? (well I know anything is possible, but how likely?)		
What do you think of alcohol related violence Do you have any great ideas to stop children from drinking 		Do we really have a responsible attitude to alcohol? Why do teenage children still sneak alcohol and binge drink with their friends? How can we stop this or change this? What do YOU think will help?		
How is vat calculated in mumbai..especially for shirts and pants and alcohol..		how is vat calculaetd for discounted goods while shopping and what is the vat% for shirts and pants and alcohol		
Xanaz alcohol and weed Will I be ok Im nervous.		At about 7:00 pm I smoked a bowl of weed. At 8:00 pm I took a full Xanax pill. Around 3:00 am I smoked another bowl and took about 1-2 shots of vodka . Now its 5:30 am and im getting nervous because ive googled stories where people died from mixing drugs. But I feel ok. Just a little nervous because I feel a little tingly sensation in my chest and I dont know what it is. Am I ok?		
Why do atheists think that money, sex and alcohol equals happiness		You should be serious and pray in bed every night instead.		
Why does alcohol affect everyone differently		My aunt and I just had some red wine. Im 22 and I was completely normal/fine after having two glasses. My aunt only had one and felt dizzy and was all giggly and silly. She is 42. We are both the same height and are average body weight. Why did it affect us differently? Why was I okay after two?		
Taking metronidazol... Used an alcohol product... HELP!!!		So Im taking metronidazol for a bacterial infection and it said I could not use anything with alcohol. That means no drinking and no putting on my skin either. I just washed my face without thinking and looked at the ingredients on it and sure enough alcohol was in it. My mom never told me what would happen if I did use alcohol on me and Im kinda freaking out cause she told me its a strong drug. Please tell me what will happen! And if you know any non alcoholic serengents thank you!!!		
Ramadan-Which is worse drinking alcohol or having sex before marriage			Additional Details @Saieeda calm down I dont want to do any of these and its just a bloody question, keep your hair on luv! Jeeezz..... @Islam try and get straight to the point and not give some looonnngggg speech ok, its annoying.	
Can taking 30 sleeping pills with alcohol kill you 				
Obama says Pot is not more harmful than Alcohol...how did he arrive at this conclusion				
What will happen if i mix grinded paracetamol and alcohol together		Dont worry. Not suicidal... Just curious. Please answer soon as. Thanks		
When a GP looks at the blood test of a patient with a alcohol problem, how do they know if the liver is scarr		scarred		
Do you like caffeine, alcohol, or sleep aids		I like all 3 in generous quantities ^U^ Substances are nice.		
If alcohol kills u then why are there competitions for how much can u drink		Ive heard people died cz they were constantly drinkin alcohol for 40 mins or so...then why do they have this competitions???		
What alcohol and how much to bring on Spring Break PCB		What kind of alcohol and how much should i bring for spring break between 3 girls. were also staying for 7 days		
Why cant tertiary alcohols be oxidised by acidified Dichromate ions		I am thinking it may have some relation to the absence of Hydrogen on the carbon the -OH group is bonded to but thats all I have.		
How long does it take alcohol to leave urine		I have a drug test in 6 days, and last night was the last time I drank. will all the alcohol be gone? Its a urine test, not a blood test.		
IF YOU DRINK 2 50ML OF 99APPLES WHAT ALCOHOL PERCENTAGE IS THAT				
IF a cop buys someone underage alcohol		Lets say there is a party, and a friend invites someone who is a cop. If he buys alcohol for minors in an attempt to catch them in the act of underage drinking, will he still get in trouble for buying it, or will they let him go for being a plant in a way?		
What pieces of ID can I use to buy alcohol in BC		So I just upgrade my license from class 7 to class 5. They took my photo ID and gave an interim license. Can I use a old student card for the photo ID and then my care card that has my birthday on it to go out to clubs, bars and buy alcohol??		
For alcohol-abstainers: Is your reason medical, moral, religious, spiritual, or...				
I cant drink alcohol anymore and Im a teenager		Ive asked this before because Im a little anxious and curious as to why I cant drink even 1 shot without throwing up anymore? I used to be really good at drinking<SEMCOL> i could have 5 shots without even feeling sick or having hangovers in the morning. Now when i have just 1 sip of hard liquor i feel really really sick. I even get sick of the smell of it before i drink it. Whats wrong with me? Im 17 and all but I used to be really good at it and feel really high.		
What are some good high end types of alcohol		Im going to Mexico in a couple weeks and Im 19 so I cant drink in America but Im gonna drink there cause I can. I like some of the more expensive wines, but the cheap stuff sucks, I also really like Sangria. The only beer I like is high end craft beer, bud light also sucks. I hate alcohols like vodka, rum, and whiskey because I dont drink to get drunk, I drink because I enjoy hanging out with friends on the beach smoking cigars and talking over a glass or two of wine. Therefore when I go to Mexico I want to try something different, other then beer or wine like I always get. What are some alcohols that are good, that arent like 60 percent alcohol and disgusting to drink solo. A buddy of mine suggested I get an Irish car bomb, he made me one and it was literally the worst thing Ive ever tasted so I want to stay away from mixed drinks like that. Also money is still an object cause Im only 19, so I cant buy like 2,000 dollar bottles of 1952 French wine or anything like that.		
Is it ok to drink Alcohol before a deep tissue massage				
If being an alcoholic means being addicted to alcohol does being catholic mean being addicted to cats				
Is Alcohol considered a drug				
How many litres of alcohol are contained in 465 litres of a gasohol mixture that is 5.3% alcohol by volume		How many litres of alcohol are contained in 465 litres of a gasohol mixture that is 5.3% alcohol by volume? Retain the proper number of digits in your answer. I keep getting it wrong.		
Anyone know how to get a seal off alcohol without breaking it		I need to get the seal off but without cracking it (opening it) or damaging it.		
Has anyone been to alcohol or drug rehab		What would be some of the costs involved in opening such a business - no, I am not planning on doing this, just trying to discourage a friend?		
Seniors: I need info abt alcohol rehab centers		What would be some of the costs involved in opening such a business - no, I am not planning on doing this, just trying to discourage a friend? I think they need a doctor involved? I know they are expensive and I would imagine it a difficult business too. And i do not drink so have no personal knowledge of such places.	Additional Details @all - no, not in USA but keep the answers coming as I know nothing of this type of business - and will be meeting w/this guy in a week or so as he wants to pick my brain - I think I might get some answers by visiting a local website and see what they offer. I doubt he is going to have funds to do this anyway...	
Percocet 5/325 and alcohol		Someone I know has 5/325 percocet and was wondering if its fine short term (not long term damage, etc, but just in this moment..) to take 2 of those and just 2-4 shots (1oz per) of 30% alcohol. He has a broken ankle and was prescribed those pills, but he still wants to know from other people who may have had experiences with this.	Additional Details It only says may intensify effects. I asked for in this moment if he takes it. Not about how itll affect his liver in a while.	
I drank alcohol 3 hours ago, can i drink clonidine			I am 68 years old, i drank 3 small cups of alcohol. My blood pressure 210, 95. My normal blood pressure is 140- 150. I need to take my blood pressure, because i forgot to drink it in the morning. May i drink it now? Or will something bad happen.	Additional Details I also forgot to ask, may i also take these medication (which my doctor prescribed) Losartan Potassium and Maxzide.
How to deal with an alcoholic		Im 14 and my dad has been an alcoholic for 7 years. My grandpa died when I was 7 and that was it for him. Hes been to rehab twice for a total of 4 months and tonight he drank again. Basically he slapped me and threatened me so I called the cops. They said they couldnt do anything. Now hes raging in his room (my mom kicked him out of her room because he snores) and its right next to my room. I have all the doors locked and stuff but its taking every single ounce of strength in my body not to barge in there and bombard him for everything Ive left unsaid. Every scream (hes literally screaming AH out loud among with youre a c*** you f****** b**** and incoherent crap. Hes also moaning). How can I deal with this? I just need him to shut the f*** up seriously Im so done with his bs its not even funny. Please can someone give me advice?!	Additional Details I know that going in there and beating the s*** out of him isnt going to make me a better person, and thats what Ive been muttering to myself but I cant take this every single nerve in my body is twitching. He went two years ago for one month, and last year for three months. My mom does Therapy and Ive tried it but never liked it or felt the need for it. He goes to AA meetings some times, he seemed to do much better when he went to those.	
When 100 mL of pure cyclohexane (C6H12) are added to 100 mL of pure ethyl alcohol (CH3CH2OH), no chemical		Question Continues.... reaction occurs. Discuss each possible intermolecular force that could exist in this mixture. Think! Predict the end result of mixing these two chemicals.		
How to become a functioning alcoholic		Im 27. I rarely drank ever before it now its the only thing that makes me feel okay. Also, it takes very little to get me drunk.. You see, my gf of five years cheated on me. Nothing else has ever made me so depressed. Dated many other girls after..had sex with girls after her but..I just cant seem to love anyone else or forgive her. Been apart over a year but still..my mind is a wreck How much alcohol can I consume before I cause irreversible damage? I figure the average person starts drinking around 18 so I have almost ten years to catch up and it takes me far less to get drunk than other ppl. Im 64 and girls that are a foot shorter than me can drink me under the table.. So lets say a few beers a few times a week..usually the sorrow sets in at night. How long can I escape liver damage?		
Which has more alcohol content; 9 shots of Jack Daniels or 20 oz of high life		My friend and I are trying to figure this out. Thank you!		
What is your favorite alcohol beverage and why		Top 5		
How many one night stands have you had, and if so was alcohol involved in any way				
If I take a whole bottle of ibprofen and alcohol will it kill me		Im 16 and about 109 pounds. Yes this is a suicide attempt but Im wondering if Ill actually die from it.		
Why do native Americans love alcohol so much		Ok Im white and I dont want to hear that natives get treated like sh*t from the government because they really dont. Ive been dating a Native American for about 3/4 years I know all of his family very well and a lot of them get free money from the government they get free health care they dont work. And when they have to deal with a real life problems they wine like big babys! So anyways my bf is a huge alcoholic he can drink about 2 gallons of straight liquor to himself he will be drunk for days sometimes weeks months.. His cousins are drunks his aunties parents siblings everyone they act rediculous about alcohol its like rite when they see it they have no self control to not drink it and the they deny that they drink? You may think that its a sterio type but its true that they are drunks no doubt and I want to know why why do natives love alcohol so much????		
I want to get this e-liquid vape but i want to know why it says in consists of alcohol what kind of alcohol		http://www.ebay.com/itm/Vapor-Products-E-Liquid-Juice-Hookah-Vaporizer-Pen-15mL-No-Nicotine-COLA-/171218616623?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item27dd6cc12f		
How a person will feel when he is under influence of alcohol and touch electricity 		sometimes persons under influence of alcohol are not feeling any kind of pain when beaten up .. How about electric shock ? will they feel shock when they are under influence of alcohol heavily ?	Additional Details vennela @ yeah i will try it with YOU .. dont worry i will buy you the booze for you :P	
If your friend throw a party and dont allow any alcohol, would you still come				
Can a phenol be considered an alcohol also				
Why do so many anti-gun enthusiasts want to ban guns but not alcohol		Studies show around 4 times as many people die from alcohol related fatalities not including vehicle related fatalities. Why dont we try banning alcohol? 100,000 people die from alcohol related fatities 40,0000 die from drinking and driving Just over 10,000 die each year from intentional homicide. So booze kills more than guns. Shouldnt we ban alcohol "FOR THE CHILDREN"? What do you "NEED" alcohol for? What do you "NEED" a 30 pack of beer for? Isnt there also a bit of hypocrisy being as instead of further controlling alcohol, many people are pushing for legalizing more substances that affect the mind? I mean cmon, its not like we banned or "prohibited: alcohol in the past right? People will definately stop drinking if we just take away the booze right?	Additional Details Gun are already regulated like alcohol. You must be 18 to buy a rifle or shotgun. You must be 21 to buy a pistol. Also you must complete a backround check before you purchase unlike alcohol. Also people die from alcohol shouldnt we aska family that lost a loved one how they feel? Bada bing, you can kill a person after drinking for the first time. How many teenagers get behind a wheel after drinking?	
Where is the cheapest place to purchase alcohol		I live in Australia and I turn 18 soon, I would like to know where the cheapest place to purchase alcohol would be. I dont mind if it is in a store or I have to order online. Thank you.		
Wouldnt banning alcohol make disinfecting your wounds and Communion illegal		Im a conservative,but I dont think banning alcohol is a good idea.Although it should be illegal to be drunk.		
How can I get served with alcohol		Im 16and I was just wanted to ask how can I get served with alcohol and other drink		
Minor charged with allowing minors to consume alcohol		My cousin threw a party at his house and people brought beer. My cousin doesnt drink and when the police came to shut down the party after seeing teens with liquor, they charged him with allowing under 21 to consume alcohol. Hes 17 and none of the beer was his! And he cant pay a fine he has to go to court. Whats going to happen? We live in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.		
Why do experts come out with drivel like "there is no safe level of alcohol" for driving		How about 4 pico-litres or a slightly fermented apple, or some mouthwash? Further, i do recall a TV experiment on a simulator (Tomorrows world?, i vaguely recall, it was a while a go) showed improved driving skills after 2 units - one drink, the drunk driver 3 drinks performed as might be expected. Obviously nobody would want to promote drunk driving...?? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/articl?	Additional Details It is almost impossible to have zero % alcohol in the body. Tim S, you probably believe in homeopathy. Tonight im on the endogenous ethanol.	
What kind of alcohol is used for acne		I heard a good way to get rid of acne was putting alcohol on it. what kind of alcohol? I have multiple kinds of alcohol in my house, rubbing alcohol etc.. Which one is the correct one? I dont want to put the wrong one on then have something bad happen		
How much alcohol to get tipsy/ sociable		I am 19 years old, female, 58 and never drank before - tried a few sips of things but that is it. I only really like vodka and coke - so going by that - 40% vodka.	Additional Details *********** By the way - I live in England so you are allowed to legally drink at the age of 18 - should have mentioned that sorry !!	
What would happen if there was no alcohol or other drugs				
Would you ban alcohol		As the question suggests I would like to know if you would ban alcohol. I also wanted to know, as Im doing an English assignment on this topic, a witty headline that would really capture the readers attention and if possible concisely summarize the content Ill be writing in the main body of the article. I personally will be writing against alcohol and its existence. If you could please give both of your argument thatd be great. Thanks a lot to all contributive answer in advance - much appreciated.		
Does alcohol impair the ability to recover from the flu				
Alcohol Themed Party Help		I want to have popular movie or show themed party with the word Tequila or a kind of tequila. These are examples of book names: example Adventures of Huckleberry Gin, The Old Man and the Seagram, Hundred Beers of Solitude, Catch Twenty-blue label, 1984-loko. The Fountainkeg, A Thousand Splendid Rums, The Brothers Kamikaze, The Jungle Juice, The Red Stripe of Courage. Any ideas help! THanks!!		
How does BAC (Blood Alcohol Concentration) relate to driving a vehicle				
Does alcohol effect people with aspergers differently				
Can passengers on a bus drink alcohol, what about an RV				
If alcohol turns into slush in the bottle, what is more alcoholic, liquid or ice		Had some alcohol in my freezer an it turned into slush and I just got curious.		
Court mandated alcohol treatment options		Different options besides an impatient program.. Second offense.		
Can I drink alcohol when taking Norethisterone		I am going on a holiday soon and I am expecting to have my period right when the holiday starts and I want to take Norethisterone to delay it and I want to know if I can have alcohol while taking it? Enough to get me drunk. And being in Australia can I get Norethisterone anywhere (not online) without a Prescription? I would love as many answers as possible :D		
How much alcohol would you need to drink to get fatty live		How much alcohol would you need to drink to get fatty live? Obviously there is no exact answer, but generally speaking? How many units a week would someone need to consume to have a high chance of getting a fatty liver?		
Why do you get sick after drinking alcohol		Please dont judge, me n my friend had a bit a vodka not loads just like a bit n we mixed it with a tiny bit of undiluted cranberry juice n we got all mood swings and that was my first time drinking and she got drunk on beer and all before but not vodka, n then we got al emotional she was crying n i was laughin n then we couldnt stop vomitting and i keep burping n i taste raisons and the sick is all over my window sill, why is that and how will i feel in the mornining for schooll, were 14/15 n im a good child please dont judge , how will i feel in the morning, why did i get sick, and whats happening inside me, please dont judge oh and why do i need to urinate so much?		
Turned 21 - Should I Be Having Any Alcohol at All		1) 21 - COMPLETELY LEGAL 2) I am currently trying to lose weight - how much can I healthfully indulge, if any at all?		
If your Straight Edge (meaning no drugs, alcohol & smoking) and your girlfriend is not, do you break up		Like you dont like or want her going to clubs or getting drunk. But she wants to & you cant make her stop. So your not happy or dont care about her anymore. You dont want to marry her or see her anymore or have kids together. Should you break up or go to counseling? Is it bad to break up with someone if your straight edge & they are not?		
Alcoholic drinks that dont taste that much like alcohol		My friend and I just turned 21 and realized we dont like the strong taste of alcohol in drinks. Are there drinks that dont taste too strong of alcohol?		
Is 660 mg of murelax, 150ml of codeine, 40 mg of temazapan and alcohol enough to kill me		dont tell me not to do it or that jesus is all i need (i am actually a very strong christian but i cannot take this anymore), or that things will get better, i have made up my mind and you cant change it		
Why do conservatives worry about weed being a gateway drug, but not about alcohol being a gateway drug		And if they think that its a gateway drug because its illegal and cool, why not just legalize it? Its not as if the legalization of weed would suddenly make us legalize everything else. Thats not what happened when they legalized alcohol after the prohibition.	Additional Details @ YA: If you smoke it, sure, its bad for your lungs (although not as bad as tobacco). But you dont have to smoke it. You can eat it and that has no more potential for cancer causation than peanut butter. @ Gum Control: Youve very wrong about most drugs arriving on the scene within the last hundred years. Marijuana has been used as a drug for thousands of years, so has cocoa, peyote, and there are even references to opium products in the Iliad. Your info is patently wrong. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cannabis_(drug)#History @ Joe: Possibly its different in the US. However, in Canada where I live, the conservatives are the ones who are blocking legalization(pretty much every other party supports it to some degree), and theyre fond of the gateway argument. @ Gum control: Also, I dont see how you can argue against cannabis for being addicting (which it is in certain individuals, but only psychologically, not physically) and then endorse alcohol, which is not only both physically and mentally more addicting than cannabis but poses more serious long term health risks than many other drugs, cannabis included. Hell, people are even prescribed medicinal marijuana by psychiatrists to combat alcoholism. http://psychcentral.com/news/2009/12/01/marijuana-to-control-alcohol-abuse/9863.html @ Gum control: So what do you think of making alcohol illegal because of its high addictive potential, then? Would you support it? Why or why not? I should mention that although I do support legalization of cannabis for recreational purposes, I also support the regulation of it in a similar vein to alcohol regulation. I should mention that although I do support legalization of cannabis for recreational purposes, I also support the regulation of it in a similar vein to alcohol regulation. @ Gum Control: If we can successfully regulate distilled alcohol, such as moonshine, what makes you think it would be difficult to regulate excessive strains of cannabis? Especially considering the amount of money that you could spend on cannabis regulation that is now being spent on finding and punishing people who are caught with small amounts of cannabis or a couple of plants.	
How much can alcohol affect menstrual cycle		So, this will be pretty... personal. I recently got out of an abusive relationship (with the help of some very good friends and support system). We were together for two years and had unprotected sex a few days after my period. A day or two after that we had the fight that (finally) opened my eyes. Needless to say, it was a very stressful time. I was never a drinker until this past month, and I found myself (combined with the stress of moving to a new apartment and away from a psycho) drinking nearly every other to a few days. Then I would go a week not drinking at all. Fast forward to now, one month later, Im two weeks late for my period, but the tests Ive taken have all come up negative. Is this because of the dramatic change in my health or the stress of all that has happened in the past month? Or, well, could I possibly be pregnant? I know the final thing I will have to do is go to the doctor, but i thought... maybe, just a little piece of mind or a dose of reality. Thanks. :)		
How to stop my husband from consuming alcohol		we are married for 10 months. My husband have cultivated these days a bad habit of drinking. Every night he comes home drunk. This creating problems between us. He says that stress is the main reason for this. I am really worried. we both love each other a lot. ours was a love marriage. Infact cant think abt a life without him. My close frnds suggested me to give him de-addiction powders without his knowledge. Can you please suggest whether that would be successful. If so which product to choose? Will my husband really stops drinking liquor by this? pls help	Additional Details many times our parents and myself have advised him. But still he has never given attention to any one. He is very stubborn and feels that he is right. just because of this habit, he is wasting all his savings.	
Should you say something to a friend who is 24 and an alcoholic Or what should I do		I have a friend who goes out drinking every day and hes life revolves around getting smashed every night. Should I say something to my friend? My friend has some severe depression and Ive never seen any of my friends go out drinking as often as he does. My friend he looks 4 years older than his age, so that alcohol is aging him physically. He drinks so much that I feel like he has a 75% or higher chance of getting into an accident due to drunk driving. He just got his license back after it being suspended for a few years.	Additional Details Oh and my friend has been drinking for at least the last 4 years like this.	
Does coke contain alcohol		just wondering		
G/hL absolute alcohol		Please tell me how to convert concentration of methanol 200 mg/L (Ethanol 20 %) to g/hl of absolute alcohol.		
Consider an alcohol and a mercury thermometer that read exactly 0 c at the ice point and 100 c at the steam po		consider an alcohol and a mercury thermometer that read exactly 0 c at the ice point and 100 c at the steam point. the distance between the two points is divided into 100 equal parts in both thermometers. do you think these thermometers will give exactly the same reading at a temperature of, say, 60 c? explain. all c are degree centigrade		
Isnt Obama saying that weed is less harmful than a legal substance like alcohol pretty much giving people		The green light to break the law? Funny that part of his administration does not think he is correct on this point. http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014?		
How long after appendectomy can I drink alcohol		I just had my appendix taken out and my birthdays on monday, obviously Im not doing anything until next weekend, would it be ok to drink? My surgeon didnt say anything about not drinking. But i think its because Im underage. How long do you think I should wait. I had a laparoscopic surgery and I can go back to my normal eating habits by tomorrow. The surgeon said no gym for 4 weeks and no heavy lifting for a few days until the soreness goes away. so back to my question, how long should I wait until I can drink	Additional Details They didnt take my appendix out because I drink to much, and I dont drink that often but I wanted to have a nice time for my birthday maybe have a couple drinks, Im not an alcoholic and Im not taking any medications	
Will this homemade alcohol making method work		http://www.ehow.com/how_5559736_make-pur? It doesnt even give measurements, anyway does this sound like it would work?		
Alcohol and cocaine and then weed. and zapain to help sleep		Will zapain help me sleep After cocaine alcohol and weed? I just wanna sleep		
Cheap Alcohol Alternatives		Is there a cheap alternative to Goldshlager, Bombay Sapphire, jaegermesiter? Im from the UK so please dont say wal-mart heehee		
Songs about alcohol and assault/drunk driving/underage drinking		Im making an informational video about abuse, assault, and crimes associated with alcohol and I need a song to go along with it. Ive included information about abuse, sexual assault, drunk driving, and underage drinking, so a song about any of those topics will work.		
Duloxetine (Cymbalta) and alcohol		So I have noticed since taking Duloxetine that I have a high body temperature. I was wondering if anyone taking these tablets have noticed that they have gone off alcohol? its strange but I cant drink like a did before.		
Can you drink alcohol after getting your wisdom teeth pulled		Itll be a week tomorrow since i got my wisdom teeth pulled and im planning on drinking a little Ive already done a bit of research but i just wanted to double check thats its okay to consume alcohol even if my jaw is still sore and there is still mild swelling??		
Cheap & easy to find alcohol		are there any really cheap alcoholic drinks out there, ones that wont get you that drunk? I need one that I can just drink and not get affected that much, no need to talk me out of drinking, Im 24 thanks!		
A substance that reacts with alcohol		Working on a school science project. Is there any non-toxic substance that when mixed with minuscule amounts of alcohol would react, producing a non-toxic, colored solution. I know this sounds obscure but its worth a shot. Thanks.		
Alcohol and disinfectants		I know that putting methylated spirits on an infected wound will disinfect and clean the wound. I also know that methylated spirits is 95% ethanol and 5% methanol (both alcohols). Which (of all) alcohols are natural disinfectents?		
What is the mass of methyl alcohol (CH3OH) in the sample		An organic liquid is a mixture of methyl alcohol (CH3OH) and ethyl alcohol (C2H5OH). A 0.220-gsample of the liquid is burned in an excess of O2(g)and yields 0.379g CO2(g) (carbon dioxide). Set up two algebraic equations, one expressing the mass of carbon dioxide produced in terms of each reagent and the other expressing the mass of sample burned in terms of each reagent. What is the mass of methyl alcohol (CH3OH) in the sample?		
Do you need a liquor license, if you plan to use alcohol as an ingredient				
Can i have reaction of alcohol(rum) if it fell on floor 				
Mio drops in alcohol		Okay, so I was just wondering? You know, in SKY vodka or something, nothing flavored. Do you think you could put mio drops in a bottle of vodka? and it taste different? Hmmm...		
Is alcohol odor noticeable if mixed with water		Background of question: I am 21 and have found if I have just a little bit of alcohol, like a shot or two in mixed drinks, I can pay attention a little better without getting distracted ,I have really bad anxiety sometimes and it helps calm me, and am a little more outgoing and interactive. I am a college student and showed up for my 3 hour class one day a little buzzed and found I did better on the test at the end of the class than usual and participated more in the discussions and wasnt as bored throughout the class. I usually drink about a half liter to a whole liter of water during the class. Im not a heavy drinker at all and when I do drink it is usually like three drinks max. This is for a once a week night class that is three hours long. Question: I dont want to show up hammered or anything but was wondering if the smell would be noticeable on my breath or in the water if I mixed in a shot or two of vodka in with the liter of water because my school has a strict no alcohol policy due to new student housing and all that and I dont want to get in trouble. Also is it noticeable if kahlua is mixed with a 16 ounce cup of coffee with a shot or two. I wont be driving after class because I have an apartment a mile from class and either walk or jog to class and back every day.	Additional Details I understand that water wont hide the odor but I am more wondering if sense it will be diluted by the water and consumed over a couple of hours if the smell will still be noticeable. And I have spoken to doctors and have had bad reactions with all of the prescriptions I have been given, mostly because I am allergic to lithium.	
Why or how are the heart muscles damaged by alcohol 		I want to know how ,like what does alcohol contain and how does that effect the chemicals or cells in heart muscles, how is my question.		
If I have a gallon of alcohol, how much wash do I need to mix with it		My company is hosting a party, and I would like to mix it up prior so it will be easier that night.		
What sort of alcohol for a sleepover		what type of alcohol should I get for a small sleepover for about 8?		
Why put "heet" in your gas when 10% of your gasoline has alcohol added to it already				
What percentage of isopropyl alcohol is neither isopropyl or water				
Whats the new legal high purple bombs like on alcohol		I have some purple bombs and purple bombs extreme. Now Ive had them without booze and man was I flying. But want to know if would we okay or better / worse to drink with them. Cheers.		
My friend who has all signs of alcoholism		Will sometimes bring alcohol into the conversation. He does this when he is clear headed. When I first suspected his drinking I confronted him and distanced myself. He denied it said its because he was having financial trouble. Yesterday he said he might drink some scotch with his haggis. It took me by surprise and there was a silence between us. He then laughed it off saying he doesnt like it. I have only ever seen him drink beer. Was he expecting me for a reaction or trying to tell me something? I am still keeping my distance but will be visiting him soon and he had been sober for a while. He seems so calm and together.		
Am I overreacting to my ex-husbands alcohol abuse and depression		My ex-husband and I have two children together and divorced 6 years ago. Children are 11 and 8 years old. My ex is an alcoholic who becomes abusive and erratic when drinking. He has stopped drinking numerous times but then always starts back up. In 2009, he received his 5th DUI and instead of going to prison (3rd felony on his record) he was able to do a year-long CD treatment program. However, I have noticed strange activity from him since last May and then in September he was arrested again for Disorderly Conduct and blew .213. In addition, he hasn?t worked since September, hasn?t paid child support, has been suffering from debilitating depression in which has informed me he is unable to get out of bed. The home he lives in was built in 1885 and the wiring is messed up so he only has electricity in select rooms, and the pipes are frozen so he has no running water to his sink or shower in his one bathroom. However, he supposedly can flush his toilet as long as he has bottled water to pour down it. So, he is depressed & drinking, & lives in an unsafe home. I have started a court action in which I am requesting to have his visitation limited to only daytime visits. This has made my ex very angry and rude, and he is continuously attacking me and has started saying mean things about me to the kids. He also claims that he has now quit drinking (I doubt it, but no way I can prove he is lying) and supposedly he has sold his Harley (which he bought instead of paying his child support!) and therefore fixed his wiring issues. I contacted a few attorneys and for them to help me I have to pay a retainer of $5000, which I can get a loan for but really cannot afford. If he is getting cleaned up again and getting back on track, that should make me happy. I know that he will falter again though, it is a cycle with him. My question is if I should just back off with my court action or go forward? I don?t want to do this just because I hate the man so much! Do I have a legitimate reason to continue on? Any advice would be great!		
How can you safely stop drinking alcohol		Ive looked into alcohol withdrawals, and theyre rather concerning. Lets say youve been drinking about a pint of hard liquor everyday, how can you wean off so the withdrawals arent too bad, and you dont need to go to the doctor for medication?		
What drugstore medication can you not take if youve consumed alcohol				
College friends get together at a BYOB, what alcohol should I bring		Mix male and female, late to mid 20s. Last time I brought tequila, kinda dont want to go with a wine(boring), thought to ask the answers community before I get something, thanks		
Should Nick Bollea (Hogan) talk to Justin Bieber about what happens when you mix drugs/alcohol with speed		I have a feeling that eventually what happened with Nick Bollea (Hogan) will happen to Justin Bieber with being under drugs and getting into a serious crash.	Additional Details If Nick Bollea talked to him, that might help open up Justins eyes hopefully.	
How is it that alcoholism spreads in families				
I took 1,000 mg of tylenol 5 hours ago. Is it dangerous to drink alcohol now		Id like to have one or two mixed drinks, but I dont want to kill my liver. I had a bad headache earlier this evening, so I took two 500mg tylenol migraine tablets.		
Is the rate of alcoholism higher among priests than the average for all adult men?				
I took 1,000 mg of tylenol 5 hours ago. Is it dangerous to drink alcohol now				
Why do Australians drink so much alcohol		I was just wondering why are they generally not happy sober? because Ive never seen so much alcohol abuse in other countries, obviously other countries drink but they dont seem to abuse it as much, does Australia have an alcohol abuse culture, Ive been to America for 2 years and most Ive met dont drink nearly as much as Australians, whereas Australians just seem to want to get blind drunk daily, and I laugh when they talk about how bad smokers are, dont they realize how damaging it is to the body in the long term to get blind drunk almost daily	Additional Details Could this be a sign of a widespread depression in Australia?	
Poll: Do you like alcohol				
Cold and Sinus Advil and alcohol		I took some cold and sinus Advil at like 3:30 pm, and its 10 pm now. I really wanna get a good buzz on, is the Advil out of my system by now? I took 2 tablets. Thank you!	Additional Details I havent drank yet. I really want to though. Its been like 7 hours.	
How long does it take for Alcohol to damage your body		I am 22 year old male, 59 and weigh about 125 pounds Back in August last year after my birthday I stopped smoking weed (I first had weed at 19 and had it once a month if that but started smoking it regularly last year in February at 21) because I started getting bad depersonalization attacks which would then turn into panic attacks. I would be driving or just sitting down playing Xbox not thinking or worrying about anything and then WAMMM, Id get this spooky physical sensation go through my whole body like it felt like my heart was slowing down and my whole body would feel hollow and slow, and then the adrenalin shoots into my bloodstream and my heart would start racing (which eased my mind in a way since its a defensive thing) ANYWAY those attacks really changed me because I thought I was dying every time. It wasnt just because of the weed though, I was having 4-5 strong coffees a day (for my adhd), I wasnt drinking enough water, wasnt taking any vitamins or minerals not even fish oil and I was eating junk food all the time. So thats why I started having problems. But I stopped all of that, I stopped smoking, stopped having coffee all together and coke, I drink a lot of water now and I take vitamins now. The attacks stopped about a couple months after I stopped everything and started being healthier. I wasnt taking any medication during this time either. I was on a anti depressant called Mirtazapine 45mg before all the panic attacks got real bad but my doctor took me of them because they werent helping. So I got better naturally When I was a stoner I didnt like Alcohol much at all, all food and drinks tasted yum except for alcohol....too sweet and I didnt like being drunk and stoned at the same time. But because I dont smoke weed any more I started drinking pretty much everyday since November. After work Id go to the bottle shop and buy a 700ml of vodka and buy some orange juice or apple juice and drink that at night, or id go to the bottle shop and buy a 6 pack of scotch n dry (I avoid alcohol with cola in it) Id drink about 5-6 drinks a night, sometimes more sometimes less, I just like to get bit drunk or tipsy while watching tv or listening to music and when I go to bed. Because I am only 22 years old. Does it take years of continual drinking to get liver disease or heart disease?? Here is what I have daily Every morning I have Swiss Mens Multivitamin Triple Strength Fish oil capsule vegemite on toast or weatbix for breakfast or sometimes Id go to maccers and get hashbrowns At night I have High strength Magnesium 600mg (with 50mg vit B6 & 100iu D3) Swiss Zinc Plus (25mg zinc, 30mg Vit B6, 1250iu Vit A, 35mg magnesium, 2mg manganese) Id have the zinc plus about 4-5 days a week And another triple strength fish oil (So 1800mg of omega 3 a day I have) I also drink a few bottles of water a day at work too which makes me pee a lot lol (I dont drink alcohol during the day) I dont drink beer because I dont like it So am I anywhere near close to damaging myself yet or will it take years?? My head sorta feels fuzzy sometimes on the sides of my head like I have to rub it, I can feel it on the tops of my ears too. I dont get headaches or anything I can handle my grog pretty good. I could drink all night on a weekend and I wouldnt get a headache in the morning or vomit. I just feel abit dry when I wake up and abit slow, drink water before I go bed too. My appetite doesnt seem to get affected either. Which must be because of the Zinc Although I do plan to stop drinking daily and I want to go outside and go for runs everyday and get fit again because I want to go back to weed again and vaporize it because I like being stoned better and its non addictive and I dont loose my ambitions when Im high. I just dont feel comfortable breathing smoke into my body anymore so thats why I want to vaporize. Sorry for rambling on. I just want to know how long it take for alcohol to mess up your body. Every since I started drinking everyday and taking ALL OF THOSE SUPPLEMENTS haha people reckon I look a lot healthier in the face (I dont tell other people I drink everyday) which is strange since Iv been drinking a lot but maybe not enough to worry about?		
What is the name of this alcohol drink		Its half baileys and half of something else that starts with a p? (It might be an innapropiate name??!?! idk haha) Thanks!!! X)		
Smell of rubbing alcohol when crying		I am 33 years old, and ever since I can remember (about 3 years old) I get the strong odor of rubbing alcohol in my nose after crying which would linger for a good 30-60 minutes depending on the severity of the cry (and you can imagine the terrible headache that comes along with that). I always thought it was normal until I pondered the cause of the occurrence to a friend who looked at me like I was nuts and said he never heard of such a thing. I am what is referred to as a "Highly Sensitive Person" (HSP for short), so I suspect that plays a part. Im just curious if anyone else has experienced this phenomena as consistently and for as long as I have. Any other theories or explanations would also be appreciated.		
Are there any dangers in washing your hands with rubbing alcohol		I use Isopropyl rubbing alcohol 50 percent and I use several palm sizes of liquid to wash my hands at one time. I know that this is the wrong section but this section is highly populated and there are quite a few intelligent people on here.	Additional Details Doesnt your body absorb it? Isnt that bad?	
Partyalcoholunderage		hi well Im 15 turning on 16 next month, and I have my first house party tonight, I know the hosts but I have missed out on a few previous house partys and at these partys my friends have been drinking and making out with boys, I find these stories really funny, but I dont think its me, Im really looking forward to it as I love getting dressed up, socialising, etc etc. but Im just scared about drink and boys. all my friends are planing to drink and once most of them have had a few, thats it, theyre just away with it, I dont mind them drinking caus I think its hilarious from what Ive heard, but Im just scared out it myself, its not that I dont want to drink, Im just scared about how my body would take it and how I would look, I dont know whether to just go and go with the flow and if I have one I do, and also with boys they always just go in for it? and Im also really scared about my friends leaving me when theyre drunk, And How I can I just talk to people? please help		
Atheists, when was the last time you engaged in the consumption of alcohol				
Trazadone and alcohol		I drank a 6 pack of Smirnoff tonight.. can I take my trazadone so I can sleep? its 150 mg		
Drugs or alcohol only promotes what you already wanted to do 		My friend is 17 and a muslim but she really doesnt give a f* about her religion. This girl made me smoke my first spliff and we got drunk together. When were high or drunk at a party with guys she always flirt with themshe says shes wasted but it looks fake. We always go to parties together, one time she went without me and lost her virginity in a 3 some while being drunk and high. The way she was telling the story to me was like "i f**cked 3 guys i was naked and drunk and i liked it" but the way she tells the story to her psychologist is more like "i got raped at a party i remember everything i was so scared i was on drugs..." I stopped hanging out with her because all she does is flirting with strangers (19 yo to 30 yo) and blaims the alcohol or the pot because she kissed them or gave them b***jobs, even when im in the room. Im as high/drunk as she is but i dont act like that. She tells these people how she lost her virginity and shes proud...		
Alcohol poisoning. . plz help... emergency		Yeaterday night( at 11 pm).. my mother drank almost a full bottle of wine containing 12.5% alcohol in it..and today its already 5pm and still she is having trouble... she has vomitted almost like 5 times and she has not eaten anything.. she drank water and vomitted the same water.. she is having massive headache.. what shall I do?? Plz help and can you tell me home remedies for it without taking her to hospital. . Thank you		
Negative effects of alcohol during pregnancy and breastfeeding.		I want to : Create a brainstorming , analysing the 5 negative effects of alcohol consumption during pregnancy and 5 negative effects during breatfeeding. For example : it hinders the development of the foetus... but why???? In my homework I need to say why it happens. Thanks :)		
Am I allowed unopened alcohol in my car		Im 17, from western Australia, I have my red p plates, and I was wondering if I have a unopened alcohol am I allowed to drive with it?		
Partyalcoholunderage		hi well Im 15 turning on 16 next month, and I have my first house party tonight, I know the hosts but I have missed out on a few previous house partys and at these partys my friends have been drinking and making out with boys, I find these stories really funny, but I dont think its me, Im really looking forward to it as I love getting dressed up, socialising, etc etc. but Im just scared about drink and boys. all my friends are planing to drink and once most of them have had a few, thats it, theyre just away with it, I dont mind them drinking caus I think its hilarious from what Ive heard, but Im just scared out it myself, its not that I dont want to drink, Im just scared about how my body would take it and how I would look, I dont know whether to just go and go with the flow and if I have one I do, and also with boys they always just go in for it? and Im also really scared about my friends leaving me when theyre drunk, And How I can I just talk to people?please help!		
What alcohols to have at home		Lets pretend I finally bring that gorgeous woman home from a party, like in the movies. What would be some good alcohols to have on hand? I wouldnt want a "blurred Lines" moment by any means. But I would like a couple of wines to have, some dry and sweet, and maybe some hard liquor. Any recommendations?		
How can I get over the nausea of alcohol		I just drank and Im still quite affected by it. Like the room is spinning as Im typing. I am nauseas. I tried sleeping for a bit but I stil feel awful. I feel like Im gonna throw up. I drank like 200ml of whiskey I think. I was mad at my bf. Im dont usually drink. Please help. I need to feel better. What should I do? Im so nauseas!!		
T/F: "Alcohol will not solve your problems. But neither will water or milk"	Make it happen			
21st Birthday Ideas not involving alcohol.		So My 21st is next month and I dont no what to do for it. I cant drink alcohol cos of medications I take so I dont want it to be a alcohol themed thing. I dont have a lot of money as I am a university student. Here is some things I love that might give you so help in ideas. -The Tudors -DISNEY -Dressing Up -Acting -Reading -Shopping		
Alcohol is really drugWhat do you think about the principle of the use and abuse				
Would you ban alcohol in the 21st century		As the question suggests I would like to know if you would ban alcohol. I also wanted to know, as Im doing an English assignment on this topic, a witty headline that would really capture the readers attention and if possible concisely summarize the content Ill be writing in the main body of the article. I personally will be writing against alcohol and its existence. If you could please give both of your argument thatd be great. Thanks a lot to all contributive answer in advance - much appreciated.		
How many hydrogen atoms would be contained in 3 dozen isopropyl alcohol molecules				
Is there an article on the issue of alcohol and why it should be banned		Please can someone direct me to an article about this particular issue of alcohol and where the writer actually addresses the many points concerning alcohol.	Additional Details Some really rubbish answers... Im not thick I know quite a bit about prohibition and how it was a resounding failure but guess what I didnt to be told that... its most definitely not what I asked for... Oh and David are you flipping high? Wiki isnt a article...	
Why havent Conservative states privatized their state run alcohol industries		http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholic_b? Alabama Iowa Maine Maryland Michigan Mississippi Montana New Hampshire North Carolina Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania Utah Vermont Virginia West Virginia Wyoming	Additional Details @Paul Most of these laws occured before Democrats came into office. I treat most of those states as conservative.	
Can a nonprofit organization from another state serve alcohol at a fundraiser in California				
Two 24 oz cans of 12% alcohol finshed within 4 hours of each other ok to drive 5.5 hours later		210 Lbs male.		
Is it bad to drink alcohol with anxiety		Ive had one of the worst days in a long time in terms of anxiety. I got the heart palpitations, tingly limbs and face, stiff legs etc., and now I just want to unwind and relax with a can of beer after what has been an horrific day, will it do me any harm to have a beer or two, like.. would I take up in a state of terror again? I had a few beers last night and Im afraid that might have triggered my anxiety. Also, I have panic disorder. Thanks		
If I open up an establishment that serves alcohol can I still allow people under 21 to enter		Say I open a sports bar,restaurant,or cafe that serves food and liquor or beer at least. Will I only be able to have customers 21+ or can anyone attend? I live in GA btw. If possible can someone give me an approx estimate on how much money Id need to start a sports bar or restaurant		
Alcohol and Benadryl overdose Im lost		Will you die if you swallow an entire pack of Benadryl and wash it down with a bottle of jack Daniels? Both are downers so would you die in your sleep? I dont want to hear "dont do it", I have nothing, no friends, no family, no one to talk to. The only person I had to talk to was my babies father and he threatened to kick me out if I dont sleep with him. I have nowhere to go and I cant stay with him and have him treat me like this. He told me hes the only good thing in my life and its true! He helped me out a lot when no one else would and he talked to me when I was ignored but he clearly just wants me so he can use me. I love my son but Im not a good mother he deserves more, hes 5 months old so he wont remember me		
Can I sell cupcakes with alcohol in them		A good friend of mine knows how go make different types of cupcakes and a few of her specialty recipes contain vodka. Theyre really good and we have them a lot with friends but I was thinking about the next level. She also does a lot of cartoon character themes so she was talking about starting a business selling them. Shes start out just taking orders from people she knows and making them at her home. But shed eventually move to a commercial store front. Not like a bakery because we wont be making bread or baking too many cakes and pies itll be mostly cupcakes. What I wanna know is is it legal for us to sell the ones with the liquor in them and if so do I need to get a license/permit to sell alcoholic beverages even though its mixed in with the cake and not exactly being served as a beverage? I live in Georgia btw		
If I have my GDL Driver? and I drink alcohol, can I get arrested for just having the smell on my breath		I have not gotten my full license, just the one you get when you turn 16. I have never been given a ticket, and I am a safe driver for the most part, however I had two Schooners of Bud at Boston Pizza the other day and drove my buddy and I home? now I WAS sober but I did drink a lot, and I dont know if my license permits me to have alcohol on my breath at all?		
At what point does one go from enjoying alcohol and maybe getting tipsy to becoming an alcoholic				
Can an alcoholic help being an alcoholic or is it out of their control		And if the answer is both then what parts can they help and what parts are out of their control		
How do alcoholism and drug addiction vary				
How much alcohol does one drink before they become an alcoholic				
Beer with the most alcohol content		5.9% or more! Anything besides 211 and Elephant.		
Can a driver consume alcohol whilst driving in the Northern Territory		I have heard it is legal to actually consume alcohol whilst driving a vehicle in the Northern Territory, so long as your BAC is below the legal limit. Is this just rumor or is it true?		
Why does alcohol make my anxiety much worse starting the day after consuming it		Since November last year my Anxiety Disorder soared from mild to severe. I experience a lot of physical symptoms including panic attacks, acid reflux which causes chest pains and difficulty breathing properly. I am starting Prozac and cognitive behavioral therapy this coming week. So recently I plucked up the courage to attend two social gatherings. I found that being under the influence of alcohol reduced my anxiety a lot including the physical symptoms. (I only drink at social gatherings btw, I dont even have wine with dinner so Im not an alcoholic). However since these past two times it has given me the weird effects, lasting about a week. The day after drinking I begin to feel depressed (I dont have depression either, a lack of motivation, self loathing and self doubt). Then the day after that, I start to feel really anxious and as though I have ruined all of my progress I have made which was what gave me the courage to go out and socialize in the first place (this is driving, leaving the house alone, going out and about and feeling relaxed, pursuing hobbies and interests) and feel as though I am at rock bottom again. Then comes the random outbursts of crying over small things such as running out of tea bags etc. It triggers the physical symptoms and makes me prone to panic attacks. I dont understand why this is so. I never used to get this. Why is alcohol putting me into such a bad funk which takes me ages to get out of when I thought that socializing would make me feel better?? Is this to do with a chemical unbalance in my brain? If you can relate to this or know the answer please help me.	Additional Details Right now I dont have the confidence to go out and socialize without a having a drink or two.	
Some help on alcohol related issues		Okay so my friends (yes my friend not me) were caught with alcohol in their dorm. Police came and took the alcohol but they were never arrested. They were breathalized. At the end of the night they were never informed of what their charges were. The officer said that they will be getting their fines and citations in the mail. I know when your arrested you must be informed why your being arrested but do you have to be informed of what your getting the citation for? Or is the citation you get in the mail just like telling you in person? Or did the officers mess up here? Any help please		
How to get alcohol to go down		So Im 15 and dont try telling me that I shouldnt be drinking cuz it wont work. But I have a really hard time getting alcohol to go down and I always gag and sometimes vomit. I typically drink whiskey. I have tried mixing it with gatorade and oj and some other drinks but I just cant seem to get it to go down-especially the first 1-2 shots. any advice?		
Question about alcohol.		I had six shots of whiskey, and I really dont feel all that much different..Maybe a little buzzed but not all that bad. I can still walk straight and stuff, but a few years ago I remember just having like 5 beers (cans of beer) and I was stumbling all over and was like...drunk (mind I only drank that many like once...and I literally NEVER drank other than that time and now) why Is it then, that I am not feeling even remotely close to the way I did a few years ago? Im a guy and I weigh 135 pounds by the way.		
Can I bring Nuvo (alcohol) into Canada		Im 18 years old and Im going to the territories. I want to bring Nuvo from my trip from Costa Rica. Im coming with my family of 7. If I bring it, how would they know its mine and not my parents? If they did it by name that the luggage is registered under could I put it in my parents luggage? Also, to bring Nuvo (which is like 750 ml) would I have to pay to bring it into Canada? Because if you do have to pay, my parents would find out about it and Im not aloud to be drinking. Any answers would help. Thank you.		
Alcohol for starters		Im 24, and have only had a few sips of beer here and there, but Im looking for a nice drink thats cheap and tastes good. again Im new, so I dont need any heavy stuff		
Does she have alcohol poisoning		My mother, myself and a few other people went to the bar this evening. I personally do not drink. ,y mom is a socially drinker but never more then a few beers. Well while I was busy on the dance floor and mingling, my mother drank 2 BEERS, A SHOT, AND 4 LONG ISLAND ICE TEAS!!!!! She acted fine until we got in the car to come home. Completely threw up all over herself. She started drinking around 7:30pm & we left the bar around 11:30. Once we got home, I changed her blah blah blah, she threw up again. ALOT. I offered her bread and crackers but she really wouldnt eat much. Ive given her water, she wouldnt drink much. She took a cold shower as well. She just finally fell asleep. I tried to keep her up as long as I could to sober up. I am in bed with her now, just to make sure she is ok. She sounds to me like shes breathing normal, still snoring like usual. I have her sleeping on her side with a trash can next to her. I probably wont sleep until I know shes 100% okay. Does anyone have an experience in this area. Do you think she has alcohol poisoning? Im just worried about her and dont know what to do. Also, not sure if it matters but shes about 55 and maybe 200 or more lbs. thanks I advance. No smart comments, I will hurt your feelings thanks <SEMCOL>)		
Do I drink too much alcohol please help!			I drink 1 day per week. Ill have about 4 drinks on that day of the week...is this too much?	
How hard is it to quit alcohol as a heavy user		ive been drinking tough for several years now. its basically my go-to coping mechanism and when I try to stop I cant sleep and cant function normally. is this normal? does it go away?		
Whats the best alcohol to make cherry jello shots with		One friend told me to use vodka because it wouldnt change the flavor. Another said rum but isnt sure if its supposed to be light rum or dark. Someone else said tequila. Also, can I put a maraschino cherry in each one too?		
Alcohol related red face & long lasting makeup		When I go clubbing I notice that my face gets red, my skin olly or my pours get bigger and my eyes red. I know its because Im dehydrated but I want to minimise these efforts, so that I dont look like a wet homeless dog by the end of the night. Can anyone recommend something? Would drinking heaps of waters during the day help? Also does anyone know of any good makeup that stays on during sweaty clubbing. Im forever reapplying and Im always sweating.		
Does mixing alcohol increase %		Im not going to be drinking Im just curious, say I mix different % like, 40% and 20% does that increase the % as a whole?		
Poll ....which thing is more dangerous Drugs Or Alcohol 	 Questions 			Additional Details really are you Guys Serious? some one reported my earlier question Poll>what are you using right now >DESKTOP Computer ....LAPTOP....MOBILE.....Iphone >?>>This question ban this non sense reporting thing
Should i have died with these mix of drugs/alcohol		When i was 13yrs old i took atleast 2-4mg of xanax, atleast 30-45mg of roxicodone, 4 somas (or whatever the medical name is), and about a half a bottle of hypnotic almost directly after.. I dont remember but a brief second of that night or how much of each drug i took but i did state the minimum amount above.		
Someone who knows about alcohol bottles		So I was recently at a party and one of the girls there was drinking an alcoholic drink that tasted really nice. It was quite fruity and didnt really taste of alcohol. I havent really been looking for it, but its my best friend 18th and shes put me in charge of buying her drinks because shes never drunk before. It was a brown bottle with a white label, had fancy writing on the front and had pictures of fruit on the label also. Any suggestions? : 		
What is this powder for alcohol from the Middle ages called		My Grandfather bought a small bag of powder from a woman at a stall with "Authentic middle ages food and drink!" at a Middle ages festival last year. According to the instructions you pour it into some kind of alcohol, preferably snaps (a dram) or something like it, then let it rest for a day or more until it is ready, then you drink it. He and some of his friends tried it, and they liked it very much, but he has no idea what it was or where to get more, so he asked me if I could:"Go ask the internet, it seems to know so much!" I did try Google but seriously<SEMCOL> "Middleages, alcohol and powder" does not give me much to go on. If anyone has the faintest idea what the "Middle ages powder for alcohol" is or could be, I would be truly grateful for your help. Thank you.		
Will this make homemade alcohol		If i just say got some apple juice and added suagr and yeast would it make alcohol. How long would i brew it for and how much of everything would i add. Plus should i keep it air tight		
How does alcoholism affect the family unit				
If alcohol was outlawed would we have just as many alcoholics or would it be less		I know during prohibition there were still alcoholics but if it was less would there indeed be less alcoholics if alcohol were illegal regardless of arguments for or against criminalizing it.		
POLL---Should the USA outlaw alcohol again		This way there would be less DUI deaths and injuries as well as less alcoholism.		
Hot tea and alcohol recipes		This may sound like a weird request. Im a huge tea conoissuere. I love bitter and earthy teas such as straight green, white, black, roobois, pu-erh, oolong. I never take my tea with milk, sugar, or honey. That being said, I see a lot of recipes for alcoholic iced-tea beverages. Are there any recipes for alcoholic hot tea beverages that wouldnt be SUPER sweet and would retain some of the earthy qualities of the tea I drink?		
Is my mum and alcoholic		She drinks nearly every night normally a whole bottle. She doesnt drink during the day, because she goes to work but she get home about 4 and starts too drink when she comes in, and has done for as long as I can remember. She doesnt think she has a problem though. Even though my family has told her (my dad and 2 sisters) Does she have a problem?		
Blackmail: Marry me or I will share pictures of you drinking alcohol to your Muslim family/friends. Illegal		A friend of mine from the US is currently in Pakistan. A friend of hers (who works in the US) wishes to marry her. His method of convincing her to marry him: He has pictures of her drinking alcohol, and he will share them with her family and friends in Pakistan if she refuses the marriage proposal hes sent to her family in Pakistan. If he reveals this information, it would result in significant problems for my friend (especially with her family) since alcohol is considered forbidden in her familys and most friends religion. My question: Is this kind of blackmail illegal? She would have chat logs and call recordings of her friend threatening her. Can my friend threaten this guy with legal action against him so he can stop blackmailing her? Info: My friend is from Texas. Not a US citizen, got her education from US and now works there.	Additional Details Yes, she would never marry this guy. Only problem is if he reveals these details it would damage her relationships, nothing more. Thank you for your answers.	
Drinking alcohol while taking wellbutrin sr		I just recently got prescribed to wellbutrin Sr and was told not to drink while taking it but in may Im going to Vegas for a week and I know Ill be drinking the whole time so Im not sure what to do!! Stop taking it? Or just drink on it? Any suggestions or advice please. Thanks		
What happens if you drink alcohol while taking seizure medication	X~MUSIC		Just curious because my younger brother is reaching that age and even though Im away at college Im still concerned....Im not 100% sure which meds he takes but I know he takes 3 different kinds, in the morning and at night.	
Do all inclusive resorts serve NON ALCOHOLIC BEER		please help i have seen one resort that sold non alcohlic beer. my fiance and i are going to cancun or riviera maya area in may this year and he is a recovering alcoholic and said he would like if there was non alcohlic beer he could enjoy with dinner or on the beach instead of water pop or iced tea. any helpfulness is appreicated		
Can someone tell me an anecdote of a bad alcohol encounter		Could someone tell me a really interesting anecdote relating to alcohol. All anecdotes are welcome but I would really really appreciate it if you could tell me one that would be of when you were a teenager meaning it didnt happen in a club/bar or somewhere teenagers wouldnt be. Thanks so much and please can you be as detailed as possible. This means alot to me thanks.	Additional Details Im doing an english assigment to persuade the human race to prohibit the use of alcohol - if you must know. Thanks for you valuable input though much appreciated.	
Cost of alcohol to the United Kingdom		How much does alcohol cost the NHS? Police? Every year? Thank you very much for all the help it is really appreciated.		
What is the Alcohol Concentration for yeast		In my chemistry class, we are learning about alcohol/yeast, we have been asked what is the concentration of yeast. Help?!		
What is an alcoholic		an alcoholic is someone who drinks a lot. when they drink a little they become drunk right?		
Do they ID for alcohol in the Netherlands		me and my friend are going over there in the summer and we will both be 16 so we will be legal to drink as long as we dont drink spirits and things with a high percentage but we were wondering whether they are strict on ID over there and whether it would be worth while taking out drivers licence so we dont have to carry around our passportt		
Cant get aroused without alcohol		For the last probably 3 months I havent been able to get aroused without being at least tipsy. For probably 9 months before that sex wasnt great without alcohol, but at least I had some interest. These days I feel asexual without being buzzed. I find myself avoiding sex or just giving a BJ instead without alcohol. Im in a relationship with only one man, weve been together 2. 5 years and I was a virgin before him. Im 26 a year old woman. What could be causing this?		
Is there a cooking chart for higher alcoholic content liquors		I want to make a Chili for a contest at church but i want to use a special flavored Vodka I found to bring out a couple flavors in the ingredients but Im using a slow cooker and i want to make sure that if its a higher proof drink such as Vodka its still going to cook out 95% of the alcohol		
Headache after just a little bit of alcohol		Let me first start off by saying that I am a social drinker. I am 25 and drink a few drinks a month. In college I drank way more than that and started drinking when I was 19 during my freshman year at college. This past weekend I got WASTED for my cousins birthday. I hadnt gotten like that in a while and went all out. The next day I had a horrible hangover and didnt recover until that evening. I had nausea, vomiting, headaches all of it. It was bad Ever since then I notice I get headaches after minimal drinking. The other night I had a glass of wine and developed a headache on my left temple. This morning I had brunch. Same thing happened! I had a mimosa and started to get a headache. What does this mean? Is this a result of the other night? This was a week ago. Last saturday when this happened and I do not know why I all of a sudden get headaches after drinking just something little.		
Does alcohol bloat you		In all my pictures Im drunk with friends and I notice my face is puffy and my belly. I am not paying attention to sucking in my belly maybe cuz Im drunk but am I poking out from the alcohol? I notice this in pictures that Im wasted. Not just a few drinks.		
Could a kid walk into a supermarket and buy alcohol at a self service machine and walk out				
How to make an alcohol party under 25.00  I got the answer		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40zaF-DA9sY&feature=share after watching this buy jello cherry pack 1.00 cranberry juice 2.50 two liter sprite 2.00 sour juice mix 3.00 found in the alcohol section the alcohol should only cost 10.00 for a large vodka skol and two bags of jolly rancher candies 5.00 cherry jello shots - cherry jello + cherry vodka jolly blue monster drinks- blue raspberry vodka + sprite jolly rancher martinis- cranberry juice + watermelon vodka jolly sour apple martini - sour juice mix + green apple vodka jolly grape vodka jolly shots ALL 25.00 or less enjoy		
How does alcohol affect the brain		Like, how does it cause: Memory loss Difficulty walking/seeing Slow reaction times stuff like that, how does alcohol do that? ( i need answers quick, i need it for a big assignment)		
Does bologna and alcohol combined make you sick		Alright, so a couple of times I have eaten a bolonga sandwich before I went out and had a few drinks. Those times I always felt sort of sick when combined with alcohol. Are there any foods that are known to make you sick when combined with alcohol or was it just me? I usually do not feel bad when drinking		
What do I do about my alcoholic brother		Im 16 years old and living at home with my alcoholic brother. My brother is 18 and drinks everyday, he has no job and will drink anything he can get his hands on. My parents dont supply and keep no alcohol In the house. When he drinks he has a temper, threatens to hurt my boyfriend, verbally abuses my parents and He and pretty much does whatever he wants including singing and playing the same song over and over on repeat. He tells me to go kill myself or cut myself. I dont feel safe or happy anymore, Im scared to go home. My mom defends him and refuses to kick him out because shes afraid of what hell do. My dad is hardly ever home but pretty much ignores everyone when he is. I dont know what to do, Ive talked to school cousilors but I feel helpless and so unhappy, what can I do?		
Why is D insoluable in isopropyl alcohol		Please help! i dont really understand why its insoluable?		
How to deal with alcoholic parents		Its sad to say but my parents have a serious drinking problem and it breaks my heart. my childhood was not so gud like other lucky guys, i am watching this since my childhood both my mom and dad are addicted to alcohol.every night my dad used to abuse me and beaten me up after drinking that time i feel very unsafe and tried to kill myself manytimes. now i am 24 and they are stiil doing the same thing but now bcoz i am young enough he cant beat me but abuse mr a lot without any reason sometime he aabuse my sister and my mom too. every evening they loose control on themselve i tried to talk with them many times when they are sober but everthing is worthless i dont want to live with them anymore but theu are my patents i am emotionally attached with them i dont know what to do how to deal with situation. i am really feeling sad.		
Do my sisters and I have an alcohol problem		My dad is an alcoholic, my grandpa on my moms side died of alcoholism, my grandpa on my dads side had a severe drinking problem, my dads sister is an alcoholic and numerous other people within my family (cousins, aunts, uncles, etc...) all have problems with drinking. My mom has always warned us about the dangers of alcohol and one of her deepest fears is that one of us will become an alcoholic but I never thought you could become one based purely on genetics. I felt like you need to have a certain type of personality to become dependent on any substance like that. I never drank in high school because of that, but now that Im at college Ive adapted to the "binge drink every weekend" lifestyle and I have to admit....it doesnt really suit me very well. Literally every time I drink I end up blacking out and doing INSANE things that I never ever ever ever would even dream of doing sober. I hook up with multiple guys in one night, I start fights with my friends, I have meltdowns....and the worst/scariest part is, I DONT REMEMBER ANY OF IT. My recollection of anything like an hour or two after I start drinking is completely erased. I dont even know who is controlling me in those moments, because from what I hear, NONE of those actions is even close to the way I would act sober. I was a goody two shoes in hs, never even kissed a guy until I was 17 and now I start legitimately grabbing guys d**ks and basically give them handjobs in the middle of a crowded room. I dont know who I am when Im drunk, and I dont really think thats normal. The weird thing is, my older sister acts in the exact same ways as I do. She is known for her crazy blackout binges and has so many "crazy stories" from her nights at college. She also hooks up with so many guys in one night and shell hook up with her friends boyfriends or the roommate of the guy she had a thing with. We both have the tendency to sleep over random guyss houses when drunk (WHICH IS SCARY AND DANGEROUS!) and we both completely forget our allegiances to our friends, like when she hooked up with her friends boyfriend and just the other night I hooked up with the guy that one of my closest friends lost her virginity to. AND I DONT REMEMBER EVER DOING IT. and I dont know why I would ever do that. My other sister also has the slutty drunk tendencies but shes also way more of a lightweight than both of us so she gets shitfaced even quicker. and she seems to have the tendency to drink alone, which is slightly scary to me, I get the appeal of drinking at parties, but shell do it alone in her room when shes depressed. So do we have legit alcohol problems? Should I be worried? Should I stop drinking all together or just learn to control myself...? Thanks		
Alcohol withdrawal 16 yr old		I started my first drink and want to quit -blurryvision -optical illusions like dazing off seeing random **** and disapeers -shakyness I am not going to a doctor I just need help		
Did I accidentally make this lemonade alcoholic		Okay, so I had a bottle of non alcoholic sparkling lemonade, and last night I decided to pop in a strawberry into the bottle to make the lemonade sweeter and left it in the fridge. However, when I had some today, it made my head buzzy. Ive never had any alcoholic drinks so I dont know what alcohol feels like.		
Alcohol withdrawal shakiness help		Im 16 drank my first liquor mixed with coca cola w/caffeine and didnt like it. It was about 1/4 a Poland spring water botte. I drank about 1 bottle of it and just felt extremely shaky. Its been 2days since withdrawal and Im shaky what can I do to get rid of this shakiness?		
Have you ever brought your own alcohol to a restaurant if so, what kind was it and what state were u in				
Question about buying alcohol @ 21		Im turning 21 in 10 days and i only have my learners license as proof of age, will liquor stores accept it? i live in gainesville FL		
How many liters of a 14% alcohol solution must be mixed with 20 L of a 50% alcohol solution to get a 20%...		How many liters of a 14% alcohol solution must be mixed with 20 L of a 50% alcohol solution to get a 20% alcohol solution? Thank you.		
Paracetamol + Sleeping pills + Alcohol Effect Please help. Im so worried		Okay, I got this really close friend who was so depressed he drunk himself up and tooked sleepasil and paracetamol. Im so worried on what will happend to him, Is there any bad effects? Or will he die? He didnt overdose it just 1 pill each but hes so drunk that he puked before he took the med. Please help :(		
Allergic to alcohol....... need help!		SO I think im allergic to alcohol because when I drink at night by the next morning I wake up I get this itchy thingy at my back and once I itch it , it becomes red and becomes worst. Ive researched that I should take an antihistamine to lessen the pain. Should I take it or is it safe after drinking or should I just wait when the itch starts or what? or is there I should wait like 24 hrs or whatsoever		
Can I get help from the police department to stop using alcohol and intoxicants without going to jail		I have tried stopping using intoxicants and alcohol by all kinds of professional and group therapies. I need to get some of my privileges taken away for everybodys safety. I dont want to go to jail. The police department told me to go to the DMV and give up my drivers license, but I think if I can get it back I will very likely resume with my old habits. I need help with giving up certain privileges from authorities without punishment like jail. Is there anything I can do?		
Are there special banking methods that can help someone stop buying certain things like alcohol		I need banking help that will prevent myself from using cash in the wrong ways. Does anyone know how I can get help so that I dont use cash in the wrong ways?		
IS reaction between acetone and ethyl alcohol to give hemiacetal and ultimately acetal favourable			If reaction is not favourable, then what happens actually?	
Why does Fitzgerald include references to alcohol in The Great Gatsby		I have to write an essay about why and how he refers to alcoholism in the novel (authorial intention)		
I feel like I need alcohol in order to talk to people		Im really shy sober. Like obviously I talk but Im quiet and prefer to listen and not really take part in discussions. However, when Ive been drinking, I find it quite easy to talk to people and flirt. I really wish I was like my drunk self sober. How do I become less quiet and shy without drink?		
Is drinking alcohol in the context of the family in the US legal		Is 21 the age for *purchasing* alcohol in the United States or drinking it at all? I am attempting to ascertain whether drinking alcohol in the context of the family is culturally simply not the norm or is flat out illegal.	Additional Details Squid: I need to know about Pennsylvania. Thanks! Squid: I need to know about Pennsylvania. Thanks!	
Why do people say alcoholism runs in families				
Is it good to drink alcohol after tea		many people had talked about that its good to drink tea after alcohol but can anyone tell me that is it good to drink "Alcohol after consumption of tea ???" please i need true answer. Make yaself 100% sure before answering it :)		
The heat of vaporization of isopropyl alcohol, C3H7OH, is 42.1 kJ/mol. How many grams of water at 0oC could be		The heat of vaporization of isopropyl alcohol, C3H7OH, is 42.1 kJ/mol. How many grams of water at 0oC could be frozen to ice at 0oC by the evaporation of 357 grams of isopropyl alcohol? The heat of fusion of ice is 6.01 kJ/mol.		
Alcohols with sodium reactions		What are the relative descriptions of these reactions? Like are they fizzy, very fizzy or inert? (all these react with sodium) butan-1-ol methanol pentan-1-ol propan-1-ol (IMO the reactions become more effervescent as the alcohol size increases)		
So if you have food and alcohol the food just slows down the rate of the alcohol sinking in		Is that right?		
Smelling alcoholic drink Most of my friends drink		I can smell it sometimes - So is smelling Alcohol makrooh or forbidden	Additional Details Missy - I have known them for 10+ years - So yes I love them to death - Hassan - OK - BOBD - Thank you LOL @ Thing - Nah man Its not my thing - Im good with my papers and flowers Missy - When you get a job offer here in US - HMU - I have a surprise for you HMU means hit me up - Oh yeah for sure - I really would like you to relocate too OMG - dude the other day I was thinking about visiting Qatar (swear to God) - I want to move there too yes - I have been to canada a lot of time my taya lives there.	
Lots od alcohol in one day		Hi all, its 23.06 uk time, ive been drinking since 1 pm. ive drunk a whole 70 cl of jack daniels with coca cola and a quater bottle of smirnoff vodka 1 litre. .. its a day of celebration and ive only just realised ive drunk loads today..I like having a drink but today ive drunk loads. ...ive stopped now.but im just worried ive drunk too much. ... what do u think? Am i ok? Im not really drunk. I think its because I can handle my drink...but still im worried ive drunk loads!! Let me know what u think. .thanks in advance....		
Can you die if you overdose on tylenol and alcohol together				
Is this an acceptable substitute for alcohol in pasta dishes		I purchased a recipe book involving pasta dishes and I noticed a few required white or red wine, vodka, cognac, etc. I know you can substitute alcohol with beef or chicken brought, but I was wondering if I could purchase non-alcoholic white or red wine and use that in the recipe. Would that change the flavor in any way? I have never tasted a dish with an alcoholic beverage in the sauce such as penne alla vodka so Im curious. Thank you!	Additional Details Wow, my brain just had a malfunction. BROTH NOT BROUGHT! I dont have time to go to the liquor store and its much cheaper at my local grocery store. Im a student, I cant afford expensive things in my current situation, but I believe in learning to cook and feed ones self. Im sorry to have upset you.	
Should we install purple flashing lights on car roofs for vehicle that have detected alcohol		We could stop paying for check stops. If you see purple flashing light just pull over and give the guy some room. Pedestrians could move away a bit. Just install detection device on steering wheel.		
Low percentage, good tasting alcohol		Hey guys I was just looking for some low percentage but yummy alcohols. I love sour puss so anything like that? And also if you could tell me if the alcohol mixes well with anything that would be great, like Malibu coconut rum with pineapple juice. Thanks a bunch.		
Why do bigger alcohols combust less cleanly		bigger alcohols are more likely to undergo incomplete combustion, why?		
Why does a college interview me about drugs and alcohol		There is a local collage here,ASU, which I dont attend nor has my family, interviews me every year about drugs and alcohol. Everything there is confidential and I am not supposed to talk about what it is they asked during the interview or what they do. But it isnt crazy or anything. They have little tests that they do and they ask me if Ive drank or done drugs. Why do they do this? They pay me every time they come. usually around $70 per interview. My mom does it too and my dad and I believe my grandpa might? Ive done it since i was little and Im "stuck" in this program. My sister isnt in it though and my mom is adamant that she never is. When I was little I remember I had to go there and they hooked me up to a heart monitor and basically told me to pretend I was an astronaut. Thats all I remember, then they took me out of the room and let me pick a toy from a big chest full of stuff and they told me I wasnt allowed to tell anyone what happened here and I agreed. Years later I asked my mom about it and she told me they sat me down and had me watch a video of a little girl burning. I dont remember it at all, but why would they do that? And what is it for? Anyone have any ideas??		
Does alcohol make you funnier or stupider				
Can I distill homebrewed alcohol with salt (NaCl)		My apple juice is getting fermented right now with bakers yeast (Fleischmanns). After the completation, is it possible to distill the alcohol and the apple juice with NaCl salt?	Additional Details @oikoo When you have a brain, you have the capacity of accomplishing it. I want to distill it so that I can preserve my alcohol longer.	
Can you get drunk off non-alcoholic beers		If someone gives you beer but you dont know that its alcohol-free, can you still get drunk?		
How do I beat my high alcohol tolerance		I have only recently (in the last couple of years) started drinking and it seems no matter how much I drink, I dont feel a thing. I dont have a massive group of friends or anything that EXPECT me to be able to join them but I have a best friend whom I like to drink with sometimes. I have, at home, drunk a full 2-litre bottle of Cidre to myself, PLUS 4 shots of Jagermeister... and I feel fairly normal... That doesnt seem right to me... What doesnt make sense is, Im underweight... It doesnt bother me, but I am underweight so alcohol should affect me more. Im a size 6 in womens clothing (Im transgender, deal with it) and yet somehow I seem invulnerable to alochol. Im type 1 diabetic too.... so as you can imagine my det and alcohol intake would be ****** from the start... but.... Could that have something to do with it? I mean, tonight Ive had a very large amount of a bottle of cider and 4 shots of Jagermeister... Basic knowledge tells me I should be wasted and yet... Im not, Yallready know how small I am so I dont get why I have such high tolerance to alchohol... even my mom cant believe it (she thinks Im inhuman or something...) It doesnt bother me so much as I dont understand it.... While everybody else is drunk, Im "normal" What would you recommend? Imm at a lost of what to do but I hate feeling weak to other "hiccups" Thank you very much, Kai		
Whats the most popular NON alcoholic drinks to chase liquor		Whats the most popular NON alcoholic drinks to chase CLEAR alcohols VODAKS, GINs ect... all input is helpful. Thank you		
What do you usually feel like, and feel like doing after drinking alcohol				
Can overdosing on alcohol kill you				
How does alcohol make YOU feel				
Lactation and effect of alcohol		I had to find 5 symptoms of alcohol during lactation and I found these: Drowsiness Diaphoresis Deep sleep Weekness Now, I need to say why it happens and I cant find them :/ any help?		
Would you consider alcohol rape to be rape		I would NOT.consider that to be rape. The perpetrator too could be drunk. If a person is so much concerned with it, then he or she should avoid getting to much drunk.	Additional Details @ Hannah I mean consent when someone is drunk. I am not talking about force here. @ TBB The key word here is "unconcscious ". I am talking about drunk and conscious.	
Alcohol and tattoo help ...		I was just wondering if anyone would be able to help me or give me a rough answer ... I am booked in for a tattoo this Saturday 01/02/14 at 12:30 pm but I am going out the night before and I know that drinking alcohol thins your blood which isnt good when being tattooed so my question is how much is one roughly able to drink the night before being tattooed without blood being too thin etc?		
Why is not hypocritical to tell teens they cant smoke pot and then use alcohol as a reasoning		Many people say pot is safe, not addictive, cant overdose on it, has many benefits, and you can do many things while high like drive and attend college. Yet the main reason adults give to kids that it is like alcohol. That is ironic since most (especially pot supporters) say pot is better and safer than alcohol.	Additional Details There are plenty who think driving while high is safe and some say they drive better while high. Kathy, So how do you explain to your kids why they shouldnt smoke pot, since you said if they did use recreational drugs you rather them use weed. By the way the fact that you are a teacher, volunteer, and runner is not relevant. It means nothing other than a vain attempt to persuade.	
Some ppl hate dogs bc they got bit by one, some ppl hate alcohol bc they puked when they drank it		homophobes hate gay ppl bc_____________________????		
What do they do when you go to the hospital for alcohol poisoning		I was taken to hospital and I want to know what they did to me because im embarrassed, would they monitor my heart and would they put my on my side? Last thing I remembered was being in the ambulance then remember waking up at the hospital with my parent overlooking me. What would they have done to me>? im self very self-conscious <SEMCOL>(		
Is vodka just a mixture of water and alcohol				
Does alcohol kill head lice				
Creatine and Nitrocel with alcohol		My friend took Nitrocel and Creatine before his workout this morning, he had 3 or so beers and is not feeling well, are they bad to mix?		
Why are electrophysiological abnormalities most pronounced in alcohol-dependent people who also have a diagnos		Why are electrophysiological abnormalities most pronounced in alcohol-dependent people who also have a diagnosis of illicit drug abuse or dependence?		
I cant stand the taste of alcohol		I find the taste of it way too bitter and it feels like its burning my throat. Its not the taste of the drink its in. Ive had nonalcoholic beer ad it tasted okay. Even when I have it in sangria or some kind of sweet drink it tastes too gross. Are there any kinds of alcohol that dont have that bitter and burning taste to it? If anyone else also tastes alcohol this way can they explain why it tastes this way to me?		
Atheists, do you approve of businesses being able to sell alcohol on Sundays				
Alcohol with mononucleosis		So I got mono and the symptoms are gone since 2-1/2 weeks ago. I know Im not supposed to drink alcohol until 4-6 weeks after. How bad would it be if I drink like two beers tonight? I just enjoy having a beer and Im going to a party tonight so...		
Is my alcohol tolerance higher than normal		so a couple weeks ago was the first time I drank in my life. I drank one whole 750ml bottle of vodka that was 35% alcohol by volume. over the course of 3 hours. I did get pretty drunk, but I could control myself, and walk fine, and I never felt like I had to barf or black out. so I didnt get super drunk, just drunk. is being able to handle a whole bottle of vodka the first time you drink normal? also I did not have a hangover, I had a small headache, but nothing bad. I think its because I drank a sip of coke every time I took a sip of vodka. but Im not share. why do you think my hangover wasnt bad.	Additional Details oh yea i forgot. I am 17, 61" and way 160 pounds	
How do you know if you are prone to alcohol abuse		I have been told by a psychologist I may be prone to addiction to alcohol. I drink it on weekends, but lately i have noticed that I tend to drink until i am drunk. To me that seems normal, since I see my friends reach the same level. Either we all are alcoholics or I am thinking too much into this.		
What do you like doing when youre drinking alcohol				
Alcohol, smoking and depression.		My boyfriends mother likes to drink alcohol.Over the last 3 years she has cut down to drinking about twice a week.She will begin at maybe 2pm, drinking through til the am.She also smokes alot too and is on anti-depressant medication. She attempts suicide about once a year for the last 12years.She stil has kids at home age 10- 17. She has had doctors and psychiatric nurses to come speak with her where she says she gonna make changes but as soon as the nurses leave she hits the bottle again. We are increasingly worried about her drinking, state of mind and now her weight ( 6stone overweight, bmi of 33) Everytime she goes to see her gp she comes back saying her health is fine, blood pressure is fine, cholesterol is fine and apparently doctor has advised her not to stop smoking or drinking as it could worsen her depression.Is it possible for a woman of 50 with this lifestyle to be as healthy as she tells us her doctor says?	Additional Details Yes I agree with you both, We always had in our heads that theres no way a Doctor would say that but if we argue on anything this woman tells us she gets her paranoid head on and assumes we are just starting a huge argument with her.She always goes to her appointments alone.Her husband always says that getting her checked in a hospital would be the end of her as they wuld pump her full of meds and she would end up not knowing who or where she was.Not a supportive husband or father in my opinion.	
Im writing a story about a suicide do think blood thinners, alcohol and a x-acto knife is realistic way 				
Negative effects of alcohol consumption during pregnancy and breastfeeding.		Can anyone help me pls why these effects happen ? Drowsiness Diaphoresis Deep sleep Weakness Abnormal weight gain		
During the prohibition era; did the north or south drink more alcohol		Where was alcohol popular during the prohibition?		
Can workout supplements cause a False positive on a drug test for alcohol and narcotics		Im on probation for a DUI and am suppose to get drug tested for alcohol and narcotics. I am currently trying to get back on my workout regiment and was wondering if any over the counter supplements cause false positives on a drug test. I am currently taking: creatine, hydroxycut hardcore elite, a test booster, and whey protein. I think the drug test looks for liver enzymes in the fluid and am not sure if they are looking for a specific enzyme or if they are looking for increased enzymes period.		
Is is an accurate generality to say that *most* womens libido increases with alcohol consumption		Ive been having an email debate on this. A woman this week on GS commented that she is hornier than usual with a little buzz (not the same person Im debating) Lets put this in perspective. It is not in refernce to a man trying to make a woman so drunk she will just comply. This is about a woman already with a guy who drinks a little and just gets buzzed. She tends to get friskier than normal. Id even estimate 3/4 or more of women are like this (if she is in good health and not allergic to alcohol or things in them...like gluten in beer).		
I want to feel drunk or out of this world without alcohol		Greetings there, Im a 16 year old male whos going through a hard time in life. Ive been failing all my exams recently, getting bullied for no reason, friends just moving away from me because apparently they found better ones. Anyway I used to take the anger on myself and I would start cutting until my mom found out and started to freak out etc etc so I promised not to do it again. Although I dont cut I still self harm myself by biting etc. As of now I feel lost in life, and I just want to escape normal life, I used to play so much video games hours and hours while drinking redbull, thats until i got banned because apparently my friends thought it would be funny if they all report me, anyway, i want an escape out of this life, is there a way? i thought of drugs and alcohol but i know its bad, and im scared i might eventually do it because i remember that twice i was put to sleep because of dislocating my shoulder while playing basketball, and the feeling i get after i wake up is just amazing, i feel free, not giving a crap about anything, and just happy, so i wish i can get this feeling back somehow, is there a way? (please dont tell me to talk to my parents or find new friends because my image is already ruined, and dont tell me to have a gf because I tried caring for that one girl who at the end turned out to be using me and would always go back to her ex so i gave up besides adding just info, im ugly, not fat, but hair and face wise, im ugly as **** and what hurts more is that i get bullied on daily basis for being polite and kind-hearted)		
Is Mixing motion sickness tablets and alcohol a good idea		So I was speaking to my friend, who was grounded because her mum found motion sickness tablets in her bag. I was really confused as to why she was when she told me her mum is a substance abuse specialist and she said she thought she had "joy riders". Basically she went on to say that if you mix motion sickness tablets with vodka you get high - like acid high I just wanted to know how true this was because I was confused because I always thought mixing medicine and alcohol was a bad idea So can you tell me if this will make you high or drunk really easily Or if it will make you ill? And if you know, why is it called joy riders? Thanksssss		
Does alcohol make you more social				
Can taking tylenol with alcohol kill you		I need to know		
Im 20 can I drink alcohol in my house		Okay I dont live with my parents, I live in a house with my friends (roommates) and Im the youngest. I turn 21 in 3 months (not that its relevant). But if we are in our house and on our property, if I were to consume alcohol inside the house is it legal? Because the last place I lived I was drunk and the police got called on my roommates music so I was talking to one of the cops and i even admitted I was drunk and they never once referenced it or threatened to arrest me so Im just curious.		
Is alcohol an appropriate gift for a service provider		I received superior service from a mechanic whom I hardly know and would like to thank him with something other than cash. Would a bottle of whiskey be appropriate? (I always think alcohol is a good gift, but I realize some people dont drink.) If this isnt a good idea, any suggestions as to what might be?		
Will weed in Colorado be required to have warning labels like cigarettes and alcohol		Should it?	Additional Details Weed sold in licensed dispensaries What about legal warnings	
Typical amount of money to give someone for an alcohol run		Ive never been to a party before and someone is offering to do an alcohol run for me and my friends. How much should I give her? Just enough for vodka and a chase?		
Is alcohol banned in all Muslim countries 				
Can alcohol "whiskey" slow your brain		In your opinion can whiskey have a negative affect on your brain? Of course that depends on how much you drink. I usually have a glass with coke a day. Is that bad?	Additional Details Tikimaskedman. I dont drink myself drunk, I just enjoy a drink every now and then. Thanks. I understand it now. Moderate not excessive. Cheers.	
Should alcohol be banned 				
What are some delicious alcoholic drinks		My girlfriend wont drink with me because all my alcohol "tastes terrible". What are some delicious drinks i can make for her on a budget, that dont really taste like alcohol? Im trying to enjoy drinking with my soulmate with out pressuring her into drink something that she wont enjoy. C:		
What makes an alcoholic an alcoholic		OK. so i have this friend, who... drinks alot. like everynight. Because hes very lonley, and he wants to die. And alcohol ruins his grades, work habits, and relationships. Like, he seriously loved this amazing girl who really loved him back, but couldnt be with her cause hes a complete asshole when hes drinking. And she was this amazing super talented girl who completely made his day. She was the only thing he loved more than life itself. He always drank before but only because he was lonley. But by the time he met her. He couldnt stop. And he still cant stop. But he wouldve stopped if she wouldve gave him the choice. But she didnt, she just left a note saying how she couldnt take the fact that he was killing himself and being mean to her so much BUT HE NEVER TRIED TO HURT HER. and it was never physically. Everytime he did it, he felt horrible the next day. And he never saw her again. now he drinks alone most nights, because hes basically lonely. Is he an alcoholic? What is an alcoholic?		
Its ok to drink alcohol the person there is chickenpox what is the side effect of this thank you				
Blood test alcohol result		#ME?		
Can you drink alcohol the night before you get a tongue piercing		I am getting my tongue pierced tomorrow (venom bites) and I wanted to know if it will okay to drink alcohol tonight? I know alcohol thins the blood but apart form that, would there be any other reasons not to drink? Would the piercer refuse to pierce it? Before anyone starts, yes, I know Im going to get hate for getting a tongue piercing but Im just asking about the complications, not to get abuse. Thanks :)		
Name of different alcohols		I turned 21 in August last year and I didnt go to the bar with my family and friends because I dont know what to order. So can someone list all the alcohols that I should know for ex: bloody mary, sex on the beach..ect		
Calories consumed via alcohol should evaporate, is it correct 				
How could I hide alcohol in a bag that will be searched 		Im going to go on a week long school trip in the summer and we had hoped to bring alcohol with us but our teacher has forbidden us from doing so even though some of us are 18 years old. She will be searching our bags as soon as we get off the bus. Any ideas on a good way to hide it in the bag ?		
Why do prisoners drink Hand Sanitizer in jail, is this what the stink is about what I am hearing about alcohol		Being in the news? Yes I finished all of my chores and there is no psychology category.		
How much pressure is in a alcohol still		How much PSI (Pressure) does a 15L of alcohol have?		
Why can Tobacco and alcohol can legally be used by adults, but cannabis remains an illegal drug		(A) How can campaigners suggest that taking cannabis should be made legal? (B) Suggest two reasons why the Government recommends that people do not binge drink for?		
Would it be ok if i cleaned my new gauged ears with peroxide or rubbing alcohol				
What alcoholic drinks dont taste like alcohol		Name alcoholic beverages that taste good but as if it have no alcohol. I need a buzz but I dont like the taste of alcohol.		
Name me some alcoholic drinks that dont taste like alcohol		Name alcoholic beverages that taste good but as if it have no alcohol. I need a buzz but I dont like the taste of alcohol.		
Why does it often reach hitting rock bottom for an alcoholic to seek treatment				
Public Intoxication Minor while on alcohol probation. What happens now		I was charged with Minor in Consumption about 3 months ago. Consequences were fine, 12 hour community service, alcohol awareness class, and 6 months probation. Since it was a first misdemeanor, no probation officers were assigned. I got charged with Public Intoxication Minor last night and spend the night in jail. I paid the bail ($375) and now I have to show up to court in 15 days. My question is, would they revoke the probation? Im hoping the judge would just extend the probation period. I dont know what to expect... The police officer did not give me a breathalyzer nor read my Miranda rights. But it seems so much of hassle to fight back. Would they send me to jail for violating the probation?	Additional Details I live at Texas by the way.	
When one is an alcoholic does the alcohol help their emotional problem that they starting drinking due to		Even though the alcoholism is dangerous?		
Do you drink alcohol when you feel depressed			I drink beer to drown my sorrows away, it sometimes help better than the medication i take	
How does drinking alcohol affect someone with ocd				
What would happen if an under 18 drank alcohol in a place he hired (UK)		I read that its legal in the UK for an under 18 to drink alcohol at home or a private place. But what about a place he hires for a day?	Additional Details I dont mean a working place. I mean an actual place to hire.	
If Im a regular drinker, why am I experiencing symptoms of "alcohol flush syndrome" or allergy		I tanned today which I dont due often, then went home a drank a glass and a half of some cheap Italian red wine. Suddenly, my face got hot and I have red blotches all over my face neck and chest. I drink almost every night so Im not sure why this would happen if I was born with this alcohol flush that Asians have. Im Russian. Please help.		
Why do adult children of an alcoholic learn to distrust each other				
Zanax 1mg and alcohol		I have a prescribed dose of Xanax Im supposed to take 2 times a day but tend to only take it as needed sometimes I wont take it for a week if I dont have an attack so I have a blue 1mg oval zanax pill I was going to use if I got a panic attack (they have been going away) but I drank two drinks today at a bar because my birthday was a few days ago and I wanted to celebrate (I dont hardly drink) but I drank two drinks and im a little tipsy and feel an attack coming on and am trying not to take the pill but was wondering if worst came to worst could I take it? and what could be the outcome of taking Xanax while intoxicated? thank you so much for your time... and please no ignorant answers ((if I wanted a dumb answer I would have asked a dumb question)) 5 stars best answer!! thanks!!		
Dont drink alcohol. My mom died when i was 13 years old cause she was an alcoholic and died drunk driving				
What happens if I dont ferment alcohol		Ive got beer yeast, what would happen if a few mates and myself got spoons of it, put it into glasses, mixed it with cold water and drank it like that? Whats the worse that could happen?		
Cheap drinks with alcohol		My friend and I are going to the hotel with our bfs for Valentines day. We want to get drinks but my friend and I dont like strong alcohol but we dont really have a lot of money. What are some drinks or mixed drinks we can get? What are some good drink mixes?		
What can happen if you take two 10mg valium pills with alcohol				
Is there any research to show that renters tend to spend a larger portion of income on alcohol than homeowner		I am curious as to whether my observances that people who rent tend to spend a higher portion of income on alcohol, cigarettes/tobacco and other sinful products? I am a student so obviously if I look around at my peers I will see a strong bias confirming this statement but from my observances older renters spend a greater percentage of income (consuming just as much or more alcohol while tending to earn less) on booze and partying than those who discipline themselves more and get a mortgage (or much less likely buy right out) to finance a property with their name on the owners slip. Is this trend isolated to my area, do I misinterpret people around me, or does this generally hold true to the difference between tenants and homeowners?	Additional Details Note that I both acknowledge that I am in a stage in life where people tend to party a lot and I state that even older tenants seem to spend a larger portion of income on alcohol, etc. I would even go as far as observing that parents who own their homes tend to provide a more secure environment and raise their children better. I am asking if my observational hypothesis are valid or if Im wrong. What Im being told is what I already know. Note that I both acknowledge that I am in a stage in life where people tend to party a lot and I state that even older tenants seem to spend a larger portion of income on alcohol, etc. I would even go as far as observing that parents who own their homes tend to provide a more secure environment and raise their children better. I am asking if my observational hypothesis are valid or if Im wrong. What Im being told is what I already know.	
What is your belief of the alcohol and drug culture on campus What are the dangers of drinking games How do		What is your belief of the alcohol and drug culture on campus? What are the dangers of drinking games? How do you best define "binge drinking?" Should school campuses be "dry"? Why, or why not? Should students be responsible for reporting drug use?		
Isnt alcohol a depressant		idky i try to drink that to make me feel better. it actually made me feel worse. maybe i drank too much. ill stick with weed...i think its the general idea that alcohol is an antidepressant.		
I quit alcohol now some family members are calling me names what do i do		they keep calling me a ****** and harassing me and saying whyd i quit alcohol, and i dont love them... i was addicted to alcohol and it was ruining my life, i was sad and alcohol didnt change anything, i keep telling them, but they are not happy with me changing, should i kick their asses cos its really at the point i cant handle it. my phone is being spammed with obscene messages and pics, they are spamming my facebook wall, i need help... these are my family!! not even the bully i had bullied me this hard	Additional Details all 3 of you gave me good answers and i dont know who to pick :(	
Can acetone be used instead of alcohol in a cloud chamber does it work fairly well please need answer			Additional Details ANy substitute for the supersaturated alcohol?	
What exactly is an eggnog, I hear it as an alcoholic drink but dont know what it is exactly				
Why do some argue that I shouldnt be able to get a gun but that I should be on alcohol; Im 18		Ive read that some argue I shouldnt be able to get a gun, which I can, but that I should be allowed to drink alcohol first. Why? Whats more dangerous and threatening to your life?.		
Pregnancy, post gastric bypass, plus alcohol.		In May last year, my son was full term still born. We had a perfect pregnancy and followed everything by the book. My husbands sister in law was pregnant at the same time, had a gastric bypass (she didnt need it. She was only 50 pounds overweight but too lazy to lose the weight naturally) and then drank through the pregnancy. Her son was born premature, had sunken chest, and lots of digestion problems. He is now almost a year old. She is now pregnant again, around 15 weeks. Has been drinking again, and has already lost her mucus plug. They are saying she will probably lose the baby. I hate anyone having to go through losing a child, but is it wrong of me to not be kissing up to her? When my husband and I first met, she spread rumors to the family about me and Id never even met her and she knew none of my friends. I feel like she has brought this all on herself. Am I wrong?	Additional Details I should expand and say, I am also currently pregnant again and my husbands parent are trying to guilt trip us for not going and sacking up to her. She never even told us she was sorry when our baby was full term still born. I never said I wished harm on her or the child. But should I really feel guilty and suffer stress during my pregnancy because she was drinking (may not be my business but when my in laws are forcing the information down my throat it makes it be my business) and doing Molly while pregnant and having had a surgery that causes those things to be stronger in her system and thereforethe bbabys system.	
Alcoholism/Substance Problem		Hey everyone, so I have a question/maybe a problem. Ive been stressed out most of life, since I was in high school. No particular reason for it either I guess. I was a great athlete throughout high school and felt pretty good most of the time except for anxiety some of the time. I started drinking around junior year. Thats when I realized that I LOVE alcohol. It relaxed me even in situations when I shouldnt have been stressed out. I was in high school for Christs sake. Whats there to be stressed about? Im a junior in college now and have drank throughout a better part of my college career. Almost every night even if its just 1 or 2 drinks helps me relax and get to sleep. The weekends I have more, around 5-6. With some roommate issues and a not so tough major, I really dont see why I should be drinking. If I dont though, I get stressed out easily and have some anxiety issues. Anyways, I guess Im trying to ask if I should seek some help. If not for the minor drinking issue, then for the anxiety maybe?	Additional Details Oh and I constantly worry about my health like I have some deadly disease all the time.	
Why is it alcohol is legal but drugs are illegal		In my opinion they are both as bad		
How many beers do you have to drink before you are considered an alcoholic		I mean per day.		
Could alcohol be a problem if I belong to a book club that only reads wine labels				
Recovering Alcoholic boyfriend. Am I being selfish		So let me elaborate. My boyfriend and I have been dating for about 5 years. We have had some rocky patches and have been dealing with his alcohol addiction. He had recently gotten two DUIs and obviously gotten himself into serious trouble. Prior to this I have been what you call an enabler. I have gone and gotten him when he was so drunk in random places. I have babied and nursed him when he was hungover and offered to pay for things when he could not. He will be doing jail time and needs to go to rehab. I have agreed to stay with him every step of the way and help any way I can. Since his DUIs, he has gone to AA meetings on his own accord (I had begged him to go before). I was very pleased to when he said he really liked them and has been going everyday sometimes twice a day. He also has re enrolled in college to finish his degree online ( He only has one semester left to graduate). I am very happy to see he is working hard to make his life better however, he has become extremely occupied. He doesnt want me to come to the meeting because he feels it will make him or others uncomfortable. All he talks about now is his schooling and the people he meets at these meetings. Which I ask him about and encourage as much as possible. But now I feel sidelined in his life. I feel like Im not important anymore. I have even thought how much easier it would be to date someone whos not an alcoholic. I do not drink AT ALL. I have no desire for it. Which makes me a good mate for my man. Am I selfish for being upset about feeling unimportant and not included? I feel guilty for this because he is bettering himself and I know its what he needs. I just thought in a healthy relationship I am suppose to be a priority just like I have made him mine.		
Last week my friend called me out for using alcohol as an "excuse" to say how I felt		I admitted that I liked him when I was drunk, which I would have never done if I were sober at the time. He seemed all indignant, saying that you should never use alcohol as an excuse to express yourself. I was VERY drunk. First of all, do you think its okay to say that was wrong of me, even though I was under the influence? I mean, I didnt make the conscious decision to use alcohol as an excuse<SEMCOL> I didnt plan to do that and I actually didnt want him to know right away. Secondly, should I tell him that I think he took it the wrong way and that "excuse" isnt the right word, or should I just apologize and move on? Im trying to see things from his point of view but its hard. Thank you		
Is cetearyl alcohol in shampoo bad for your hair				
How was alcohol made in ancient times		How did ancient civilisations make wine and beer, where did they get their yeast from and how did they do it with all the machines and technology.		
Alcoholic beverages for light weight		My girlfriend is my age (19), but shes reeeeally tiny! I think shes about 52 and weighs about 100 lbs. She insists on drinking at my birthday party in a few weeks even though shes a total lightweight as well as Chinese, and Ive heard that its very common for people of Asian descent being unable to hold their alcohol as well as most and to get drunk faster. She got drunk once before off of 2 Bacardi Breezers and a few sips of Sour Puss and she was totally out of it. I think she was only drinking for like 2 hours but her face was really red and she even got a little sick afterwards before going to sleep! :c Im just worried that she wont be able to handle it again this time so I need to know any light drinks that taste good so that she can have fun this time. I really dont want her to drink but shes very stubborn and theres no fighting her on this, so please give me some suggestions :) Ahh, I almost forgot, she wants something that tastes good! No alcohol taste or beer.. strictly fruity, tasty, "girly" drinks please. Thanks!	Additional Details @TexHabs I live in Canada so actually, yes it is legal.	
Would you enjoy marijuana or alcohol more			Additional Details I cannot do marijuana because it is against the law where I am but I enjoy alcohol, how about others? I cannot do marijuana because it is against the law where I am but I enjoy alcohol, how about others?	
What do i do with over 200 bottles of alcohol		According to tradition in Russia, when you visit your doctor you give him either chocolate or a bottle of alcohol, any type of alcohol except beer. You dont give him beer. My father is a doctor and in America this Russian tradition carries over. In my house we have over 200 bottles of alcohol. Wines, Vodkas, champhagnes, whiskeys, cognacs, scotch, and other alcoholic beverages, i dont remember what theyre all called. Ive looked at stores that sell alcohol and some of these bottles range from $20 to $3000+. So we have tens of thousands of dollars worth of alcohol in the house. I cant sell it since you cant sell alcohol without a license and we dont drink alcohol, just wine sometimes. What do we do with all of it? Cant just throw it away? What to do?	Additional Details We wont open our own bar business. We all work and have no time for a bar business.	
Why do people think marijuana should be legalized because its safer than alcohol		I mean yes, it is, but why not thinking alcohol should be banned too instead of thinking marijuana should be legalized?		
Tylenol 1s and alcohol.		I never take medication and hardly drink but I took 2 tylenol 1s about an hour ago for a headache. The headache has gone....and now I want to go out with my friends and drink and have some fun. Is it safe do me to do this?		
Why do I not feel any emotions when my alcoholic mother gets drunk		So long story short my mum has been an alcoholic for about 10 years and its mostly all I can remember her being like for most of my life (Im 19 now). Me and my family have been trying for years to help her but she wont meet us halfway. For the past few months though I thought we were really breaking through to her and got to to the doctors and this year shes been off alcohol for about a week and a half. It was bliss and was like having my amazing mother back but for the past few days shes been drinking again although she was denying it and blaming it on strong paracetamol for her back. I didnt believe this story so Ive been nagging her all day to tell me to truth. Tonight she was pretty drunk so I was keeping an eye on her and saw her fall over outside after having a fag, I managed to get her up and indoors and shes hurt her arm. Thats when she admitted she was drinking again. Stuff like this has happened before and its usually on a Friday night when me and my dad are working lates. I come home first so I usually have to deal with her. Now to my question, I used to get extremely upset and distressed by this but now I feel nothing. I feel like what whats happened that I should be crying but Im not... I just feel nothing at all. I was angry at first that she was lying and was worrying about her arm but I just dont feel bothered about it at all. Is this normal? Sorry about the major life story but I needed a bit of background info for my question. Thanks to anyone who answers.	Additional Details Sorry the *** was my shortening of cigarette lol	
Why do I all of a sudden like the taste of alcohol		I never used to like alcohol. I thought it tasted weird but today I had some beer and it was the best thing I ever tasted. Now I understand why other people drink so much.		
Is it possible to only be allergic to one type of alcohol		I have no existing food allergies that I know Id but the two times I have drank pinnacle vodka I have gotten hives on my face. This reaction doesnt happen with any other type of alcohol. Any idea whats going on?		
Took xanax earlier today. Is it safe to drink alcohol		Im prescribed xanax because I have aspergers and bad anxiety. Today I took 0.25 mg at about 2 pm. Now its around 8 pm and me and my friends are going out soon. Is it safe for me to drink alcohol now?		
What makes an alcoholic super nice and/or super moody				
Im alcohol free and smoke Ive got a question to people who never did drugs, its important		I need some help from your perspective. I dont really know how to maximize my happiness to the world and people around me. I can do that, but I suppose I lack the strong connection. Im totally done with everything, so being sober is really different. I feel so calm, everything does. Im 23 years old. What is it in your life over a period of years, that you remember is happy to your life and lasts in your heart for a long time? How do you find extreme happiness when you are sober? What keeps you people going on and happily?		
How long to wait to drink alcohol after using heroin		If one was to sniff 1-2 bags how long would they wait to safely drink alcohol?		
First affense on minor consuming alcohol what are the consequenses		Hi i was wondering if anyone knows the consecquenteses for a 17 year old first affense consuming alcohol in alaska please just need to know what to i never been in trouble with the law in my life		
What is the study of alcohol and drugs		Im thinking about majoring in something to do with the study of alcohol or drugs.. illegal drugs everything about them. What do i major in to become them? help pleaseeeee		
What percentage of alcohol is my drink		I have 6 cans of 12 fl ounce cans of Canadian (72 ounces) 5.1% alcohol a half a litre of 40% vodka (approx. 17 fluid ounces) and one 12 ounce can of lemonade concentrate (0% alcohol) all mixed together what alcohol percentage does all of this average out to?		
Cant go party because of alcohol		My cousin is having a party at her house. There are no parents supervising. My parents dnt want to let me go because everyone will be drinking there so it is a bad influence. I am 16 and I understand that they worry, but I know that I am responsible. I wnt get drunk just because they all will but my parents think I will. The thing is, I am not gonna go anymore, its too late. Just, its gonna be rubbed in my face all over facebook seeing photos and everyone will talk about it. What do I do? It is gonna do my head in. I am very upset. Please help?!		
I want the strangest flavors(fruits,vegetables, candy) anything that can infuse into alcohol, suggestions		I am infusing vodka drinks and I want some wild stuff to try/drink or just have. Any/all suggestions are appreciated. Itll help improve my bar. c:		
What if i dont have money to pay alcohol fine		So i got caught with alcohol in my room in college its a dry campus... The fine will be 100$ i only have 30 $ & no job bc i dont have a car. do u think when i talk to the dean they will be lenient? I have no idea what to do.		
Caught with alcohol on campus		So i got caught with alcohol in my room in college its a dry campus... The fine will be 100$ i only have 30 $ & no job bc i dont have a car. do u think when i talk to the dean they will be lenient? I have no idea what to do.		
If alcohol is a class 1 carcinogen why is there no warning on the products like tobacco		It is reported in todays Daily Telegraphy that alcohol is a clinically classified class 1 carcinogen which not many people know, we all know cigarettes cause cancer and carry a health warning, but shouldnt a health warning be on alcohol products as well?		
My fianc is addicted to drugs alcohol and tobacco, what can I do to help...		So Im currently 9months pregnant, my fianc was trying to get clean before the baby is here. He admits to being addicted to alcohol, painkillers and tobacco. I thought I helped him kick his pain killer habit, he wasnt into it too bad but definitely made excuses to get more, would take 2 or 3 at a time and would eat the rest if he got drunk. Now he says he takes about half a pill, (varying mg) when he hurts but he is constantly in pain still and its hard to believe on my part, I feel as if its an excuse and he goes through them just as fast as before and he wont hand them over to me so I can hand them out to him (which was his idea initially and mutually agreed on). Now he is increasingly sneaky and avoiding the subject but he never lies to me about taking them if I ask, its just hard for him to admit I believe. He gave himself a date (New Years day) to stop drinking but has yet to have one sober day. Sometimes he cuts back but the moment I make a comment of being proud or a sexual incentive or even without any direct reassurance he goes back to his old ways. In my opinion this will be his hardest addiction to kick. He has now gotten an electronic cigarette and after 1 day has already made numerous excuses to not use the e-cig, and has gotten wasted and smoked 2 packs tonight. Im scared of being over bearing or nagging but I would love to see him succeed. Mind you, none of this was initially brought up by me, I just expressed my appreciation after his initial admittance to his addictions and his willingness to rid his life of them. I feel he may need more support than himself or even a friend but his stubbornness and excuses seem to get in the way. Does anyone have any suggestions for me or for him. I have tried to make it a delicate situation so Im not trying to bring it up all the time but please help if any one has better experience than I do. I hate to see him suffer and I hate to be useless so any suggestions are more than welcome!!! Also Im not willing to give him an ultimatum like many of my friends have suggested, I want him to do this for him and his daughter not for me but it would be nice if I had a sober driver to the hospital.		
Does this supplement contains Alcohol		Hi<SEMCOL> For religious reasons I dont drink anything that contains Alcohol. hence, I need you help to decide if this supplement contains Alcohol: http://astore.amazon.com/wwwgrowingyou-20/detail/B002SE3E86 In its description, its wriiten:" trans-resveratrol from red wine matrix " Does, this mean Alcohol, or just they means extract of Grape fruit (but not in the form of Alcohol) .		
How long does alcohol stay in your system SERIOUS SITUATION		So Ive read multiple articles saying that if youre an occasional drinker you can process alcohol out of your system in 1 day. But heres my predicament. I havent drank for a month and I rarely drink to begin with. I get drug tested every tuesday by my diversion program because I got a DUII for smoking marijuana, and if I fail a test I go to jail for two years. I want to drink on saturday night at this hotel party that Im going to because I dont want to be the only one sober but Im afraid it wont be out of my system by the time i take a urine test somewhere in-between 6-8pm on tuesday. Do you guys think I would be okay if I took like 6/7 shots of vodka on saturday night and took the urine test on tuesday? I dont want to go to jail and if I even have a chance of failing it Im not going to do it, give me a straight up honest answer I dont want no maybes. Thank you very much.		
Am I an alcoholic or not		I dont drink daily, but every other day I have a beer or 2. However when things go wrong I get very drunk, i.e 700ml spirits. I feel I cant face bad news without alcohol and am starting to get worried. Opinions please.		
Why do the vast majority of people who oppose legalization of marijuana support the legal status of alcohol		This seems beyond hypocritical to me because alcohol is widely known to have far worse effects on society, population health and the family unit than marijuana.	Additional Details @anthony h: Your argument is basically "yeah, well, I dont agree", youve made no attempt to counter my argument, most likely because you know its true. Are you one of those hypocrites? How free is your America if people are imprisoned for carrying out an activity that does not affect anothers freedom? @Arantheal: There are studies to show the harms of the western diet, Im against imprisoning people for obesity too, despite the undeniable proof that it harms them. If you think its right to send people to prison for acts that may be self harming you should start with teenage girls who cut themselves, their only intentions are to harm themselves, which is far worse than pot smokers, whos harm is just incidental to their actual intent of getting high. Also, your argument doesnt even begin to address my question of the hypocrisy of approving of alcohols legal status while encouraging the criminalization of marijuana. @Im a mess: to the contrary, we have excellent studies on the harms of both alcohol and marijuana, and alcohol is one of the greatest causes of morbidity and mortality while marijuana doesnt even register, yet both drugs are extremely widely used in western society. @Matthew T: That would certainly be a less hypocritical approach. I however would never advocate for anything that limits individual liberty unless it had scope to encroach upon others liberty. @Arantheal: I think its a very dangerous attitude to set laws based on morality<SEMCOL> infidelity is objectively immoral, it should always be frowned upon and those who commit it should pay a social price, however it should never be illegal, never a criminal act, we live in a modern enlightened society and we should only criminalize that which interferes in others liberty if we wish to prevent others from interfering with ours. @Harry: You show me how its immoral to get drunk or high and then well entertain your argument, until then it literally makes no sense. Also, your argument only allows for dealcoholized beverages. @Arantheal: I also want less people addicted to heroine, thats not really the issue here though, but I will agree that a pragmatic approach is the best, and so far decriminalization tends to have the best outcomes, far from perfect of course, but still the best, and generally the recommended approach by health experts, including the ones that advise politicians, yet oddly enough not the course of action most politicians advocate... funny that. @charcinders: Marijuana by no means needs to be smoked, it can be eaten, vaporized, or the active ingredients produced pharmaceutically and then introduced to the body in a number of ways that dont involve intake of carcinogens. Also, The vast majority of people who consume moderate amounts of marijuana throughout their life will suffer no ill effects whatsoever<SEMCOL> there may even be a health benefit as there is evidence of neurogenesis from marijuana use, although I doubt its significant. Also, heavy alcohol use affects approx. 10% of the population, much higher than the percentage of marijuana smokers who go on to heavy use, plus heavy marijuana use has far milder adverse health effects than heavy alcohol use, with the lung cancer easily mitigated as mentioned above. I will point out though Arantheal, that decriminalization does miss out on some harm minimization benefits of legalization such as guaranteed pharmaceutical purity of the drug, sterile needles, safe disposal containers and drug education provided with the drug (still available with decriminalization, but not alongside the drug, and junkies are notoriously unmotivated about anything but drugs) and health professionals near drug dispensaries<SEMCOL> then of course theres the added benefit of the overnight neutering of criminal drug cartels and the financial gain of a heavily sin-taxed recreational substance. but with decriminalization comes the added benefit of pseudo-moralizing claims that its not providing societal approval by not legalizing it, never mind that its legal in all but name and therefore legal. Im not sure what to think of it either, mostly because theres little data either way with regard to hard drugs being legalized as its pretty much never been done, however youd have to admit that the features I mentioned of sterile needles, guaranteed drug purity, access to drug education and the opening of drug markets to legal companies, who would out-compete cartels, would be of benefit.	
How long does alcohol stay in urine		Yesterday I had one glass of wine at around 3pm. its 11am now. I am a minor and have to take a drug test in about an your. Will it show up positive for a urine test?		
I almost died from vericies from alcohol. How long does my liver have if I still sting				
What happens when a 13 year old drinks alcohol		Specifically wine.		
Is it unhealthy to drink alcohol in front of kids				
If my body is resistant to alcohol and smoking		When i drink, the next morning i wake up early the most i can sleep is 5-6 hrs. Plus i hate smell of alcohol every kind of alcohol smell makes me (puke). I drink it just for the sake of getting little drunk in the company. Also, i tried smoking but never got attached to it. What does this mean, being resistant to alcohol and smoking.		
What is the effect of carbon chain length on the acidity of primary alcohols		For example, what is the order of acidity in these alcohols? Methanol Ethanol Propanol Butanol Pentanol Hexanol		
My piercing fell on the floor.. i dipped it in alcohol and put it back		Basically i did a piercing today in the bathroom of a caffe because i cant let my parents find out etc.. everything went well im just worried cause a part of it that screws on fell on the bathroom floor. we sprayed it with desinfecting alcohol and i put it bac ( the piercing is web, under my tounge), im jsut asking can something happen?.. like it getting infected or if i can get a disease if it was on the floor or something.. cause im not sure if we cleaned it that well.. give me yoou opinions please! thanks:)		
Sick whenever I down a drink (alcohol)		It doesnt matter whether I am sober, drunk or inbetween. Whenever I attempt to down an alcoholic drink I am sick right after. I can down almost any non-alcoholic drink without being sick e.g. Milk, water Now before you reply telling me not to down drinks, I dont want to hear it. My friends and I often go out drinking and usually we play games which involve downing alcoholic drinks, well I am awful at it. I either refuse to down it or I down it and am then sick seconds after I finish. Its not that I cant down it, I can physically swallow it all but as soon as I start drinking it quickly I get the sick feeling and moments later I am sick. Just seems weird as I am able to drink any non-alcoholic drinks without being sick but when I down a drink it comes back up. I am aware alcohol is a poison, I am also of age to drink. What I am really asking is whether or not you have any tips for holding drink down once/when downing it. Or have a reason behind why I am sick whenever I drink alcohol fast but nobody else I know is. I am not considered a lightweight and I know my limits but I cannot not be sick when downing drinks. Help appreciated, thanks	Additional Details EDIT: I dont think I am allergic to alcohol, I can drink alcohol normally without being sick, its just when I attempt to drink a bottle all at once.	
I just had my tooth extracted yesterday. Can I drink alcohol.		So I had my wisdom tooth extracted yesterday at about 3:00 PM. It was a standard procedure and was quickly removed. He only gave me one stitch and said I was good to go. So the bleeding stopped hours after the operation and I assume a clot formed. Today, there is only a little bit of bleeding, barely visible on a tissue. I have taken my medication, and thankfully, I do not feel much pain. I want to go out drinking today and was wondering if this would cause a dry socket. I would really hate to have one as I read the pain was unbearable. Would I be able to?	Additional Details Btw, It was my top right wisdom tooth. Hope that makes a difference.	
Alcohol and weed with a sprained ankle		i suffered a high ankle sprain Thursday night playing basketball. doctor put me in an aircast and crutches. is it ok to smoke and drink with it or would it mess u healing?	Additional Details he prescribed me ibuprofen but tbh i dont need it. i have a high pain tolerance. i just want to make sure it doesnt mess up my recovery because i have a tennis tournament in wisconsin in 5 weeks which i hope i can be ready for its been almost 48 hrs since injury	
Weed and alcohol with high ankle sprain		screwed it up thursday night playing basketball..is this ok or will it mess up healing? im in an aircast and crutches		
Is the Alcohol Good for Mentally Ill People		I NEVER drink, but I got a very tiny sip of the alcohol at the college before I found out about my mental illness. The alcohol is NOT my thing. Several years later, I am diagnosed for Borderline Personality Disorder. I remembered one time I asked my stepfather. He is the one who I hate the most, but I had to ask him anyway. Hes an alcoholic. He invariably got drunk when he took the money. He doesnt have a mental illness like I do. I asked him if he thinks I can drink beers. He said, "No, youre crazy." He thinks the beers will only make it worse for mentally ill people. When I attended the group therapy for Borderline Personality Disorder. One woman said she felt like wanting to get a beer. People laughed and thought she was just joking. I dont know if the alcohol has a bad side of mentally ill people. I dont know if it numb them or make them like they cant see straight. I dont know what the alcohol makes them feel as if they have a mental illness. Is it just the same thing? Or... Do you agree with Larry who said mentally ill people dont need a beer? I normally dont drink, but I might want to do it for a Memorial Service, holidays, anniversary, or something like that. I will like to give it as a toast.		
Which yeast is best for producing alcohol		Not a specialized yeast for wine or beer or whatever. Just a normal bread yeast or something. What brand or type is best for making alcohol?		
Alcohol urine tests. How long would it take for alcohol to pass through my system		So I weigh about one hundred seventy five pounds and Im five foot eight. How long would it take for alcohol to leave my system to pass a urine test? The test was the cheap ones workplaces typically have. Thanks!		
Is beer the only "tasty" alcoholic drink			I mean, the only alcoholic drink I dont mind is beer, I pretty much dont like the tasty of all other alcoholic drinks. I dont drink either, I do try, but then feel guilty as they really are caloric.	Additional Details jagermeister? Never tried that one. I am done with alcohol. Tried most of them. I have the culture to turn down all alcoholic offers in the future. Thanks :) jagermeister is kinda like vodka with spices, isnt it? And you have it for breakfast? @lady shelly, I mean everything else is worse lol.
Is this alcoholism Whats your opinion		There were a few months in 2008 where I would drink alcohol because I was depressed that a relationship wasnt working out. After that, I would only drink once in a while, just because I wanted to drink. In 2012, things didnt work out with another person I was dating. I drank heavily for a month straight. My tolerance for alcohol is probably permanently raised because of that month. I managed to get Bs in both the college classes I was taking though somehow. Since then, I havent drank on a regular basis, and when I do drink its usually one or two drinks. If you have had periods in your life where you drank heavily, is that alcoholism? Theres no excuse for drinking like that, but in every time frame that its happened to me its been because someone "drove me to drink."	Additional Details I dont do it every single time a relationship doesnt work out, not even every time that I lose a relationship that I wanted to keep. It seems like I do it from separation anxiety and a fear of being alone.	
Did i have alcohol poisoning		Last week, I went to a party. I started playing beer pong for about an hour, and drank about 5 beers while I was playing (plus whatever was in the cups). So by my estimation I probably drank 10-12. After that, I went upstairs and started taking shots. I filled a red solo cup to the brim with some vodka and chugged, plus I took some more shots. Then, I shotgunned a beer with my friend. At this point I blacked out. After that, I probably drank a few more before my night was over. On to my symptoms. I remember my friend walking into the room i was passed out in at about 12. I started vomiting uncontrollably. Instead of getting up to go the bathroom, I just rolled over to go to sleep. Next thing I remember, Im on the bathroom floor vomiting into the toilet. I remember that i was shaking because it was really cold. I remember someone trying to lift me up to take me to the car (they thought the cops were coming) and i remember i couldnt move, and i remember trying to tell my body to move and it just wouldnt respond. I would literally be passing out and puking at the same time. My friends came to check on me every 15 minutes to make sure I was still breathing. I woke up the next morning at like 7 am still drunk. I went home and slept all day sunday, but i woke up monday STILL hungover. Tried to work out but puked. Anyways, I know that I had alcohol poisoning. Im just wondering what the extent of it was. Like, how high was my BAC? Should an ambulance been called? How close was i to dying? Im not sure about all of these things. I also want to know what point that one should call an ambulance in case i ever find any of my friends in the same predicament i was. I realize how irresponsible doing this was. I really really messed up. I dont plan on doing this again. I was (am) really embarrassed. Im a male teenager and i weigh about 190	Additional Details - also a regular drinker	
Suddenly sick from small amount of alcohol		Hi, Im a typical fresher student at university. I go out a couple of times a week and drink a moderate amount of alcohol - never to the point of throwing up/passing out. However last night I had a glass of wine at dinner and then 2 more between 8 and 10 and suddenly I was vomiting multiple times for about an hour... Today I felt a bit sicky after eating part of a cheese and ham baguette and some quavers, but slowly feeling better. I currently have a horrible cold and cough and ache a bit... Do you think its a bug? Suddenly not taking to alcohol? The wine I drank was a rose that Ive had a few times before! Im so confused...		
Should you start drinking alcohol for health		Should someone who does not drink alcohol, start drinking alcohol to improve health and longevity? Why or why not?		
If im taking Prednisone, can I stop taking it and drink alcohol, for a day		Ive been taking Prednisone for my arthritis. I was wondering would I be okay, If I can stop taking it and drink alcohol for a day.	Additional Details Its only 5mg also.	
Christians: how is it that alcohol is ok for many of you but pot smoking is demonic		I mean think about it-booze causes far more deaths, accidents, domestic disputes, bar brawls, etc, than weed ever could, YET its legal and pot isnt, and theres a a stigma attached to pot smokers yet booze hounds are allowed to get wasted and its socially acceptable, even to some Christians...why is that?		
How much alcohol do you drink				
Tylenol extra strength 500mg, & alcohol			Only took ONE 500mg Tylenol, around 5:20? Its 11:30, would it be safe for one drink??	
Is it illegal to have a certain alcohol out on display when they have run out		I wanted to order a disarrano and coke but theyd run out of disarrano. They had 2 bottles sitting on a shelf but they said that was for display purpose only. Should they have taken those bottles off display if they had ran out of it?		
How to tell my girlfriend its drugs and alcohol or me		Well my girlfriend does marijuana and drinks alot, and i heard marijuana is the gateway to other drugs. I just dont want her to throw away her life and i do have deep feelings for her but if shes on drugs i cant be with her, because i dont wanna go down that path. And i dont want to sound like a dick but she has to pick one of them because i cant deal with that after 9 years my mom had finaly got off of it. And i dont wanna go threw that again but i dont just wanna be the guy that walks out when theres a problem i wanna stand by her but i need help or some type of advice its killing me seeing her like this)<SEMCOL>		
Drinking alcohol!!!		I was extremely honest when I was drunk. I have been bottling up some feelings for the longest times and when I got recently drunk I was extremely candid bout my feelings regarding our friendship. I said some really messed up things. I dont know what to do. I definitely know, now Im now that I am sober that those feelings are true. Im just very upset that I could have ruined a friendship by being to honest. Im so lost at this point that its really hurting. When I was speaking to them, they took it as a joke and everything I said was disregarded. So lost please help by giving me advice. Thanks! :)		
17 year old serving alcohol is it legal in australia		I know someone who works behind a bar, she is 17. I was wondering if that was legal in Australia		
Do alcoholics have drinking days		Where they do not want to be with anyone. When it gets to the weekend my boyfriend seems to avoid me and when I have called he has been drinking. He makes excuses that he is going out with friends or doing some work. He will tell me the last minute and by message. He will agree to plans we have made, he has made too, and then tell me last minute. I have told him I would support him to get help. During the week when I see him he sips alcohol, I have read its for the cravings. Is this correct?		
Are you still allowed to drink alcohol at work		Ive been watching Mad Men and pretty much everyone has their own little bar in their office and they always drink scotch. I was wondering whether people with office jobs still have the occasional drink or has it been banned in the workplace?		
Do alcoholics not realize the pain their drinking can cause on their children and/or parents and spouse				
What part of the brain controls alcohol addiction				
What kinds of alcohols react fastest with the Lucas reagent and which ones react the slowest		The options are primary, secondary, or tertiary alcohols. Could you list them in the order from fastest to slowest? Im stuck on a take home quiz and am drawing a blank!		
Does alcohol go bad if you leave it in a glass for a day				
Need Help With Alcoholism		i started drinking about 8 months ago i started with beer once in a while then tried whisky and vodka now i drink twice or thrice a month 1-2 glass every time i dont want to be an alcoholic is it ok to have 1-3 times a month or its too much i have self control my friends smoke 10 cigarets a day they ask me too i say no all the time cause smoking has much more risk than alcohol although i smoked hookah i time after buying for myself but never smoked again till now and i think i wont so it is cool or not also i took 4 sips of whisky today 2 in afternoon and 2 about 30mins ago can i drink coffee on it and tell me will i be alcoholic cause i dont want to my uncle and one of guy who was working at my dads shop died due to it so i know consequences i know its not good for me but still weight- 85KG or 187lbs height- 610		
Help With Drug & Alcohol Test		1 True or False: Portable alcohol breath testing devices cannot be used for persons under the age of 21. True False 2 In 2006, the estimated economic cost of alcohol-related crashes in the U.S. was around ___________ (including monetary costs and insurance claims). $1 billion $13 billion $50 billion $130 billion 3 Your vehicle must have at least one rear-view mirror which gives a view of the highway at least ____ feet to the rear. 200 50 150 100 4 The only real predictable thing about a drug and how an individual will respond to a drug is _______________________. That it is NOT predictable Available through the pharmacist Written in medical journals Known by the individuals doctor 5 ____________ parking is fairly easy. Angled Perpendicular Regular Parallel 6 Double vision can be the result of _________________. Looking directly into bright headlights Passing other cars Eye muscles relaxed from fatigue, drugs, or alcohol Rapid eye blinking Wearing glasses that are too strong 7 True or False: Your driver license and/or license plates will be suspended for a period of up to three years if you do not have the proper insurance and are involved in a collision where you are at fault and injuries have occurred. True False 8 __________ of drivers age 16-20 who admitted to driving after taking drugs felt that they were "not high enough to cause a crash." 56% 57% 58% 55% 9 If you are stopped for a DUI and you refuse to submit to a breathalyzer test and it is the second time that you have been stopped you are guilty of a ________ degree misdemeanor. First Third Second Fourth 10 Drivers were tested on various driving exercises before they had been drinking. They were given alcoholic beverages of their choice. _________________ occurred as BALs increased. No decline in driving ability Headaches A steady decline in driving ability A minimal decline in driving ability 11 Individuals eliminate alcohol from their bodies at an approximate rate of__________. .015 BAL per hour .018 BAL per hour .05 BAL per hour .08 BAL per hour 12 With some exceptions, epidemiological studies indicate the presence of THC in roughly __________ of drivers injured or killed in traffic collisions. 15-31% 8-20% 1-7% 4-12% 13 Carbon monoxide is: Only found in large cities An odorless, colorless, toxic gas A danger when driving on the open highway Healthy to breath in 14 If you are parking with a manual transmission vehicle, shift to _________ before turning off the engine. A low gear Reverse Park Neutral 15 ___________________ provides a method of paying for loss or damage if you are involved in a collision. Restitution Your car company Insurance The DMV 16 In the State of Florida your first conviction for DUI can result in your vehicle being impounded for ______. 5 days 10 days 20 days 15 days 17 True or False: It is illegal to park within 20 feet of the entrance to a fire station. True False 18 True or False: Florida law prohibits you from increasing your speed until the vehicle that is passing you has completed the passing maneuver. True False 19 The time you save passing another vehicle is usually __________. Important Massive Critical Negligible 20 Leaving the scene of a crash resulting in property damage of more than $50 would result in the accumulation of _______ points. 3 10 6 5		
Alcohol/Loss Of Breath		Took a shot of vodka for the first time in a while the other night. After taking the shot, I guess I attempted to inhale/exhale, and basically was unable to catch my breath and resulted in a gasp attempt. Thought I was going to choke, even though the alcohol was already completely swallowed. Whats up with that? Thanks!		
I took 13 pills of temazepham 15mg with alcohol, but I still alive after 20 hours of sleep.		I took 13 pills of temazepham 15mg with alcohol, but I still alive after 20 hours of sleep. Now, I only feel a little dizzy. How could this be possible!		
How to make alcoholic jello shots		Ive been looking online but I dont seem to find the right recipe. I have a 5 oz. packet of jello and about 2 cups of tequila left. How to make jello shots with that amount of ingredients I already have at home?? Thank you.		
How to make a bloody mary...alcohol				
Atheists and Christians why do you look down on Marijuana when it is safer than alcohol		Marijuana is not addictive as alcohol, tobacco,cocaine or sugar.		
Alcohol question need help		Hi im 20 years old and i dont drink i never have and i plan on never drinking because alcoholism runs strong in my family 3 men in my family were addicted to it and it lead to their deaths. Lately ive been having some problems and i dont know why but my body is telling me to drink and i almost feel like i need to, to make myself feel better but i do not want to. Im struggling what should i do?		
Ethyl has a specific gravity of 0.79. What is the volume, in quarts, of 1.45 kg of alcohol				
Is it true that if youre an alcoholic, and you stop drinking for a day, you could have a seizure and die		and not even a whole day, but just enough time for the alcohol to leave your system?		
Can i give propolis diluted with alcohol to children		I have bought a small bottle with Propolis to give to my 3 year old child as to boost the immune system, but when i read the ingredients it said that it is mixed as follows 30% Propolis & 70% Alcohol. I was going to give 1 or 2 drops daily with milk but i am worried because of the alcohol.		
Florida alcohol and drug test		Male drivers between the age of 16 and 20 with BAL of ____ are 52 times more likely to die in a single we hole crash than a sober driver of the same age. A. .001 B. .06 C. .08 D 0.1		
How many Americans perished due to consuming poisoned alcohol during the prohibition				
What to do about my raging alcoholic father		I moved out of my parents house when I was about 19, I grew up with my dad being a raging alcoholic, hes since had a few DUIs one of them right before Christmas last year, he has been drinking more heavily lately and closet drinking with vodka, he is very intense and verbally abusive to my mother, they are both close to 60 yrs old, he has struck her in the past, he is also addicted to ambian, I talked to him on the phone about why he is doing this to everybody and he says he doesnt want to feel, Im not sure what that means, my mother has been hiding some of this to keep me from getting involved because if Im to go over to their house Id go to jail and I cant be selfish and be taken away from my family, the passed few days hes been in and out of the hospital for drinking and taking too many ambian, he is self destructing and my mother refused to call the police because she doesnt have any money since the DUI court date is coming up, I dont know what to do.		
Why do people who drink alcohol look down on those who dont		What makes them to assume that they are superior to non-drinkers? I am not saying all of them are like that but allot of them do. They think theyre so cool but they are just making a fool out of themselves. If you have stress then find a constructive way to deal with it, I dont understand people who feel the need to have a bottle of beer or a glass of wine after a "stressful" day at work. If you have problems in your life and youre trying to forget them then play sports or get a hobby. Drinking wont make your problems go away. And if you want to enjoy life and have fun then there are lots of activities that dont require you to be drunk.		
Can I use my Passport as a valid ID to purchase alcohol in Ohio		I was recently denied the purchase of alcohol being told that a U.S Passport isnt a valid form of ID for purchasing alcohol in the State of Ohio saying its been that way for over a year at a Giant Eagle..... Ive been buying this way for a while now everywhere else and at that location as well. Is this even a true law? Just a store policy? Or complete ridiculousness? This is a Government Issued ID. For the record, I am 21 and have been for about 6 months. Anyone that knows the actual law and can provide proof please let me know.		
I want the strangest flavors(fruits,vegetables, candy) anything that can infuse into alcohol, suggestions		I am infusing vodka drinks , or any alcohol actually (bourbon, rum,etc.) And I want some wild stuff to try/drink or just have. Any/all suggestions are appreciated. Itll help improve my bar. c: and I would also like out to taste good as well. cx please help.		
Weed, and alcohol healthy or not		So, Ive been hearing people tell me that smoking weed and drinking alcohol (in moderation) is healthy. My thing is, for weed, why is it illegal if its healthy...Is it just because people abuse it? Or what. Alcohol Ive heard it was because it helps thin the blood, and stuff. But, like...I know theres a LOT healthier alternatives in fruits and vegetables... Im not looking for people trying to defend their way of living or anything...I drink, and plenty my friends smoke weed...I just want to know the facts about it, because I get annoyed when people trying to act like they do it to be healthy...Like, just admit you do it for fun, and hanging out. Anyways, please link any sources, or list reading materials. Thanks :)	Additional Details ++ They say the reason it is illegal is because of corrupt governments, and drug lords making money, or something like that...	
Is it okay to pour my husbands alcohol out since he is an alcoholic		He denies being one, than he admits it. Which is it? To me he is one because he has become physically violent with me in the past under the influence and not any Time. He thinks he can just slip everything under the rug and just move on from the past and has asked me to move on. But truthfully I cant. It pisses me off that he continues to drink and says he wont be violent towards me. It pisses me off that I have given him ultimatums and hasnt taken it seriously. It pisses me off that he doesnt appreciate how lucky he is, how he got off from an assault charge against me and still hasnt sunk in that he needs to stop drinking. It pisses me off that he would rather want to go to his friends or hangout with friends sometimes and drink, its like he cant have fun when he isnt drinking and tried to play it out that Im ruining his fun. It pisses me off so much! I want to go downstairs and pour out all his beer, because he shouldnt be drinking, not if he cared about this marriage as much as he claims.		
Where do I find this alcohol		Hey there was wondering if anyone know where the "UDL ULTRA 65" are located in the western suburb areas Ive seen people with them but dunno where to find them?		
Drinking alcohol with hydrocodone.		I took three hydrocodone pills for my wisdom teeth removal last week and Wasnt thinking before I drank two vodka waters with some friends. Will this have negative side effects? Im just nervous that I am going to die in my sleep. I know i didnt drink much, but I always hear not to mix alcohol with pills. Can someone help with this question please? Thanks!		
Ramadan: Why Jesus Christ did not prophibit drinking alcohol		It has been causing so many deaths: http://au.news.yahoo.com/thewest/world/a? Was he aware of the fact that prophet Muhammad will come and ban drinking alcohol?	Additional Details Barbra, Islam does not let people come even close to prophibited things. Allah has made everything for us and He prohibits only harmful things so that we may be saved from its bad effects In my whole life I have not drunken alcohol and I do not miss it! There are so many fruit juices that are tasty and benefiical for my health. Why sould I ignore my Gods instruction not to drink alcohol?	
Jehovahs Witnesses: Why do you let sinners into KH if you wont inject alcohol into your veins		KH = Kingdom. Hall The Bible says to remove sinners from among you, but you encourage them to come back to Kingdom Hall to be shunned for a period of time until they are reinstated by the Body of Elders. Isnt this like injecting alcohol into your veins when you have been told to not drink it? In other words, when you have been told to NOT do something, is it wise to find a loophole that gives you an excuse to do it anyway? Is Jehovah pleased when his commands are ignored?	Additional Details Okay... Change "when you have" to "if you had" been told to not drink it. Pretend you are Baptists (who abstain from alcohol). Even though practicing sinners have repented, it is sometimes not clear if they have actually turned from their evil ways. Therefore, to remedy this uncertainty, disfellowshipped ones are allowed to return to KH the very same week! This is clearly unscriptural, since a sinner has obviously NOT been cast out when he or she remains, physically, in the congregation. Should we second-guess Jehovah on this matter as do those who accept blood transfusions? What if Jehovah feels that the very presence of practicing sinners is repulsive? Will he, then, be among the Witnesses at Kingdom Hall? What of the faded ones who secretly practice sin while, technically (on paper), they remain in the congregation? When it comes to Revelation, if anything doesnt agree with my perspective, I can simply say that it is "figurative" and has a completely different meaning. This can be done anywhere in the Bible, really, but especially so in the last and most cryptic book.	
Does someone know a good rehab for alcohol and drugs in south Florida				
Muslims, have you ever once drunk alcohols		Or do you have drunkards in a family or among friends? If so, what do you do for them? Or to them? I just have to ask after reading this old question in YA: Are there Muslims that drink alcohol? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?? One of top Wahabi Scholars was caught drunk by police after leaving a party at a German Embassy. He was Molana Hafiz Muhammad Tahir Ashrafi.	Additional Details Do some Muslim Scholars have mixed views on alcohols? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?? Old YA question: Why alevi muslims drink alcohol bt not sunni and shiite muslims? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?? @Kaffir, tell me about it. I can imagine your story, as I once lived with a family-owned pub with cellars full of alcohols. My family gave up the pub business in early 1990s. This might surprise some people, I was never tempted to drink alcohols in pub. I am abstemious. @Shah, tell me about it. I used to do bootlegging on holy days when I was a child. My father gave me parcels and told me where to leave them. @Hassan, your honesty is commendable. @Demolition Angel, I well believe you. Here is an overlooked factor: heavy drinking is most contributed to bad marriages, especially forced, unsuccessful marriages. Folks, if you dont believe that some Muslims drink alcohols on the sly and any of them could be your family someday. Photos below: MOUNTAINS of confiscated alcohols in police custody as in Iran, Pakistan, Afganistan, etc. http://caspiankids.webs.com/apps/blog/sh? http://culturesntraditions.blogspot.ie/2? Now what about alcohol breweries openly thriving in Islamic countries like Pakistan? Watch this video below. http://youtu.be/uIAO6mS3E9o @Charity. Great, you have come clean about your past. I see some Muslims here are too ashamed to discuss taboo subjects. See how I did not hide my family trade here. @Run for your life, it wasnt me if you are thinking that. I have never reported your question as I strictly believe in peoples freedom of speech. I respect your freedom of opinion. @JustMe, where did you learn some Gaelic (Irish lanuage)? I hate to admit this, I dont know my Irish. Besides, more than half the Irish nation dont know their native language as we are all speaking English. Irish is a dead language and our government is doing everything to revive the language. @JustMe. Begorrah, in habit and language, you are more Irish than me.	
What are the problems to drinking alcohol every morning		Im a 9 year old male, and lately in the morning to relax myself I have 2-3 shots of vodka before college, If I dont I get aggravated and annoyed, and anxious feeling overwhelm me, I do better when I drink, is this a phase. Are there other things that work, What are the problems to doing what I am doing?.	Additional Details 19 not 9	
Why are PVA (polyvinyl alcohol) & PTFE (polytetrafluoroethene) both solid at room temperature				
1. When wine or any alcoholic beverage is allowed to sit too long, it develops a vinegary taste, why		2. List 2 ways that ethanol is dangerous or toxic to humans and explain. 3. During the fermentation process, why is it possible to get a solution with an ethanol concentration of greater than 10-15% without using distillation? 4. In the process of fermentation bubbles formed in the beaker, what gas caused these bubbles? 5. Why is it possible to separate and concentrate ethanol in the mixture using distillation?		
Can you drink alcohol before keyhole surgery		I am having keyhole surgery for a hernia this Friday and I have a family due on the night before, and Im not sure you can have alcohol or not ? Does anyone no ?		
Does non alcoholic wine taste like the real wine		So yesterday my uncle bought home a non alcoholic wine that his worker who is a Jon Muslim gave to him. He obviously knew about his religion so he got him the one that said non alcoholic written in bold. My uncle didnt try any so I drank most of it and it taste so good so I was just wondering if non alcoholic wine tastes like alcoholic wine. What do u think? It said sparking grape juice written on it but was in an ordinary wine bottle. Also I just heard that apparently you cant drink non alcoholic wine because it has traces of alcohol in it. Is this true?		
Im 17 and camping at Titp, will I have alcohol taken off me at the camp site when I arrive		Im 17 almost 18 and camping at Titp. I was wondering if I try to bring alcohol into the camp site if it will be taken off me or if I will be asked to leave? Or if they will thoroughly search everyone?		
Why does a small amount of alcohol actually increase productivity				
Euthanizing fish with clove oil and 91% rubbing alcohol		My fish are all sick with some sort of parasite, despite the fact that my water parameters are in good condition and my tank is always clean. My dad wants me to get rid of them, which I have attempted to do through rehoming, but I recognize that these fish cannot be paired with others, as they will get the others sick as well. At this point I have no choice other than euthanasia, and I have it planned. I was going to first put clove oil in each ten gallon tank to put them to sleep. Next I heard Im supposed to add vodka to the tank, however I cannot buy vodka, as I am not yet 21. Will 91% rubbing alcohol work? How much do I need to add to each ten gallon?		
I accidentally cleaned my moto g with alcohol!		I went to the hospital to go and see my grandma and showed her a picture on my moto g. She held it, so after I left the ward, I put some hand cleaning acholol stuff on my hand and rubbed it in, then rubbed it onto my phone. The manual says not to clean it with alcohol, will the waterproofness of it be OK, and are there any adverse side effects?		
Is My Mom A Functioning Alcoholic!!!!!!		Okay So I think my mom is what you would call a "functional alcoholic". She goes to work, pays the bills, and does everything a single mom can do. The only problem is, she drinks A LOT. For example last night she had almost 2 BOTTLES of wine. I mean she slurs around and stumbles a lot at night but thats about it. She starts drinking at about 5 and doesnt go to sleep until 3 in the morning. When she drinks she looks all sad and depressed and we get in fight over the smallest stupidest things in the world. I cried last night because she wouldnt talk to me because she was to sad. Im 15 and just worried about my mom. SO is she a functioning alcoholic if she can do her daily functions in the day but after 5 act like a drunk?? Thank you in advance for answering!! PS: is this a stupid reason to go to alateen? I feel like people that go there have parent who cant function at all with alcohol.	Additional Details Well she gets up at 7 .. only like 4 hrs of sleep	
Why do alcohol has the opposite effects on me		I generally find it hard to speak to people i havent met before (or known and spoken to for a few weeks). I went to a bar on Saturday with two friends and a bunch of their friends, who I have never met before. the drinks i drank throughout the night was courvoisier with coke and JD with coke. I already found it awkward when I first got there with my friends friends, but as i started drinking i found it harder to speak to them, I felt more concious about what to say, to a point my mind just went blank and I just tried to avoid them for most the night. Why do you think alcohol makes me less open to people, i known people even less social than me become the "life of the party" after drinking. This is the second time i have been out to a bar and my friend said maybe i should try drink other drinkers or have more shots or something? Any advice would be amazing please. Cheers		
How long should I wait to drink alcohol after a concussion		I had a concussion 5weeks ago. How long should I wait until I can drink alcohol?		
Are parties, alcohol, and television sinful		A lot of more conservative Christians say that Parties and dancing is foul in the eyes of god. So is alcohol and TV.		
How do I convince my parents to let me do a get together with alcohol at my house		MY house is perfect to do one but I dont know how to tell them. Plus I dont want them to be around walking on the get. Im 16		
Will I lose my provisional license I just got charged with minor in possession of alcohol at a big party				
Is there a forum where people can talk about different experiances with alcohols and give reviews		Every time I search for this type of forum I get AA forums.		
Why does caffeine, alcohol and pot have no effect on me		I drink coffee quite often and i never feel more awake. Ive also tried alcohol and pot but it still doesnt effect me in any way. is there something wrong with me?		
Is there any place in toronto to buy 99% isopropyl alcohol				
Quick! How many people die a year from alcohol abuse		I am doing research on this for my psychology class.		
How much ambien, clonazepam, flexeril and alcohol to commit suicide		My friend just showed me her stash of drugs. She has massive doses of all three pills and access to liquor. I saw at least 20 to 30 10-pack blister packs of each ambien 10mg and 2mg clonazepam. She also has 10mg flexeril and 40 mg vyvanse. Im very worried about her health and mindset right now. Could this be enough for her to commit suicide if mixed with alcohol? How can I approach her about this subject? Any reccomendations?		
How long can alcohol and xanax withdrawal last		I have been a heavy binge drinker the last 3 years and Xanax user the last year. I quit drinking a month ago and quit taking Xanax 19 days ago. I have terrible anxiety which is why I was prescribed the Xanax. Im still having severe depression and anxiety and am wondering if I could still be having withdrawal from either or even both. Im still twitching and have been extremely nervous around people and cant help but to isolate. Im trying as hard as I can to keep sober but it seems like none of this will go away. Im really hoping someone else has experienced long term withdrawal effects from these and can give me some insight. Its getting harder and harder to keep going on like this and is starting to feel hopeless.		
How to stop being addicted to something It is not alcohol or drugs. I prefer not to say.				
I accidentally had a little alcohol a couple hours after taking a vicodin		I took a 500mg of vicodin around 8:30pm and without even thinking, I got a glass of wine at 11pm. I only took about two gulps of it and then remembered I took the vicodin just 2.5 hours earlier. Im completely freaking out		
How to quit alcohol 		This days Ive been taking a lot, since last year December it started by having fun but now its getting worse each and every weekend, I drink beer and whiskey at the same time, like Hennessy,and after taking this I regret a day after. My family has been complaining and I also told my self that i wont drink ever again but when its Friday something tempted me. I really wanna quit cos yesterday I was sick, I was vomiting almost all day. But Im feeling better now. And also how long does It take alcohol to get out of your system.?		
The term for the type of reaction that occurs when an alcohol is formed from an alkene is known as		The term for the type of reaction that occurs when an alcohol is formed from an alkene is known as		
What is the point avenge of alcohol		hi! I wanted to know if they change the point avenge of alcohol % from 0.008 to 0.001, cuz when I did the paretic tes online on this website http://driversprep.com/test.php it said I got it wrong so I was wondering if they changed ps: no detail pls just a straight up answer yes or no ps: cuz I dont want to fail or miss that question up and get it wrong		
SURVEY : Why do my friends hate on me just because I refuse to drink alcohol	Marcus 		Each of my friends are alcoholics And im the only one that never do....so why do they get upset at me just because im an alcohol-free drinker ?	
What was the reaction of other nations to Prohibition of Alcohol in America		I would imagine stunned disbelief, dismay, being flabbergasted that beer and wine consumption were now illegal? How utterly stupid and hare-brained were the promoters of this foolishness called Prohibition!	Additional Details All recht. Sellem duhnich aw.	
What is the long term damage of alcohol in plastic bottles		I might be moving to a "dry county" so I am thinking of stock piling hard alcohol. Im cheap so I get 13 dollar vodka, southern comfort, ect. Most will probably be in plastic bottles and unopened. What is the long term damage on these, I know hard liquor has a near infinite shelf life, Im talking about alcohol content change and flavor change due to the bottle being plastic and porous.		
I just finished taking oral lamisil 250mg for 100 days, how long do i have to wait to drink alcohol				
Is it possible to absorb alcohol through skin		Last night my mom spilled a whole glass of brandy on the passenger side seat of my car (coffee brandy mixed with milk). She waited until now to tell me after Ive been sitting in it go 2 hours, my butt was wet but I assumed she only spilt water. My friend told me its possible to absorb alcohol through your skin. Is that possible? I had on clothes obviously but my skin was still wet (my whole butt :p) I know this is a stupid question but I just need an answer. Thanks.		
Caffiene and Alcohol		Hypothetically speaking, if I were to mix 4 shots of everclear and a 5 hour energy, and then chug it, could there be any adverse health risks other than the typical risks caused by alcohol and caffeine by themselves?		
Why i cant drink anymore I used to drink a lot(alcohol of course). But now i almost cant even smell it.		It started before a half a year, I stopped doing sports because of injury and after two months of abstinence i began to drink alcohol again. But, surprisly, from getting better condition in drinking, its getting worse! Especially from a New Year everytime I drink, its a smaller dose with bigger problems. And i ended(today) with drinking 3 beers in 4(!) hours and having a terrible headache 2 hours after :/. How is this possible?? What should I do?		
Will alcohol show up in a pee test		Im 17 and to be honest I got **** faced a couple of days ago. I went today for my yearly pap and obviously I had to pee in a cup. Im curious of the alcohol will show up? My parents dont know I drink so if it does show up Im in trouble. Lol.		
If alcohol was illegal in the early 1920s, why did it seem so legal and casual in The Great Gatsby		I have read articles from the 1920s about how alcohol affected people living in this time period. Whatever I read in the articles wasnt really mentioned in the book (death and blindness) except for the fact that you could get drunk.		
Can a baby born to an active alcoholic mother be an alcoholic at birth		Meaning the baby needs alcohol, has withdrawal? Just curious as I have heard of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome which I know is not alcoholism but is caused by alcohol in the womb.		
Need help with alcohol choices		What are nice drinks to mix like vodka and coke, what other alcoholic drinks could I use instead of vodka? Also can you drink Catus jacks just normally or do you take it in shots?		
How many people in the U.S have tried alcohol at least once in their life		Including everyone in the U.S: teens, adults, elder.. I need a percentage of people for my research paper. Or anything like "1 out of 3 people" or something. :( I cant find this answer anywhere :/		
Alcoholic mom PLEASE answer!!		Okay So I think my mom is what you would call a "functional alcoholic". She goes to work, pays the bills, and does everything a single mom can do. The only problem is, she drinks A LOT. For example last night she had almost 2 BOTTLES of wine. I mean she slurs around and stumbles a lot at night but thats about it. She starts drinking at about 5 and doesnt go to sleep until 3 in the morning. When she drinks she looks all sad and depressed and we get in fight over the smallest stupidest things in the world. I cried last night because she wouldnt talk to me because she was to sad. Im 15 and just worried about my mom. SO is she a functioning alcoholic if she can do her daily functions in the day but after 5 act like a drunk?? Thank you in advance for answering!! PS: is this a stupid reason to go to alateen? I feel like people that go there have parent who cant function at all with alcohol.		
What defines an alcoholic		Honestly I dont know. Ive only been wasted and passed out twice in my life but for the past week Ive been drinking every night (vodka and rum if thats important) till I get tipsy and start doing things that I regret in the morning. But I feel that I have to drink to mask the events in my life and its the only time that I actually enjoy my life. Im not sure if Im alcohol dependant but I dont really know anything right now. I do remember all the things I do so its not extreme but I really do make stupid decisions and text the wrong things. All day today Ive been thinking about drinking tonight just so that I can forget the things I did last night and I know it feels bad and I do believe that I may be starting to have a problem so now I dont even know if this is a question. But if you do think I drink too much what are your tips? Please no smart comments or anything		
Can I use 190 proof ethyl/ethanol rubbing alcohol to make perfume		Ive heard its best to use perfumers alcohol or 190 proof grain ethanol but I dont have access to those. Would rubbing alcohol made with 95 percent ethyl alcohol be ok to use? How would the additives in the rubbing alcohol affect the scent or my health?		
I think Im addicted to alcohol		Im an 18 year old girl and never thought I could/would let myself become addicted to anything but I find myself craving alcohol or just the feeling of being intoxicated. I dont drink that often. Maybe once every month or so it depends but when I do drink its straight hard liquor and I have about 8 drinks or so until Im drunk with some friends because thats what I prefer and Ive noticed that Im building a tolerance. Im not sure if thats normal or if its really a problem and I should stop drinking altogether.. any advice would be greatly appreciated!		
Do you prefer alcohol or bud		I personally prefer bud. Alcohol gives me less of a buzz and makes me depressed.		
How to confront an alcohol live in boyfriend		Ive talked to him about stopping drinking many many times and he keeps saying he is going to quit and never does. im just anxious about asking him to actually get out and go live somewhere else only place I can think of with his wages are his parents. hes not been actually, physically abusive or extremely threatening but I get nervous and anxious and emotional easily and dont deal well with breakups, or confrontation that is going to leave me lonely. I dont also have a very great or communal support system or family. Thanks	Additional Details He doesnt listen much to me, talks and talks and doesnt seem to value same things I do.... mostly I just appreciate him for company and he can be nice sometimes I love him inside of course but I cant show it because he does a lot of things that frustrate and hurt upset me I pay more than half rent and bills and so on and spent a lot on us starting this relationship and I try to be Really, really nice and giving I really dont think .. that threatning to call the police will help. would probably just upset him more. once I was seeing an alcoholic borderline abusive kind of guy and I threatened to call police and he took my only working telephone from the wall unit or ripped the cord off all I do remember for sure on that is that he made it so I could not make any calls and im not sure how much he is drinking, he keeps the bottle in a cabinet in his room. we dont sleep together for multiple reasons I believe he drinks about average of 6 shots of Bacardi a day sometimes more or less. but usually every day	
What should i do to get rid of alcohol 		These days i am involving alcohol very much in my life. what should i do to control this ?		
Can you inhearit alcohol tollerence		So baisclly Im 17 but I drink quite heavily up to a half or so of a half gallon of vodka ( 80 proof ) in a night on a regular. Im told thats a lot but honestly I dont feel like it is ima day drinker so if I have it I pour a drink/ take a shot as soon as I wake up and just drink threw the day. I come from a long family line of alcoholics could that be why I do this?		
What drinks could we pretend are alcoholic		Me and my friend are planning to pull a prank on people at my birthday party. We want to fill up alcohol bottles with drinks that arent alcoholic and see how many people act wasted . Does anyone know any non alcoholic drinks we could substitute for alcoholic drinks? For example, sparkling apple juice as wine or something? Please help! Thanks :-)		
Can rubbing alcohol cause blisters on vagina		I hate to ask this but I really need to know I put alcohol down there a few times on Sunday and Monday now Im burning bad and have blisters I thought I had an ingrown hair before I did this now theres blisters and it hurts. Professional answer would be nice.		
How to get used to drink alcohol		Hii! Im 19, and each time I try to drink, I get this really strange urge to vomit. I dont know if this is normal, so Id like to know any tips to get used to the flavor please? Its quite urgent, so please!!		
Is it okay for a 13 year old to drink alcohol		I am turning 13 years old this saturday, 8th of February and I was thinking of maybe just for fun, giving each of my friends (who are coming for a sleepover) a small cocktail. They wont be shots or anything, just something fun and obviously not too highly concentrated. Their parents let them drink alcohol on special occasions and it is okay for them to consume it at my sleepover, I checked. I am just worried of the consequences as I go to a really awesome private school which I love and I dont want my learning to subsequently be impaired after our alcohol consumption. How would one small cocktail effect me or my friends? Also, I am prepared to be responsible for the alcohol in the house that night and I will make sure that everyone of my friends is to drink a large glass of water before they go to bed incase of a hangover. Is there anything else I should do? Should we even be consuming alcohol at this age (my friends are all my age) even if its in small amounts on an irregular basis?	Additional Details Ok Im just going to make very small drinks for me and my friends. Thanks for the answers, guys!	
How to ask my older sister for alcohol		Im a fifteen year old girl and my sister is three years older than me. My parents are going out of town and Shes throwing a party and so am i (the next night) i want to have 99 peaches at my party cause thats my favorite. But ive never actually had to get the alcohol. I go to parties and its already there. Since this is my party i need to ask my sister to buy it for me... i cant even drive so its not like im putting myself in danger. How do i ask her		
How many ounces of a 35% alcohol solution must be mixed with 16% ounces of a 40% alcohol solution to make a 37		37 % solution of alcohol		
Why does alcohol become addictive to some people and not others		Does it mean some just choose to keep drinking? Is alcoholism a disease where people become addicted without realizing it? Do some like it so much they need more for the taste? Is the addiction a bad habit or an actual mental illness?		
What is the world record for the longest living alcohol abuser				
Is he an alcoholic or is it me		My husband is a good man. Works everyday. Supports his family. He has never hit me. But his alcohol is a problem. I just can not figure out if its my problem or his. I grew up with a drug addict/alcoholic father. When I met my husband he drank. It did not bother me. So I really do not think it has anything to do with my past. Im trying not to be disrespectful but my husband "looks" like a complete idiot when he drink. It is very un attractive. He mumbles and turns stupid. He drinks at least every 2 weeks. For the past 6 years I have stressed how much I hate it (not as rudely as it sounds here). I have begged him to stop. He will try. There was a point where is was every weekend. I left him for 6 months. He stopped drinking those 6 months. Then I let him come home and 6 months later he started again. I do not want to end my marriage. I believe in fighting. When he is drunk he says things he would never say otherwise. We have children and I do not want them thinking this is okay.		
16 year old drinking alcohol		So my friend who is only 16 years old is turning to alcohol. He is having a hard time at home with his mom and im not really sure what the situation is but whatever it is, he is turning to the wrong things to help. Whenever i go over to his house his room is a mess and theres bottles littered on the floor. Im just worried about him and dont know what to do. He also smokes pot but I dont really think that is much of a problem, but I do fear he might try new things too. I cant go to his mom because, it complicated. What can I do to find him some help? Any suggestions?		
Drunk alcohol, heart beating fast and cant sleep. What should I do		My heart is beating really fast, and I just cant sleep because of how fast it is beating and the intensity of it. Last time I drank, I only had an hours sleep. Im tired but cant sleep at the same time. What should I do? I also feel a bit sick.		
How many ounces of a 20% alcohol sulition must be mixed with 6 oz of a 25% alcohol solution to make a 21% alco		How many ounces of a 20% alcohol sulition must be mixed with 6 oz of a 25% alcohol solution to make a 21% alcohol.		
If a drug addict, alcoholic, smoker was In a comer for 12 months - would he crave on waking up		Addiction is a terrible problem for many people. The worst I know of is the physical addiction to morphine/heroine (sickness, diahorrea, insomnia, hallucinations etc) however many highs can be addictive. Alcohol. Nicotine, caffeine and even sugar. I just wondered if an addict of a substance ended up in a coma when he or she awoke would they still crave their tipple or would they not be addicted anymore? I assume they still would as we are not inducing comas to fight addiction in private clinics where cost is no object. As in the miracle cure. However I really dont know the answer Thank you for your answers		
How bad is alcohol for conception		Ive been trying to get pregnant for about 5 months, I had a misscarriage three and a half months ago. Every time I dont get pregnant it breaks my heart. I was going to have a baby and then suddenly he/she died. I need to get pregnant again but when I get a negative i cant cope and i have a drink. Is this adding up to me not being able to conceive?		
Alcohol and propranolol		I am a 25 year old male and I have been perscribed propranalol 40mg once a day by my gp and have been taking for 3 days now. Its my birthday Saturday! Will it be ok to drink with them but not to excess or would it be safer to miss one dose or should I just drink pop?		
How much alcohol would a person of 15years, 110pounds51 have to consume to die		Im just curious...		
Will swiping my earbuds with alcohol swabs damage the material i also use them on my bluedio headphones		my earbuds are the ones you normally see, and my bluedio headphones are made of synthetic protein leather		
Why isnt added sugar regulated like tobacco or alcohol		I have read so many studies that claim that added sugar is toxic.		
Hard at breathing when using house hold cleaners, mixed Frebreeze, fabuloso and rubbing alcohol.		Its day 3 and my shortness of breath went away but after I had to sneeze my chest felt kinda sore.. is there any anything I could be concern about? I was only giving advil..	Additional Details okay let me put in .. since people are confusing the part where they think I was doing this for inhaling.. was cleaning my carpets to get out pet stains	
If I cut alcohol out of my diet how much weight should I expect to lose! Please help!		Hello, I am desperate to lose weight! I drink ALOT of beer, wine, etc.. I would consider myself a border line alcoholic. I tend to get carried away and I cant just have one drink. However, Ive been clean for two days and intend to stay sober. Please let me know if you have had any success losing weight once you cut alcohol out of your diet. Thank you!		
Why does alcohol make me a compulsive liar		For some reason when I drink I start to tell lies that in my mind are the truth and come morning I dont remember any of it. Whats wrong with me!		
What Are Your Favorite Alcoholic Drinks Turning 21 Today		Some friends and I are going out to eat followed by going to a karaoke bar. Ive actually only drank a few times in my life so Im really not sure what to get when I go to the bar. What would you recommend/what are your favorites?		
Do you think alcohol improves your sexual function or reduces it personally(Aside from studies have told you)		I know lots of studies say this and that about various foods or chemicals being good or bad for you. I dont care about averages or percents. I want individual responses to this: do you feel more horny when you drink, less horny, or is it a mixed bag, etc. Because definitely I feel super duper horny, at least a surprising 500% increase.		
How much money it cost for adiction of alcohol				
Alcohol and propranolol		Alcohol and propranolol? I am a 25 year old male and I have been perscribed propranalol 40mg once a day by my gp and have been taking for 3 days now. Its my birthday Saturday! Will it be ok to drink with them but not to excess or would it be safer to miss one dose or should I just drink pop?		
My MIL (who is an alcohol and drug counselor) has relapsed, what can I do to help her get sober again		My MIL used to be a alcohol and drug counselor before she moved down to where her son and I live about a year ago. She moved to be closer to her son and I and her new granddaughter. As soon as she left her job and moved, she started drinking heavily.Then started smoking crack. My husband owns a duplex and she moved into to one side of it.Since then she takes anything she can get her hands on. Things have gotten worse since she lives by herself, we have taken her into our home for 4 weeks so she could sober up (crack and alcohol). I told my husband that that could not happen again because I cant take care of someone detoxing and take care of my one year old. I dont want her around my daughter at all when she is on anything. Whens shes messed up my husband and her fight, but when she sobers up its like he just goes okay she sober so now there is nothing to worry about and he doesnt do anything about it. Im at my wits end with her because shes keeps doing the same things over and over again. After she sobers up shell call my husband and apologize and cries and he forgives her time after time.Its to the point now when she cries you can tell shes just acting but he still forgives her and nothing happens to her. She has lived in our duplex for a year and a half now with every 6 weeks relapsing. My husband thinks its okay as long as she is sober for that one day she can come over and visit with our daughter but I dont think so. She just spent a week in the hospital for snorting 13 methadones, then gets out and not even 3 weeks later is doing the same stuff again. My daughter and I hardly ever see my husband because he is always having to go by his moms house and check on her or take her to the hospital where she has just taking anything she can. He took her to the hospital last night to see if they could help him put her in rehab again but they said there is nothing they can do. Is there anything we can do to help her? We live in southern Alabama and I have searched and searched and unless she seeks help herself there is nothing they can do, but we have to do something. Any help?		
How freaking long does alcohol stay in my system		I have a interlock in my car, I drank until 1am and now my car wont stay and it keeps saying violation. how long does it take to leave my system??? its 11am and I am late for work		
Anxiety medication for drug/alcohol addiction		I am addicted to alcohol, crack (cocaine), and heroin. Every time Ive gotten clean in the past, I just moved the focus of my addiction from one drug to the next. That is, the first time I quit heroin, I started drinking more. The second time I quit heroin, I started using cocaine. So on. As one tends to lead into the next for me, I find I cant use anything just recreationally. So Ive decided to finally do it right. Get completely straight. Kick everything. I dont feel like my addiction is bad enough to warrant methadone treatment. I cant afford suboxone either. Which isnt too bad of a thing because physically, I think I can handle the withdrawals. Mentally, however, Im not sure. Im not sure I can handle the loss of what is effectively my only coping tools. So Im wondering if its possible to be prescribed anxiety medication during the early stages of the recovery process? My brothers girlfriend was given anxiety medication when she quit smoking, but she also wasnt at risk to abuse the medication. Although I dont particularly care for or abuse benzos, Im afraid that the doctor will still say no to prescribing them to me. Whats the best way to bring this up to my doctor in such a way as to increase the likelihood of getting the prescription? Should I bring this up to my regular doctor, or wait and mention it to a therapist I expect to be seeing? Thanks for reading.		
Non-alcoholic Neknomination ideas		Well, Ive been Neknominated. Im definitely going to drink something, but Im 15 so not something with alcohol. Any ideas of what I should drink for it?		
How to filter alcohol using home equipment,		How can u get alcohol separated from a drink? Also how can I make general drinks less gag testing? I cannot even sell swallow anything , one so sip and Im almost sick! ?		
Can I drink alcohol while Im taking propranolol			I take 80mg of propranolol every day and my doctor has never said anything alcohol, but ive found that since i have been taking propranolol i cant handle even the smallest amount of alcohol because i throw up and then am extremely drowsy and fall asleep.	
High percentage alcohol that is nice enough to be drunk straight		I am going away this weekend and would like a drink with high percentage alcohol (around 20%) but would like it to taste nice so it can be drunk on its own. It also needs to be available at morrisons as that is the only shop near me. Thanks.		
Can an underage person be arrested if he is drunk but doesnt have possession of alcohol		Like if I leave a party drunk and then walk home. Can I be arrested?		
Tips on going teetotal from alcohol		Hello I planned to go teetotal nye. Ive had a few slip ups. But now I want to go back on track. God knows why I slipped up. I just bought it without evening thinking and drank it cos it was there. Been on a binge drinking group. And really want to do it this time. Has anyone got any tips for me what to do when I get the feeling of I fancy a drink. Cos I find it hard to stop it. Thanks. And pls no horrrible comments. Im trying to help myself. Thanks		
Someone told me that he is an alcoholic but he doesnt drink alcohol. How is he an alcoholic then		Isnt the definition of alcoholic a person who drinks too much. Is this guy just a dumbass?		
Is it weird that Im starting to "not love" drinking alcohol		Im almost 18 years old. When I first started drinking around the age of 14, I was really buzzed over the whole concept of drinking because it felt "cool". Obviously as Ive been getting older Ive drank more and more. Now, I am almost free to drink legally and all my peers are talking about drinking and LEGAL nights out, and yet, even though people are hyped over it, Ive found that deep inside I dont actually like alcohol...I kind of liked and got hyped over alcohol when I was younger because its so fresh and cool and "good." Now I just feel like meh over it even though Im supposed to be almost legal to go to town, ironically!		
Is marijuana healthier than alcohol				
Should parents avoid drinking any alcohol around minors		Would it set a bad example for kids?		
Is it illegal to by alcohol without having an ID		in California, if youre over 21 and buy alcohol, and get stopped by a cop who asks for your ID, and you dont have it on you, can you be fined? assuming the person who sold the alcohol to you has seen your ID plenty of times and know that youre over 21 and decides to sell it to you without checking, would they be fined?		
Where do i take a lady who doesnt drink alcohol		She is a recovering alcoholic. She does not go to bars or clubs any more. That is places i like to go. Bars,clubs, and casinos. I havent a clue where to take her atm.		
Which is easier to die from, eating as much as you can in one sitting, or drinking alcohol				
Charge of alcohol possession at 16		Ok so I am 16 years old and very very occasionally like to drink with friends. When me and my friends drink we usually get three 40s for the three of us and have one each. We buy the stuff from someone who gets them for us and we put them in a bag and go back to our house. I was wondering if a cop caught us with three 40s how much trouble would we likely get into with fines, jail time, etc. and what would be the maximum trouble we could get into??? P.S. We live in New York. Serious answers please from people who know law very well. And thank you for your time		
Are you an enemy of alcohol		Do latinos and mexicans teach their children to drink in their pre-teen years? Eliminate needless suffering. Eradicate foolish traditions.		
Do you think alcohol is as bad as illegal drugs Which ones Obama said weed is just as bad		s alcohol. Alcohol is pretty dangerous. I dont know a lot about weed though. All I know is when I drink alcohol I sort of chill, but when I smoked weed I got really paranoid and weird.		
Where can I get a tshirt with an alcohol logo in Los Angeles		I want to dress up as Cristal or Budweiser or really anything for a costume party later to be a "bar" as a group costume.		
How do I leave my alcoholic husband		I know, sounds like a stupid question. But no matter how repetitive, now matter how predictable and no matter how much it hurts, I just cant bring myself to leave. My husband has been drinking at a problematic level for probably eight years, we have been married nearly ten. I suppose, before, we were both young and drank regularly, but it seems when we had our son (now 6) I grew up, and he didnt. I should also mention that for the past five years he has suffered a serious thyriod disease which made it worse, and combined the alcohol with anger, rage, and sometimes, violence. He had surgery recently, his mood has changed, but the drinking has not stopped. It has been about five years that I have been vocal about my hatred for his drinking. So, he usually does not bring alcohol into the house. Instead, he drinks on his way home from work, while he is driving. We started marriage counselling and he said he only did this because I wouldnt let him have just two beers at home (my fault, as usual) - all he said he wanted - and so we made a deal: TWO beers, at home. Of-course, it wasnt long before I noticed the slur in his voice and the change in the way he spoke to our son. I wont go into details about how it isnt my problem, but somehow it is all my fault. Most people know the language of the alcoholic. Every time the drinking gets bad, and I spend my nights being told how awful I am, we end up arguing and he says he wants a divorce. Not because he is an alcoholic, of course, but because he cant "give me what I want". A sober, honest husband who is a good role model to our son. Alcohol, it seems, is more important than us. I dont know what to do. I am a very intelligent and successful person, and I cant believe I am in this position. My brain says "run" and my heart cringes when I think not of my life without HIM, but the life he may find without ME. Lame, I know, but it is my honest fear. Does anyone know of some strategies I can use to alter my thinking? We go to marriage counselling, but I dont think it makes any difference to the reality. He will make a promise there, and break it in a matter of days. I just need to find strength to accept that our twelve year relationship might mean so little to him, and that all of our hopes, dreams, memories, challenges and love has been for nothing. After all I have been through with him and for him, the thought of him being happy alone or with someone else breaks my heart. But the idea of being alone myself, does not worry me half as much. My son looks up to him so much, and Im so scared he will just turn out like him. I am also scared that, if I do leave, when he has access he will drink and possibly drive. I dont trust him, and I dont want him hurting anyone. I am so lost.		
Popular Alcoholic Beverages among Black Folks		Hello Everyone, I am planning on having my daughters fianc and his family over for a party this weekend and was wondering what types of alcohol would be favorable to them. They are all of african american descent and rather Urban" if you will. Anyways I heard of some popular drinks such as Gin N Juice as well as Caribou Lou, could any of you tell me of some more popular "Urban Drinks" ?? thank you p.s dont say olde english, Im not sure if that one is still popular but i refuse!		
After military alcohol rehab....please give me advise.		I have not been able to reach my Marine bf after he completed his alcohol rehab and I am very concerned...Please give me any advise(not relationship advise). (I am so sorry for my bad English...it is not my first language) In early summer last year he got in trouble by talking back to his boss....his deployment opportunity was taken away for some reason and I guess he got very emortional against his boss. He got a restriction because of this and he could not go anywhere for 1 month because he had to sign in every 2 hours. On top of that he lost one rank and he got really depressed...He started drinking heavily around then....He said he failed to be on time for his work few times and finally his boss caught his drinking problem and sent him to rehab... All of above happened from July though November last year..... The last time I heard from him was from the rehab and it was one week before he was going back to his home base. He said his commander visited him at rehab and he wanted to keep him in the Marine. He sounded happy about what his commander told him and excited to go back to his base....but after the happy and positive phone call he completely disappered. I have not been able to reach him for almost 2 month. He disconnected his phone while he was in rehab so I cannot reach him at all right now. His work email address still works so I know he is not kicked out.... His mom has been trying to reach him but she has not been able to...I know she could call his command and get information but she is hesitating to do so since it might stress him out. She said he should be alive and taking care of his problem right now so she decided to just wait for him to call her....but I cannot be that patient... My questions are: 1. Is it possible that he might be going though another restriction after his rehab even he successfully completed his rehab? My understanding is that the rehab is kind of his penalty and he was be able to go back to his normal work after that but am I wrong? 2. If there are other restrictions on top of his rehab would he go through that after his rehab? 3. Is it possible that his rehab was one of the administration process for his voluntery separation? When you call voluntery separation is it really" voluntery"? 4. After he goes back to his home base for his rehab is his work routine supposed to go back to normal? Or would there be some kind of restrictions or follow up trainings for him? 5. Would it be possible that they bring his case to court Martial after his rehab? 6. Would he still get paid as usual during the rehab and after the rehab? Thank you so much for reading my long post... I really appreciate your help and advise.		
My ex is an alcoholic who drank while he had my daughter, we have since gone to court and a ETG test was		Ordered. It only tests the past 80 hours however since he is an alcoholic will it take longer for the alcohol to metabolize out of his system?		
I thought she may be an alcoholic so i left and I miss her.was I right about her		I dated a woman who was funny, intelligent, very sexual, had a great job. The problem was she would drink regularly and on 4 separate occasions called me and was so drunk she could not hold a conversation. Once I told her she sould go home and go to bed and told her I would come get her. She said nope and told me she was responsible and likes to drink, that that is who she is so take it or leave it. The next time she woke up to her rear bumper on her truck being gone and not knowing how it happened or where she was the night before. She had to call a friend to ask. She said she was in love with me but I was afraid her drinking would come before me. This all happened in 2 months. I was a little worried after our second date because she had a lot of alcohol related things in her house like lamps etc. I have 2 kids and dont want them around an alcoholic. I did make a comment once saying I thought she spent too much time at bars. She took offense to this. It just sucks, I really liked her.		
Hospital for dehydration! will weed or alcohol show up in my blood test		I smoked last Friday only 3 puffs.		
A Salon brand shampoo and conditioner that is alcohol free, sulfate free, and color protecting		Hi! Okay so i need a shampoo and conditioner that is absolutely alcohol free, sulfate free and protects the color in my hair. I currently have tape in extensions and if you have any experience with them you know its essential that they do not contain those ingredients. I have been searching everywhere but cannot find a brand that fits that criteria. I do have some hotheads ( the brand of extensions) shampoo and conditioner but the problem is i cannot buy it online and its always a hassle to get my mom to buy it and send it to me at college, not to mention the bottles are always so small! If anyone knows some products please let me know!		
Is it true that it is illegal to show actual drinking of alcohol on regular tv		I have heard this. They can simulate drinking and put the glad up to their lips but not actually swallow its contents. Can anyone verify?		
I am getting my ears pierced and need help with sanitizing with rubbing alcohol or salt and boiled water.		First of all, I have a metal allergy so I will be piercing my ears with 24kt gold so I wont react. I am ordering the piercing earrings online but I dont trust how clean they will be when they come in. I wanted to know if rubbing alcohol would sanitize it completely? Or should I put a flame to the earring before I pierce it and then rubbing alcohol? Would the flame mess up the gold? I also heard you can boil water and then add sea salt for the three times daily cleansing of your ear to prevent infection. I am piercing my own ears, so I just want to make sure I do it perfectly and wanted to know if I should no anything major before I go ahead and do it. Thanks in advance!		
Why is alcohol used to mix the plant material instead of water in the antimicrobial properties of plants ex.		we used ethanol as the alcohol		
How do you hold down alcohol Will water work				
Does alcohol work as a painkiller		Ive been in pain recently from a yoga class where the teacher didnt bother to warm us up. I cant take ibuprofen or any NSAIDS so have just manned up and am dealing with it. However, Ive just had a few drinks (Im overage dont panic) and have noticed the pain has eased. Is it because of the alcohol?	Additional Details Firstly Im English, not American. Secondly, I just said that Im not actually taking any drugs. Thirdly, Im not suggesting using alcohol as a regular painkiller. Im just curious. Also I have serious lung damage and asthma, so smoking weed would actually kill me.	
Bread as the yeast for alcohol making				
Is being an alcoholic a shameful thing Why do they have to be anonymous What does that mean		I read their rules or whatever, and one of the rules is that they have to say they are powerless against alcohol. Does that make sense? Shouldnt they say the are more powerful than alcohol and they dont need it? Anyway, why is it anonymous? What does that mean? If it is anonymous, why do people tell you so much about it?		
Excederin and alcohol		took one excederin migraine 3 hours ago. One has 250 mg of acetaminophen and 250 asprin. I am going to a birthday party at a bar in about 30 minutes. When can I drink?		
Whatss external and internal validity in alcohol		Ive looked everywhere to find out what that means and ive seen many different definitions and I dont know which ones are true. Does anyone know what external and internal validity is in alcoholism?		
Lost my ability to hold any amount of alcohol at all		I drank every once in a while in high school. One night I was at a party and ended up taking some where around 20 shots of jose cuervo and some one told me they saw me walking around with a bottle of jack after that. Safe to say the night didnt go well for me. I didnt throw up.. well until the next day at work when I threw up like 8 times. For a week after that if I even smelled hand sanitizer I would get queezy. Now a year later I can almost puke on command just smelling a bottle of jose. Much less drink any tequila, vodka, or liquor or anything really. I can barely hold down more than a few beers. While I never plan on getting "hammered" again in my life I would at least like to be able to enjoy some beer with my friends every so often. Has anyone had any experiences like this? or any advice/tips for me?		
Drinking causing throwing up after barely any alcohol		The first time I drank alcohol I was 15 and it went down with no difficulty but I drank too much. Over the past two years Ive experienced difficulty drinking. If I take one shot I have to fight my stomach from throwing up. I dont throw up every time I drink but I have to fight my stomach with all sorts of chasers to not throw up and sometime I cant fight it and throw up after 1 or 2 shots. I figure if I was allergic Id throw up everytime and I wouldnt be able to hold it down. Once I fight the throw up urge after each drink it stays down. Could I be allergic or do I have a different problem?		
Smoking soda like alcohol		Would this work? If you dont know, you can smoke alcohol by putting alcohol in a plastic bottle and put of cork on top and pump it with a bicycle pump and then you remove the cork and a vapor fills the bottle and you inhale it and you get drunk. Would this work with soda, or tea? Not to get drunk of course but just the smoking part		
I got a TB shot today, is it safe to drink alcohol		I got a TB shot this morning and had plans to go out with friends tonight. Could drinking alcohol impact the effectiveness of the shot or cause it to not work? Thanks in advance for any answers!		
18 Birthday BYO Alcohol		My friend is having their 18th tomorrow (which is the legal age here), and they said its optional BYO. Its just a party at their place and about 30 people are going. Im turning 18 in about a week so I cant buy alcohol, and I have absolutely no experience with parties/alcohol. I do want to drink but not overdo it. (I know no one else is getting smashed either, but most have experience) Im really nervous, I have no idea what to bring: I have access to vodka/gin and a few more at home but I dont think bringing straight vodka is a good idea :P I just feel if I bring something lame, people will judge me. What sort of drinks are normal/go down well at small parties? Would it be really bad if I didnt bring my own yet still drank a bit?		
I need an amazing tasting alcoholic drink!		I love going out, and I love the feeling if being drunk, however I dont like the taste of alcohol... Is there any drinks which are just amazing in taste with a high alcohol percentage? I have had bad experiences with gin, vodka and tequila, I can taste any of these three drinks even if one drop is added into a class of coke. Oh also Im trying not to consume many calories, so if there is any healthier alternative without mixers, ect. ( yes, yes I know alcohol is not healthy)		
What bad things happened due to the US prohibition of alcohol (besides bootlegging)				
Alcohol effects baby		So Im four months preggers and evryones been telling me tht i shud not drink becuz its bad for the baby. i know pregnant women shudnt drink but thts just becuz they might do something they might not normally do thts bad, lik sleep with a random person or drive and crash. but wat if i drink and my friend watches over me and makes sure i dont do anything bad? Or shud i just not risk it?		
Not sure if hormones or alcohol is making me sick		So my boyfriend came down last saturday and we got a little spastic drinking etc, yes we had sex of course we did foreplay etc, yes he did put his you know inside of me without a condom but he didnt c**, though i could feel quite a fair bit of his stuff on the sheets.. And it was really like really wet i know this sounds wrong but his thing was really wet ANYWAY after that night we were drinking i vomited all over the hotel room and then the day after thAt i felt sick from drinking the alcohol and the day after that i felt sick, ive just been feeling like throwing up for the past few nights last night i woke up because i felt sick. And today (saturday) my boobs feel sore, i had a massive headache random stomach pains, so im not sure if any of this is because of drinking too much alcohol or if my period is coming soon?		
8mg Xanax plus alcohol = what		My boyfriend took 5mg of Xanax orally approximately 5-6 hours ago and just snorted 3mg now. He poured a huge cup of vodka. I cant stop him from doing this but the best I can do is research and be prepared for what might happen. He has a slight tolerance to Xanax already but nothing much. Realistically, what do you imagine will happen?		
Sudden aversion to alcohol		I am a regular drinker, never liquor, just beer. Wednesday night was the last night beer tasted normal to me. Thursday night i took a sip and it had a really odd, bad after taste. Thought it was just that particular beer unti i tasted another. I was expecting my period today or tomorrow, dont know if thats a cause.		
If its not a problem drinking alcohol then why did God say this			If its not a problem drinking alcohol then why did God say that pastors are not allowed to drink alcohol? Not even a slight bit?	
Why do people say Marijuana is the gateway drug when infact the majority try alcohol before marijuana...		If you think about it. Everyone tries alcohol before marijuana and yet marijuanas the gateway? I dont think so.	Additional Details Reefer user yes,addict? No. Im on the computer,obviously havent sold it for reefer money and can mange to type a sentence. I must be a completely brain dead reefer addict. And the fact that you get a kick out of calling me am addict really shows how much of a better person you are than me :)	
Why did the US prohibition of alcohol cause an increase in homicide				
How long until i can drink alcohol after a tongue piercing		I had my tongue pierced on Feb 5th, I have a party on Feb 15th. Will it be okay if I drink alcohol by then?		
What is drug, alcohol, and tobacco tolerance		I know what the things are but not the tolerance part...		
I cant stand the taste of alcohol spirits, is this normal		I cant stand the taste of alcohol spirits, is this normal??? Im a male 18 nearly 19 in 2 weeks. My mum is a alcoholic, I only got drunk 4 times in my life so far, but I cant stand spirits taste for some reason, Im okay with it, if I take few shots. But is it normal to dislike alcohol taste, even though you gotten drunk before???		
Is she becoming a alcoholic		so my girl has started drinking a lot maybe 2 -5 beers a night (the 12oz cans ) and she will buy a 25 pack ever 2 weeks maybe... she says they help her sleep (and thats true everyone knows that they help u sleep) and other thinks like if she does not have beer she drinks other stuff like fireball... so my car is in the shop and i needed to use her car today (to go to work) and she got off work at 6:30 p.m. and i started at 7:30 p.m. so i called her to see if she was almost home and she sayed she was, and asked if i think she would have time to run to the store and grab some beer bc she was out. i told her NO bc it was like 7:10 and takes me 15min to get to work... so she does it anyways and makes me 10 mins late to work -_- i have not talked to her yet i got home at 4:00am and she was asleep. also she started drinking like nov 2013 p.s. sorry for the run on sentences.		
Is a cyclo-alcohol secondary or primary		E.g Cyclohexanol Because I can never work out whether the -OH group attached to one of the Carbons on the ring makes it a primary alcohol or secondary??		
Does Marrakech airport have alcohol in its duty free area, if so, what kind on average		Im going to Morocco soon and was wondering if anyone knew the alcohol situation at Marrakech duty free so I can take some home		
Where can I find whipped cream infuse with alcohol in Maryland				
Survey for 18+; What impact does alcohol have in your life		1) 0 Impact..as I dont know what alcohol is and its grrrness 2) 25% ..like of one peg 3) 50%....like of two pegs 4) 100+%..like of..its awesome n idk wat it is<SEMCOL>) Me.......100+%<SEMCOL>)		
What are the differences of alcohol rash (allergy) on HIV rash		So last night my friends and i went to a club i drink alot of cocktail drinks it came to the point that my head hurts, cant breathe from my nose and a very red face. I went to bed(without drinking water) with a burning feeling in my pubic region. I woke up and got dressed for my basketball game after the game, i notice a red dots/rash on my skin(i think the alcohol is getting out of my system through sweating?) Before the drinking happens so that was thursday night i had sex with a girl.... i am afraid that this could be HIV. Please help me out	Additional Details I tried to pinch the dots/blisters it has some water in it. It is not itchy at all but it is still here on top of my hand I also check my pubic region and my pelvic region it is red down there I had unprotected sex	
Is malt in alcohol/liquor the same malt as it is in lets say whoppers				
Can you mix Codeine with Alcohol		Hi, Firstly I am not a drug user this is for educational purposes only. What would happen if someone was to mix Codeine Phosphate Hemihdrate 30mg and 500mg of Paracetamol with Alcohol? What would the effects be? Thanks.		
Tobacco and alcohol, Which is worse		I know both are bad, but i want serious answers, which one is worse and affects your body in a more dangerous way?	Additional Details I mean like if i drink and smoke a mediocre amount, when im older which would be the most likely one to cause the serious damage to my body	
How do I prevent alcohol from evaporating during cooking		I am doing some deserts and the alcohol has to be mixed into the cooking process (which includes heating), but I want to retain the "kick" or the high" of the alcohol taste when people bite into it. Is there a buffer I can use to retain the alcohol or is there a way to cook it without evaporating too much of it.		
HELP. Alcohol and POTS syndrome		I have POTS syndrome, had it since the 7th grade. I never used to drink alcohol much until the past two years or so. (Im a freshman in college). I still dont drink excessively. About every other weekend, or every couple weekends. Is that enough to effect me?		
HELP. Can you drink alcohol with POTS syndrome		Is it okay? Not excessively, just every couple weekends.		
Mixing adderall xr alcohol and marijuana		okay so i am perscribed adderall xr 15mg for my add and i drink (alot) i dont smoke often because i usually have bad trips when i mix weed and adderall together so i only smoke on weekends now but i do drink usually anywhere from 3-7 days a week (i know thats alot so no need to lecture me about it please) but i was woundering if its bad to mix adderall and alcohol together because i always seem to get waaayy more drunk when im on adderall i dont know if its because when im on adderall i dont really eat alot not on purpuse just it makes me lose my appetite so do i just get drunk faster because i dont eat alot or is it the adderall because i could have one strong drink on adderall and be completely wasted but when im not on it i can actually handle my alcohol		
Alcoholism How to stop drinking		Hi. I am 26 and have a long history of alcohol abuse. I recently came back home and admitted to my family I was drinking again....it has made me very ill. I told them I was drinking again and when drunk I called 999 for emergency treatment....the ambulance came along with the police...apparrently the police needed to verify no violent abuse had gone on...there had not been so the police left and they took me in the ambulance I was sitting down not in the ambulance bed and spoke to paramedic When I got to hospital they put me in a waiting room and I was very sick.....when I asked another woman why she was there she told me her husband had a heart attack...when I went over to listen to her and give her a hug security was called....because I was drunk and smelt of my own urine.....when I went to the front desk I apologized and told them my intentions...but I was very drunk so the security were all there. I asked how long I needed to wait and they told me 3 hours just to see a doctor not even to be administered in hospital....I felt very ill and thought I needed treatment immediately I left with security looking at me because of this woman...I did not want to wait three hours just to see a doctor who would only refer me...not take me into hospital where they could put fluids on my arms and monitor me|! Then I walked a little bit found out where the hell the ambulance had taken me and took a taxi home I promised my grandmother ahd dad I would not drink anymore....then we got into an argument several hours later and I begged for brandy (the only alcohol they had in the house) not the whole bottle but enough to ween me off drink because I was very ill with wathdrawals eventually I got that Then I woke up at around 4am I think and felt so very unwell had suicidal thoughts and just drank very iced water and stopped smoking.......then several hours later I felt the WORST I have ever felt So I decided I really needed drink not in the quantities before but to ween myself off it Then I travelled into to town very ssick everybody looking at me to buy some vodka....enough to abate my withdrawal and nothing more So I have given myself 50cl tonight and nothing more Am I a coming off the alcohol the right way or the wrong way? Should I followed my parents plan and quit it immediately?		
How to make simple alcohol		Hello. I am just wondering how to make simple alcohol correctly. I see many posts on here that say it can be done simply with water, yeast and sugar. I however see many other posts that say the yeast needs some sort of nutrients such as fruit juice or fresh fruit. Anyhow this is what i have: A 2L bottle Fresh red grapes Dry wine yeast that can make up to 24 L of brew. An Airlock Sugar What is the easiest way to make liquor with this in a step by step process? Keep in mind i am doing this on small scale, only 2L worth of brew, so i wont want to use all the yeast. And lastly, how would preserve the yeast after opening the package? all answers are appreciated		
My father consumes alcohol more and wen blood test is done....this is in report plz help wat to do		Written in report is....impression 1.mildly enlarged liver with grossly increased echotexture probably s/o gross fatty changes or early cirrhotic changes 2.cholelithiasis with changes of cholecystitis.. 3.mildly dilated main pancreatic duct.. 4.mild spleenomegaly.. 5.mild degree of ascites This was report and wat 2 do now....does its costlier and doctor says jaundice is also thr wat 2 do		
Mixing adderall xr and alcohol		i am perscribed adderall xr 15 mg for my add and i drink alot but for some reason when im on adderall i get super drunk way faster and i always forget EVERYTHING that happened the next day but when im not on it i am usually able to remember most things and i can handle my alcohol when im not on it for some reason adderall makes me get crazy drunk like i could get completely wasted from like one strong drink and i am not like that at all when im not on it why does this happen		
POLL (Beverages): What is your favorite beverage that is both non-alcoholic and non-carbonated		I do not drink soft drinks anymore and I do not drink alcohol period, so if I had to choose just one, mine would be water. :) On a side note, I do love both milk and sweet tea too (Im southern so sweet tea is the house wine of the south)! :) What about you? Thanks!		
After drinking alcohol, excessive shaking!		After drinking alcohol, never loads just maybe 3 glasses of wine, OR 2 single vodkas with mixer, I shake REALLY BADLY, a whole body shake like im freezing cold, and its uncontrollable I cant seem to stop it, it just goes, can anyone help me and advise me what this is! Im 18 8stone 7 Previously suffered with slight high blood sugar Thats all my medical history! Thank you		
Alcohol & breastfeeding		Im currently breastfeeding my one month old son, and I have not had a drink in two years, but my hubby and I are going to a steak night on Monday and I was wanting to try one cosmopolitan. I researched that there is 1 1/2 oz vodka in the cocktail. I plan on only sipping on one, and I was wondering how long the alcohol will stay in my breastmilk, and If theres any way to tell whether its safe for my baby to drink. To be on the safe side, I plan to pump and dump a few hours after the drink. Thanks!	Additional Details I know that alcohol doesnt stay in the breastmilk forever. Im not stupid, I know that a sip is harmful, but thats why I have breastmilk stored away enough to last him 4 days of feeding. Im talking about one drink that wont even get me buzzed, its not like Ill be taking shots of jack Daniels. Calm down.	
Where would i find a collector to buy my vintage alcohol in the uk				
Can I drink alcohol while taking Vitex (agnus-castus)				
Which alcoholic drink is easier to brew Mead, wine, or beer		By easiest I mean: Least time Least equipment Most alcohol Not necessarily the best taste. Could taste really bad. Oh and which one smells the least? With your answer, please instruct me how to make it.		
Why does my pee smell like sugar puffs the day after I have been drinking alcohol				
Do you really like alcohol		I have already taken lots of alcoholic drinks, but i?ve never liked anything. I can?t even understand how everyone likes it. When you drank alcohol for the first time, did you like that? Or got enjoying after a time?		
Is it logical to anyone that addiction from a very dangerous, easily obtained legal drug, alcohol,		can be treated by a drug that remains illegal, LSD. LSD remains a Schedule I drug in the United States even though it is non-addictive, and is approximately 100 times less toxic than alcohol? Other medical uses of LSD are in treating cluster headaches, depression, obsessive compulsion disorder, severe anxiety in cancer patients, post-traumatic stress disorder, and other forms of drug addiction. Where is the logic that it remains illegal, even for medical uses? http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-1729771? http://www.americanscientist.org/issues/?	Additional Details White Rabbit, (interesting name for this question) maybe they should start. Sean, Ive never tried it, but I cant say that I would refuse if it were offered under controlled circumstances. Steve Jobs swore by it. "good for nothing", there are thousands of people sick every day with a case of Jack Daniels flu. LiberalsRNutz, its Saturday night. How many people are behind the wheel right this minute that would blow over the legal limit? Remember I said controlled use of LSD. http://www.cbc.ca/day6/popupaudio.html?c? start at 19:30	
What is the reason why bartender not let there cutomer drink to much alcohol				
Why does this strange thing happen to me when I drink alcohol!		So.. the last two times I have drank alcohol, the next morning I have a stinging sensation in my right nostril comparable to the pain of chapped lips. But it only lasts about 3-5 days. Also, the way Ive felt while drinking has changed. Instead of getting bubbly/sloppy/blacking out... I just get a weird body feeling, my mind is fuzzy & am just more outgoing & emotional than when Im sober. Also, I dont sleep the whole night except maybe a half our or an hour spread out through the night. Is this a normal thing & just a dumb question ? Lol or why is this happening just now? Im 18 & drink like once a month or so		
If i smell like alcohol can i be fired in the state of michigan		It had been atleast eight hours since i had a drink and my managers said they had great concern that i was under the influence and smelled like alchol. they sent me home. can they fire me?		
Christians, do you smoke or drink alcohol or buy lotteries		If so, do you think you should quit doing it?	Additional Details I asked this not to troll Christians. My Christian friends kind of mentioned that they are supposed not to do any of the above. But I see quite a number of devout persons doing one or more of the above. So O am confused and asked this to clarify.	
Taking your own alcohol to a hotel		My boyfriend and I are staying at a hotel in Melbourne and we were going to take our own drinks, so I think its okay if we drink as much as we want in our room, but Im wondering if we are allowed to drink our own drinks by the pool in their bottles? Or do we have to put them in drink bottles?		
Anyone here actually drink wine or alcohol for the taste and not for the buzz	q			
Using rubbing alcohol to get hair glue out of hair is this a good or bad idea		So I recently had my part glued in my hair by a hair stylist now the glue wont come out from where I normally part my hair. The glue is no longer clumped but it is really sticky and liqudy I have tried conditioners, olive oils, oils, basically anything slippery you can wash out. I recently saw this youtube video that said that if this happens use rubbing alcohol. I have some 70% rubbing alcohol, but should I get a lower percentage since I am going to be using it on my hair? If you have tried this does it really work. I have natural curly hair so what can I do as far as getting this stuff out my hair using rubbing alcohol? PLZ HELP!!!!		
Does beer-battered chicken have alcohol in it		I just bought a tv dinner from walmart that has beer-battered chicken. My mother didnt seem to think anything of it, though Im kinda paranoid of it. I dont intend to drink, ever, and even though I imagine the chicken has very very little beer in it, Im still not that keen on killing braincells just for chicken with some interesting looking breading on it.		
Not joint but my long leg bone yday night pain, burning like fire, this come shortly after getting alcohol and				
What bad things did the US Prohibition of alcohol cause besides black markets and gangs				
I think I drink (not alcohol) too much... can anyone tell me if I am and what the normal amount is		ok so long story short, I drink a LOT of pop, juice, water, everything thats non alcoholic and drinkable!! I can drink around 3/4 LITRES a day... I can drink a litre bottle of pop in under 30 minutes!! I dont just drink pop though, obviously.. I drink about a litre of water a day as well as pop and juice and whatever! I dont know what it is, its like I always feel super super thirsty and nothing can quench my thirst. Also, I drink more than I eat because my appetite is all over the place most times, like I can go 2/3 days only eating like 1 actual meal and then other days I can eat all day but no matter what I still drink a lot and I definitely drink more that I eat. so does anyone have any idea why it is that I drink so much and what I could do to help stop? its not like I can just stop drinking when im thirsty so if anybody comments that then Ill just ignore coz its just stupid. so yeah, thanks x		
How do you name a hydrocarbon that is an alkene and alcohol		I need to name a hydrocarbon, it has 5 carbons, a double bond between the 1 & 2, an OH coming off the 3 and a methyl group coming off the four. Usually I have no problem but Ive never encountered an alcohol group with a double bond.		
With chromatography, why does rubbing alcohol give different results than water		I did the experiment where you put a paper with dots of inks and set them in beakers with water and rubbing alcohol. And then the colors separate and run. Why does rubbing alcohol give different results than water?		
Alcoholic drinks list		Im going to a party next week dont want to get too drunk , not because Im driving or anything just because i dont want to go out of control drunk , so i need some drink with around 15% alcohol in them , please give details like the exact percentage , brand , name that sort of thing . thanks .	Additional Details also not drinks that i have to mix together my self , drinks that are 15% from the bottle they came from	
I had drink alcohol while on metronizadole for bacterial viaginosis..what will happen now... Dont feel sick		I had been on metronizadole for 4 days and suppose to take one more dose of the gel to insert in me but I didnt so yesterday (Saturday) suppose to been my last dose and didnt take it... I was drinking. I dont feel nausea or nothing. But do I continue finishing my last dose or start the 5day treatment back over?		
Can camels store alcohol in their humps		Like, if you fed a camel alcohol,would it store it in its humps?		
Living with a bulimic/alcoholic		My roommate hasnt had one meal that she hasnt thrown up. On top of that, she uses alcohol as a way to medicate. She has mentioned that she craves the feeling she gets right before she blacks out. Any emotional turbulence that arises, she turns to alcohol. She will drink a 5th of whiskey to herself and black out completely. When she is in this state, she binge eats. Shell eat hundreds of dollars worth of food and wont remember any of it. As long as Ive known her, she has been in a relationship. She is incapable of being alone. Every relationship she has, has either been abusive both physically and mentally, or is with someone who supports her negative habits. I have attempted to confront her compassionately. She is unable to listen to my sincerity, and instead immediately becomes defensive, screaming "mind youre own business, this has nothing to do with you!" storming out of the house, and returning with a bottle of whiskey. This is a very toxic living situation, and our friendship has fallen apart. I dont have the energy or the capability to help this girl, and Im not sure what to do. Ive been involved in her situation for years, and it has done nothing put pull into her misery. She has been a very negative force in my life for too long, and Im at a point where savaging out friendship is secondary to taking care of myself and moving on with my life. I cant help her. How do I handle this situation since we share a home? She views me as a selfish *****, but what she doesnt acknowledge is how much effort and energy I have already given her. We are in our early twenties and are growing up at different rates. At this point, I have cut her off from my life - Im now battling with if its worth it to be on good terms, but to be honest Ive reached my breaking point. What would you do in this situation, and what advice do you have for people who have similar issues? Thanks for your help, I really appreciate it.		
How can iodoform be synthesized from secondary alcohols		And is it all secondary alcohols it can be synthesized from?		
Can marijuana be addictive like drugs such as heroin are or alcohol				
Why was the alcohol prohibition important		Doing my history day project on the alcohol prohibiton in the 1920s, the theme for history day is rights and reponsibilities.		
Speech on drug and alcohol abuse		i have a speech due tomorrow on ways to prevent drug and alcohol abhse in the us, and forgot about it until now. i need to have a thesis, three ideas with an explination, and a conclusion. im panicking, my mind is completely blank, and i have no idea ehat to do! help me please!		
Alcohol After Niacin		Is it alright to down a few beers 6 hours after taking 1250mg of Niacin?		
How can those of us who can hobestly never stop drinking alcohol live a fuller life				
I think I have made my liver sick from Phenylephrine + Alcohol. How to recover		I had a sinus infection last week. Just on Saturday night, while I was planning to stay home and read, my friends persuaded me to go out with them. I decided not to take my antibiotics, but just take 1 phenylephrine (nasal decongestant) so that I could drink. I drank a fair bit and woke up Sunday morning to one of the worst hangovers Ive ever had. I spent majority of the day vomiting and sleeping. Today (Monday) I still feel quite sick in the stomach and am not eating much for fear of vomiting again. Im now wondering if taking the decongestant while drinking was a bad idea and my liver is hating me for it. Are there any foods around that are good for liver health? I just want to feel better. Never drinking again :(		
Why is alcohol legal		I am not bashing anyone, but seriously it causes nothing but troubles, some people use it responsibly but there are to many that dont it makes it bad for everyone, like people who fight, dui and etc.. the world is @$$ backwards weed is such a better deal no hang overs or anything stupid.		
What is the machanism of reaction of alcohol with phosporus halide				
Good substitutes for alcohol		Hey there, Ive recently stopped drinking cold turkey, I literarily went from drinking 8-10 beers a day to 0. Ive been doing pretty good so far if I may say so myself. The last time I had a drink was in October of 2013 but instead of drinking beer Ive turned to drinking soda and I dont want to come down with diabetes or something, so what is a good substitution in your opinion? Thanks for any help you can give me.		
How do people not drink alcohol		Ok, seriously i dont see how people do it. Not just alcohol but weed too. I prefer beer, but regardless how can people go through out life not doing this stuff. Im doing a double concentration in graduate school. Ive drank and smoked since i was 16, and am currently 24. I just cant not. Ive tried to, but my mind just cannot do it. I need to not think for while sometimes. I do not do it all day everyday just the weekends mainly. Sometimes the weekdays. Is this a like syndrome or something? If i dont drink or smoke, i become very very restless and mean. I get a little crazy.		
Help from a doctor: mixing a medication with alcohol or possibly other substances		my friend with borderline personality disorder is always getting new medications. shes had a problem with alcohol, heroin and benzos,,, Im afraid shes still using at least a substantial amount of alcohol. With her Effexor, an antidepressant also used for anxiety, she was prescribed Neaurontin (gabapentin). I am so afraid of an overdose, especially with the alcohol. She has a history of suicide attempts. The gapapentin MG adds up to about 12,000 MG, probably more. If she were to take the whole bottle, with alcohol, is it lethal? As in, will she die? Or will she just sleep it off? That is, taken with alcohol. please, someone who knows this medication help me!!!!!!! p/s excuse any misspells thanks		
Why do so many uneducated, stupid people here think alcohol and tobacco arent drugs			Additional Details Michael ... no son, you only dislike alcohol and tobacco because you "believe" they are against your religious "beliefs". With YOU, education has NOTHING to do with it.	
Alcoholic drinks at chilis		My boyfriend and i will be going to chilis for valentines day and i wanted to know what suggestions there was for drinks. Personally I dont think they have a wide selection of drinks thats the only down side of chilis. Ive only really had their long island because nothing else stands out. I dont care for beer. I like more of the sweet/strong drink, but nothing really strong that all you can taste is the strong alcohol. Any suggestions? whats are you favorites?	Additional Details has anyone tried their Sparkling Pomegranate Margarita. What would you it tastes like? Ive had their raspberry or wild berry not sure what it was called but it was frozen.	
Should I stop bringing alcohol to school		Im in highschool, I did it twice last week, just a bit of white wine mixed with water in a teensy water bottle. It was so little, I was barely buzzed any of the time. Im just really weird<SEMCOL> when something bad happens to me in the day, I usually just write it down and mope about it. Now, I just take a swig. Then, Im less awkward, more talkative. I can still concentrate, I dont know, maybe its just a comfort to me, or a placebo effect. No one will find out, either. Still, I feel like I would be looked down on in society, and Im pretty prone to addictions so it might become something more. My therapist says she wont tell my parents or anyone about anything I tell her unless Im in mortal danger. But I dont see a reason to tell her. Its not problem.		
Why are alkenes on the alcohol oxidation level		I dont think I need to add any more information, but please explain in detail if possible. Also will the reason why alkynes are found in the aldehyde oxidation level be the same as this? If not please explain that as well thanks!		
Is it a problem to be 19 and always wanting alcohol Or is it a side effect of the college life		Like, feeling depressed when you cant get alcohol... Or just always wanting tequila. Like seriously, always. wanting. tequila.		
Help my son is killing himself with drugs and alcohol		his dad died a month before his deployment in Afghanistan ended..A man whom he and his brothers worshipped..He spent a year earlier in Iraq.He is drinking everday..Hurt his back and started on lortab and now I think hes on coke.He has sold his kids ipad and cant keep any money..he missed his yellow ribbon ceremony this week end..He gets violent and knocks holes and walls tears up tv and cell phones and hes only 26 I fear for his wife and newborn and his 3 and 8 yr old boys..he said he told his sergeant he needed help and he said "everyone" has problems..Who can I contact He wont give me his commanders name.He needs intensive in patient drug and alcohol treatment and I dont know if the judge can force him into anything other than anger management.he told me he needs help or he feels he may die.		
What will happen if for a day no alcohol,tabacoo product used would it effect economy 		I am not against or for the use of this product, just asking will it effect a nations economy badly ?		
What are alternatives to dealing with depression and anxiety with alcohol			I gave up on the poor-people mental health program. Did it for a year and it was just a bad experience, they can not help me. So Ive started drinking because there are so many other people that do it so it must work for me too. Thing is, I live in my car and even just sleeping in it drunk, if I get a jackass cop he could write me a DUI for sleeping in the bed I made on the passenger side... or open container or some other BS... it would destroy me. I have a lot of crippling anxiety that has caused me to have erosive gastritis since I was a kid. I have major depression to. If I could get some pot Id smoke that too. No, I dont drive drunk. Im depressed, not stupid.	
In the lab, Melissa has two solutions that contain alcohol and is mixing them with each other. She ...HELP!!!		In the lab, Melissa has two solutions that contain alcohol and is mixing them with each other. She uses twice as much Solution A as Solution B. Solution A is 20% alcohol and Solution B is 17% alcohol. How many milliliters of Solution B does she use, if the resulting mixture has 399 milliliters of pure alcohol? NUMBER OF MILLILITERS OF SOLUTION B:_____________		
Does this mean they are only testing for alcohol Why wouldnt they test everything, curious.		https://s.yimg.com/hd/answers/i/48b3a27c?		
My dad has started to hide alcohol		Ive always known my dad likes a drink every now and then but it seems to have moved to the next level. When I visit him he takes a while to come to the door and when I ask him why he always makes a different excuse up. I figured out that when I come round he hides the alcohol that hes drinking at that moment in the cupboard and I found a massive stash hidden under some blankets. Ive comfronted him about it but he says he likes to drink but hes not an alcoholic, its healthy etc etc and then pulls the guilt card to make me feel sorry for him. Does he sound like an alcoholic? What can I do to get him to realise he has a problem?how can I help him? I dont know what to do and I just want him to stop before it kills him. (Hes 64 and drinking that much cant be a good thing)		
A chemist mixes two solutions of alcohol to make 200 ml of a 22% solution of hydriodic acid. if the first solu		a chemist mixes two solutions of alcohol to make 200 ml of a 22% solution of hydriodic acid. if the first solutions is 10% solution and the second solution is 30% solution, how much of each solution is in the mixture		
What is the substitute for 100% isopropyl alcohol to be used in the Cloud Chamber		Where can I buy it in the Philippines?		
Should the alcohol and marijuana age(Colorado and washington) be lowered Why or why not				
How much taxes to import alcohol in the US from France		Could somebody tell me how much taxes would I pay to import 11oz bottles and 169oz barrels of a 24 proof ready-to-serve mojito cocktail. To have an idea, I would like to import 100 000 bottles and 20 000 barrels. Thx !		
How much alcohol for a group of 18 people camping		Ok so since my 18th is during the exams I obviously cannot celebrate with friends as much as Id like, so we all agreed wed go camping (Cant go clubbing as half of them arent 18 yet.) My friend stays on a remote farm, and we have access to one of the fields for a weekend. The group will be around 18-20 people, and since its the last time I will see many of them before moving to go to university I have offered to buy the drinks. Its a mixed group of guys and girls who all love a party! Anyway just wanted to know what you guys thought of the following list and if you had any ideas to add on or whatever, also dont need to worry about keeping things cool during the heat as we already have coolers and ice sorted :). 2x 1 litre Russian Standard Vodka 1x 70cl Kraken Spiced Rum 1x 70cl Cuervo Gold Tequila 1x 70cl Amaretto 1x 70cl Jack Daniels 1x 5 litre keg Old Speckeled Hen Draught Beer 2x 10 Can Stella Artois Cidre 2x 24 Budweisser (Piss water I know, but its popular in the group and cheap.) I dont need to worry about mixers, the others have that and food covered. Do you think all of that will be enough?	Additional Details Going to drop one crate of bud in favour of one more mini keg of Old Speckeled Hen Draught, or another Draught mini keg if I find one. Any others that people would reccomend? I need to keep one crate of bud unfortunately...some of the lads havent quite discovered how **** it is yet.	
What is the highest proof alcohol can be		Like I know 200 proof is pure alcohol, someone is trying to sell 210 proof, is that even possible?	Additional Details Oh No Im not trying to buy alcohol!!!! gross, these group of people on twitter were arguing about it! So I was just curious!	
How many shots of alcohol would it take to kill you		iv honestly drank 750 milliliter bottle of 40% alcohol to the dome. How much alcohol would a man around 6 foot 170lb need to take to kill themselfs. Im not suicidal dont worry im just curious		
Is it safe to eat molo motion lotion with alcohol denatured in it		I just bought some MOLO motion lotion for my gf and I tuck out of the package and one of the ingrediensts for this product is ALCOHOL DETURED and I know it is ethinal but would it be safe for her it says it edible and sold every where.		
I have developed an alcohol intolerance		Recently every time i drink no matter how much or how little, i have a really bad reaction. I wake up at about 5am, no matter what time i have gone to sleep, and i get the worst diarrhoea and nausea to the point that i cant leave the bathroom for hours and hours, because im so dizzy i cant move, it also gets to the point that my stomach is so empty i start to dry heave. I have tried drinking good quality alcohol (i mainly drink vodka), i have tried sticking to one type of alcohol all night. i have tried eating before i go to sleep, and having a big meal before i go out. im not a massive drinker i guess you could say i binge. Im not sure if this is related to the contraceptive pill im on, or if i just have IBS, is it worth me going to the doctors or will they just laugh and tell me i need to just stop drinking? Im only 20 years old i really hope this isnt the end of my drinking days. Any advice? Thanks		
POLL---Have you abused drugs or alcohol at some point in your life		I have not		
Will doing a water fast lower my tolerance to alcohol		Im afraid the first beer I have at the beach or something will go right to my head. Should I wait like a week after fasting to drink? I would say Im between a light and moderate drinker so my tolerance is average.	Additional Details im asking this question here because theres even less adults in the health section, surprisingly.	
If the consumption of alcohol wasnt legal as well as socially and culturally accepted, then..		Would most of the arguments for marijuana legalization collapse? Since alcohol seems to serve as a reference point for so many arguments for pot legalization..		
Mixing hydrocodone with alcohol		I took a 10mg hydrocodone last Thursday and drank two tall white russians and a pitcher of beer. I did not eat dinner before doing this. I threw up repeatedly that night and almost took myself to the hospital. However, I woke up the next morning and spent the rest of the weekend free from alcohol or any sort of prescription drug. As of now, four days later, I still do not feel 100%. My stomach aches from time to time and my appetite is not quite back to normal. Please, save me from any criticism, because I know now how stupid it was to ever do this and I never plan on doing anything of the sort ever again. Is there any chance I did permanent harm to my body? Any knowledgable advice will help! By the way I am 22, 62" and weigh 175 lbs.		
Will I have to drug test for a alcohol assessment		Got a impaired driving for obviously drinking and driving, and I will be going to my pre sentencing/Alcohol assessment. On my court papers, it does not say drug AND alcohol assessment, it just says alcohol assessment. So, will I have to perform a drug test for my alcohol assessment. Preferably answered by someone who had done an alcohol assessment before? Either way, thank you!		
Should I get a lawyer for being sites for 25662 BP (minor in possession of alcohol)		So earlier this week, a cop was questioning me and some friends because someone reported streakers (which wasnt us) and asked me why the left side of my jacket was hanging lower. I was on my colleges campus at night, I owned up to it and told him it was a bottle of rum which I gave to him. He then wrote up a ticket and Im really worried for several reasons. I should also mention that I have no previous anythings. No driving tickets, no other anything. Clean record. Since I have to go to court, Im wondering if I should get a lawyer cause I DO NOT want a misdemeanor on my record, and I cant get my license suspended for a year. Im sure itll also be a fun conversation with my parents to ask for a lawyer. I should add that Im 20 years old, I turn 21 in September. What should I do???		
My sgpt is 139.why thats very high.i take a drink alcohol.im very affraid that reason..plz advice me		last six month i take a drugs and alcohol.		
Will I have to drug test for a alcohol assessment		I got an impaired driving. My BAC was .11 Will I be performing a drug test for my Alcohol assessment?		
Calculate volune per drop of alcohol		Calculate volume per drop of alcohol (mL/drop). 356 drops were required to deliver 2.0 mL of reagent alcohol.		
Why was my alcohol confiscated at an airport		I recently purchased duty free items (1 litre of vodka and 250 grams of tobacco) whilst waiting at an airport in Nairobi. The flight took me to Amsterdam where I remained in the airport to catch my connecting flight to London Heathrow. Whilst boarding at Amsterdam, a security officer confiscated the Vodka saying it wasnt allowed on board as I had brought it in Nairobi. However, he also said if I had purchased the Vodka here in Amsterdam airport it would have been allowed on board. Since either way when the Vodka is purchased it is still duty free, and I had not left the airport, can anyone explain the logic in this? (He allowed me to keep the tobacco though).		
Why does alcohol make my eyes grey and glassy the next day		I am not referring to the redness which can occur in eyes that are very white		
I saw my old friend from highschool drinking alcohol		I asked him "I thought you were Muslim" He said "I am Musl, but I am a liberal Muslim" I said "I didnt know liberal muslims drink. I thought I was liberal" ...who made more sense. Me or him?		
Should drug/alcohol addicts be put in jail or in a hospital.		Im doing a 5 paragraph paper on why or why not drug/alcohol addicts should or shouldnt be put in prison...anybody have any debate or any back up to prove which ones right...?		
How does a parents drug and alcohol abuse negatively effect a new born child				
