Alcoholism doesnt have to be progressive (It can be because your liver builds up a tolerance.) but if you always just drink 2-3 drinks a day, but find you literally cannot go one day without them, you could be considered an alcoholic just as much as a black out drunk could. The main issue is that he cant seem to stop. If he actually stuck to his limits, then he may not be an alcoholic. But someone who drinks to get drunk, and cant stop themselves deffinitley is, even if it is just one or two days a week. When my mom was younger she got alcohol poisoning, and the doctor told her if she could go 3 months without having a single drink, she didnt have a drinking problem. I think the same process would apply to your husband. If he cannot stop drinking for any period of time, he has a problem. Also, even if he does it only once a year, no one should consuming a fifth + of whiskey on their own.0
Consult a psychiatrist.0
I cant speak for myself on this one Charlotte but, I can tell you that, having seen a friend go through something very similar and there is hope in the long term (possibly short term). It may sound really stupid but, contact Relate (assuming you are in the UK) - they are not only there for marriage break ups etc - they offer a multitude of advice and help and can also recommend other people to speak to - as can the Citizens Advice Bureau. Both these organisations hold a wealth of information and in some cases will even represent you in court - if it comes to that. My friend made the initial appointment with Relate and within 6 months (after sorting out her drink problem) - was welcoming her son back home. It is not all stacked up against you - even though you may think it is.0
Tell him there is nothing more creepy than drunk 50 yr old guy hitting on a drug addict whore,and instead of feeling sorry for himself, he needs to go to church, repent and GOD will forgive him for all he has done and his life will get better, otherwise it will just get worse until he drinks himself to death.It is his choice in the end hon.I know this sounds harsh but he NEEDS to hear it ESPECIALLY the part about how he creeps you out when he does certain things when he is drunk.2
You need to forgive your mother for what her alcoholism has done to your family and realize that now that you are grown it really has nothing to do with you any more. People either let the past rule them or they let it go and move on and if you really care about this man, you need to forgive, even your own feelings towards her, and realize what you wrote in the posting - hes nothing like your mother and he knows how you feel so makes sure he doesnt overdo. You can shake the feeling of being scared and your anger towards him is not justified - you are putting your anger towards your mother on him. Let it go, move on, enjoy this man you have - he sounds way more considerate then most you hear about - dont let the past control your future! Good luck!2
too late you are there already. denial is a sign. you stated you always drink. so you have the disease0
none
none
Wyoming. Because lets be honest...what else is there to do there? ?To whoever said Massachusetts...As a person from Connecticut living right near the Mass border...I also agree. Thats why we call them massholes. But Im Irish..so stfu3
If drinking were illegal people would drink illegally. Why not get rid of automobiles? Then no one could drive under the influence of any substance.8
Im Italian, so I grew up drinking wine from about age 5 with most evening meals. I think that its just a nice drink (dont try to get drunk off wine, it gives you the worst possible hangovers). I dont drink beer (unless Im already tipsy), because I dont like the taste, but I do drink spirits. The best drinks ever are sloe gin and lemonade, vodka and diet coke, and brandy and coke. Personally, I drink to get tipsy, not drunk. Tipsy is nice, its fun, it makes you loosen up and have a laugh. Drunk makes you feel ill and forget large chunks of the evening. I dont need alcohol to live, but life would be pretty boring without it.1
yes he has standing and if he presses the issue he can legally get visitation of your child " supervised or not " all he will have to do is get a lawyer and take you to court costing you money but what you can do b4 that happens is video tape everything every time he is around and produce those tapes in court if he wishes to pursue it in that manner but until then he has no standing or legal right to see your child so if he just shows up call the police cause if like you said he is a drunk the police will take him to jail and all you have to do is spend $10 on his arrest record which you will produce in court and with everything else he has no chance of ever seeing your child legally with out your permission.. Brother went through almost the same thing with him his girl and her father.Hope it helps.0
Im pretty sure that an alcohol addiction is not a gene. Its more of a resort to mollify lifes problems. I wouldnt really know because I dont drink, but thats what Ive been told. I dont think that you will, but for the best result, dont drink at all. Thats really the best option to choose.0
My dad is and has been addicted to cigarettes alcohol, and hes fat and pathetic. Dont go down the same path <31
It wont be fully cleansed, everytime you drink it simply adds to the damage, depending on how much you drink how much you drunk before Christmas would depend on how long it would take to cleanse it.2
..I certainly can and do understand your situation and especially your feelings about all of this..I do believe you have an alcohol issue, and should probably not or never drink again, which is the only thing we can do if we want to have any kind of healthy life..You can go to Alcoholics Anonymous where you will find thousands of others, some just like your self..Be grateful you know this now, and did not have to lose everything or hit your bottom before getting help..I was not this fortunate, but am now sober for over 6 years and am very grateful I now have a life...Congrats on your willingness to seek out and get the help you need..Take care & God Bless.0
It doesnt matter whether it is a good thing or not, we dont need the government protect us from ourselves. The Our government is the to protect us from criminals and invaders like the illegal aliens, not to protect us from our self. I want the government to stay out of my life and do what they are suppose to do. The police is not responsible for protecting the individual as the Supreme Court has ruled, so stay the phuck out of my life and protect this country from illegal invaders like those that come to out country from south of our border. I can take care of the rest of it, and if I want to smoke, or even commit suicide that is my right.3
Yeah, youre a bundle of laughs. You should have them rolling in the aisles at the next AA meeting, which you really need to attend.0
Well, it sounds pretty obvious that you have a problem and that you know you have a problem with alcohol, you do things that are dangerous not only to yourself, but also to others with no sense of wanting to stop so yes, you sound like an alcholic, because you sound like someone who uses alcohol to drown away their problems and painful past but most of all, you seem unable to take control of your drinking problem, thats really what makes you an alcoholic, at least in my mind btw, you dont need to become your parents, go and get help, its never too late2
hahahahaha no she isnt a alcoholic shes 13 dumbass0
your situation sounds very familiar to me. ive been on antideppressant since i was 12 and also had a mother with a sever drinking problem. all i can really tell you is to be strong until your old enough to move out. and be very careful not to follow in her footsteps. alcoholism is hereditary.1
alcohol is a drug to dummy1
none
In a lot of cases alcohol eases pain. then you drink it so much, that your body physically becomes dependent on it, and to with out it, is not only physically painful, but mentally painful as well. And take it from someone who has two alcoholic parents (my mom has been clean now for 7 years) its not easy witnessing someone drink their life away, bur theyll never break away until they want to. And do not condone, or supply the addiction.1
none
Coke usually makes it harder to sleep, no matter how drunk you are. Id say "jitters" is a very mild description of a coke hangover... I usually feel like a starving etheopian the next day... which is why I dont touch the stuff anymore.experience1
Wait.. Are you serious or what?1
none
none
Be brave. You are doing the right thing ...............for all concerned.1
ecstacy is not safe by any means.1
Yep.. I agree. I think its stupid. If Im not considered cool because I dont drink or smoke, idgaf.http://formspring.me/mariah13971
Yes, its called the DTs (delirium tremens).1
substance dependency is not genetic but since behavior is often picked up from those around you, your current habits can tell you if youre liable to undergo them as well later in life. the key is having the will power to choose what you want to do with your life. good luck3
How soon after alcohlic withdrawal do seizures occur0
Well, Pisces is the most susceptible to addiction out of all the signs. I dont do drugs and only take alcohol for recreation but I dont judge people who go overboard. Its been a very long time since I got drunk. Pisces are easily HOOKED. They can be hooked on things, good or bad. Vices, academics, romance, video games, spirituality, a song and so on.5
none
You are a good aunt. Have your brother call the school system where he lives and ask for the people who work with early childhood/preschool program. The federal law says children with difficulties must be served from birth to age 22. She needs to be evaluated and the school will tell him how to go about that. Good luck!1
It sounds like she has a personality that is very prone to addiction. She sounds like she may have other issues as well, which might benefit from professional help. You can recover from addictions, but they dont really go away, in the sense that you cannot resume use of a substance to which youve previously been addicted without running the very real risk of falling into addiction again. Thus, alcoholics (for example) remain alcoholic for life, even though they may recover from their alcoholism by abstaining permanently from alcohol. A recovered addict is, for all practical purposes, the same as anyone else, except that he can never touch the substance to which he was previously addicted without the risk of a major relapse.0
No, because to the extent someone can become addicted physically or psychologically to any substance, its bad.0
none
You know the right thing to do and you know the wrong thing to do. At this point its about willpower. I dont think you have it, because youre in denial about your disease. No point in talking to you until youre ready to listen and stop.1
good shiit im with u on this im 15 btw1
Yes.0
Some people like to work hard and party hard.0
Weed causes lung problems.... It has the same amount of tar as ten cigerettes.1
The actual risk of being an alcoholic is very low. Of the millions of people on the planet that drink, very few are alcoholics. Breaking it down we find most people are social drinkers having few drink in a year or a few drinks weekly. Then there are drinkers that drink more often but still only a couple of drinks of couple of days a week. Then we begin the minority of drinkers that drink heavily. These people can be binge drinkers that drink on weekends but drink heavily or drink a few times a month and drink heavily. These people may do it for a lifetime with no other issues or some do become alcoholics. Finally, we find the very smallest group of people that either have a genetic predisposition to becoming an alcohol abuser or an alcoholic. The abuser might be a form of an addiction condition-this case being addiction to alcohol. For the person that had a genetic predisposition (science is still discovering just what gene it is) they can not help themselves. The risk for these last two groups are very high. They may be addicted from the first drink or not until years of drinking. It varies but some say that less than (<5%) of drinkers are or become alcoholics. Compare that to cocaine and heroin and meth. http://www.enotalone.com/article/5540.ht    http://www.nida.nih.gov/infofacts/heroin    2010 Census Count U.S. Census Bureau Director Robert Groves announces that the 2010 Census showed the resident population of the United States on April 1, 2010, was 308,745,538. http://2010.census.gov/2010census/#panel    Of these 4% lets say more than 50% die from health related issue brought about by alcohol abuse. Lets compare that to other "diseases." 12, 349, 821.5 Alcoholics of the 308,745,538 USA population 6, 174, 910.76 die from the disease of alcoholism Cardiovascular Disease Statistics "Estimates for the year 2006 are that 81,100,000 people in the United States have one or more forms of cardiovascular disease (CVD)." http://www.americanheart.org/presenter.j    Speedog of YA on Smoking and Cancer http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?    "Every year, close to 344,000 Americans die of lung disease. Lung disease is Americas number three killer, responsible for one in seven deaths." (Page 3) http://www.lungusa.org/assets/documents/    "The current estimated human population for the planet earth in 2010 is 6,865,300,000 by the United States Census Bureau. The United Nations estimates that world population will be over the 7,000,000,000 mark in 2011. Recent U.N. organized surveys performed in multiple countries have found the average percentage of people who suffer from some sort of cancer is 31%. The American Cancer Society has found similar numbers in its studies of North and South America." Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/What_percentag    " Risks of alcoholism is a very small fraction of the problems of this planet that currently ails us.1
If you feel that you are depressed and your parents wont listen to you then you should see your guidance counselor or school psychologist. there are also many hot lines available in every state and they are there to talk to or listen to you and try to guide you1
Do whatever you want with your life. If you choose alcohol or drugs, its your body you should know whats best for it. But being a heavy drinker in my opinion is just as and as drugs.0
Well its what they choose - so be it. You can choose to be part of them, or not0
The thing about alcoholic and drug addicts is that they have addictive personalities and to give up their "drug of choice" but to start something else is the same thing. I think I have heard of what drug you speak of, the one "miley Cirus" is so famous for supposedly smoking in her bong. It supposedly isnt a drug but a legal herb. But we can be addicted to ANYTHING. Addictions ruin and control our lives. You have already started your addict behavior with this one with your husband...by hiding it from him. It is always your choice, but if you need something to "relax" its probably not ok. Try yoga or meditation hon.52 yrs of experience of raising 2 boys with addict behavior. I did A LOT of reading and counseling with them for help.1
Nope.. Completely different0
get a friend to watch over you and go cold turkey , IF you are healthy , it only takes about 2 days. if you are older than 30 talk to a doctor first to see if you need medicine to calm your blood pressure during the process. prepare to puke a lot....good luck0
Yes, it is. Actually, we must not give money to the poors. If we really want to help them, we can Distribute them food or educate them through the help of government!0
yes, it is still possible. being alcoholic depends in the behavior of a person. he/she decides whether what he/she do is already excessive.1
Just try to think, why does a man drink? He may be living a miserable life, just to forget his sorrow he drinks. Instead of stopping him from drinking, we must do some positive efforts that shall help the misery, pain, sorrow, unhappiness and problems of his life to be reduced or finished. If he is able to live a happy life again than why shall he drink? The basic quality of alcohol is it helps to forget. And thus by drinking we tend to forget our sorrow. But when we are happy    Neither of us would like to drink and forget those joyful moments. When dealing with a person who has a drinking problem, you should not hate him nor instruct him nor stop him. Do not try to make him understand. You love him, respect him, and accept him the way he is. Do not look at him with the eyes fill with hatred towards him. Always do not raise you finger against him. Might be, if he gets your love and respect he would agree to give his life a new start in a new way. When we respect somebody then he too thinks that how shall he continue to be respectful? He will refrain him from doing those things that can bring down his respected image. When he will live with happiness in home, receive love and affection<SEMCOL> his pain and problems will be reduced, his tensions will be lowered and than automatically he will stop drinking. This would be an indirect of making him to stop drink. If you directly say somebody that you must stop drinking, he would not listen. That   s what people have been trying since many years and it did not brought any fruitful results.1
none
Sounds to me, you might need to have yourself committed to a psych-ward, because youre spinning out of control. You really need to hit the reset button, clean yourself up, and start over, start building up a positive life, with a future, and surround yourself with positive people.(not with users, and abusers) But first things first, call your doctor, and check into a hospital. Good luck, and stay strong.0
Try Salvia first its very similar to an LSD or Shroom trip except it only lasts a few minutes so in case you dont like it is quick. And its also like smoking weed...which I guess your used to1
none
if you can still speak coherently your not drunk. continue drinking until no can understand even the most simple monosylabic words you have to say. also if you can clearly recall the events that had occured more than 7 seconds prior then you are also not drunk. after you have reached you goals you should probably go to the mall and hit on older guys. older men really respect a young drunk girl because she has displayed a maturity level beond that of her years.2
Really? Because my parents taught me to stay the hell away from drugs and alcohol, and I have, even as an adult. I actually care about my body and my potential to have children and the past of alcoholism I have coming from both sides of the family. Its not unrealistic, its good parenting.1
it all depends on the amount he does and how often he does it. alcohol doesnt kill you nearly as fast as cocaine but once again, you cant estimate because its the side factors as well, if he eats right, doesnt lose too much weight etc2
Instead of drugs and alcohol<SEMCOL> try poetry, Mozarts Requiem, hanging out with non-drinking friends, reading, or any of a hundred other things. Its a LOT easier to quit these things early than it is to try and do so after years of use. If you are doing these things to fit in with your friends, find new friends. If you drink alcohol for the taste, try mixing pineapple juice with ginger ale, its got bite.My mother and uncle died young from complications caused by drinking.1
are you kidding? Alchohol and grits are WAY worse for you. Alcohol and grits kill people, weed doesnt. Weed is easier to get. Weed doesnt reek as bad as grits or alcohol. With alcohol you can puke, or get poisoning or pass out, not with weed. With grits it can affect your breathing, get you addicted and just messes your body up, plus they dont taste great, not with weed. Plus, you trip balls on bud!!! Basically WEED=HEAVENLY ALCH and CIGS=CRAP THAT KILLS YOUIM IN LOVE WITH WEED! and used to be a drinker and grit toker but quit cause its so bad for you2
An alcoholic realizes he has a problem. A drunkaholic enjoys his hobby.2
F^ck no. I knew a guy who died because of that :S I really hate when kids resort to drugs, alcohol, and CUTTING their damn wrists when there are so many alternative options that are actually beneficial. Writing, drawing, working out, crying, listening to music, hanging with friends/family - the list goes on.2
Doing Heroin is like feeling the best youve ever felt in the world, orgasm x 100000. You feel out of this world and like you say floating in the clouds. Its certainly not about chatting up women. Alchohol isnt even on the same level as it especially when trying to get over it. Once you do Heroin a few times and become addicted all you can think about is feeling as good as you are again when youre on it. You feel awful after you sober up a lot of people are constantly sick the whole day cant eat etc, Obviously this doesnt help because it makes you want to do it again and feel better Advice-dont do it iv seen many people struggling to overcome addictionCounceller at drug/alcohol rehabilitation centre1
none
lack of education1
I needed only to read the first two lines. Get him out of your life.0
none
none
An alcoholic cant just not be an alcoholic on Monday-Thursday. It doesnt work like that. If I were you I would leave him because obviously he isnt going to change.2
none
I divorced my alcoholic ex-husband 21 years ago. At that time we had three small children. I did what was best for my children. It was sad and it was hard, but we did it. They are all grown and on their own now. Their father never changed. His new wife at one point even blamed them for his drinking because they never came around. He passed away in January from complications due to his drinking. He was only 54. I never spoke ill of him. They learned on their own. Live the truth for your childrens sake. You will all win in the end. Prayers and good luck to you, Maureen3
yes0
Beer and other alcoholic drinks are loaded with empty calories. Whoever told you that they dont make you gain weight lied. Have you ever heard the term, "beer belly"? Beer contains wheat and other contents that dont just burn by itself. My favorite mixed drink is a margarita, and that is about 500 calories.1
go chop down some trees with a blunt axe. i.e turn your fat into muscle by moving your a*s around a bit.1
Our culture has been changing... "Generation Zero", aka the Hippies, set up a culture where there are no boundaries, individual happiness takes president over the health and welling of the species, and gratification must come INSTANTLY... They set up the idea that there are no differences between men and women and that when women dont want to have mindless random sex, she is being "Oppressed" by the big bad evil... Well... The government, the bible thumpers, etc. etc. etc. and that it is perfectly normal and perfectly healthy for a 12 year old to get it on with a 19 year old if she wants to express her sexuality... No one can tell you how to raise your kids... No one can tell you that your "Lifestyle Choice" of being an abusive, mentally ill addict is doing severe harm to your family, friends, society, and most importantly your kids... We ignore the rates of physical, verbal, sexual, and mental abuse because it is the last big taboo to talk about it... We refuse to admit that addiction has MAJOR genetic components and that when you throw together genetic addiction with rampant, pandemic abuse in the home, you get a clusterfu*k of extremes that have changed the average "Alcoholic" from the "Immoral Chicks" and "Quaint Town Drunks" into higher and higher acts of self destruction before FORCED into treatment. A majority of people in In-Treatment Rehab have a severe trauma history... They grew up in an abusive home where drugs/alcohol was the catalyst for the abuse and they are told to be ashamed of getting help so they turned to substances for affect regulation... Then things finally got out of control and they had the near death experience or run in with the law and were forced into treatment... We have a narcissistic culture where we encourage bad behavior in our celebrates and then have our children growing up in the TMZ Culture who then try to emulate their rich and famous idols. If you REALLY want to learn more about this complex topic, check out two books by Doctor Drew Pinsky called "Cracked" and "The Mirror Effect". Cracked comes in 2 versions but they are the same... I think he added a chapter or changed the introduction between the first printing with Humpty Dumpty on the cover and the later version with his face on the cover. I got both of mine from a Used Bookstore but they sell them online and in stores new. Being able to look inside the life of one of the most interesting addiction medicine specialists and radio, tv, film, and literary celebrity really gives you perspective on what is REALLY going on around you.0
Youve got to get him into rehab. He needs substance abuse counseling and probably some medication to help wean him off the booze. If he really loves his family, hell do it for them. If he wont do it, leave him. Its different with a blood relative (e.g., your brother). You cant really "leave" a sibling or parent. But with a boyfriend, its all fair game. Otherwise -- the next thing you know, the stress of it all might find YOU becoming the one with an alcohol addiction. Answer mine please? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>   1
Without God your efforts are worthless. Unless God builds the house the builders built it in vain.0
The other poster here nailed it. He is bang on. Ive been married to a man with an addicitve personality for 35 years. Years ago he went through detox for alcohol. He was good about not drinking, however next he got addicted to codeine/painkillers. Had to go through the whole withdrawl etc again. Then he figured he hadnt had a drink in 15 years, and hed have the odd glass of wine. The odd glass of wine turned into wine everyday. Next thing hes right back at it. More detox. Another hellish week. Its been quite a few years now, and I think hes finally got it. Our Dr has told him he has an addictive personality. My husband is the same with food. Hell eat the same thing for lunch for a year. Or hell buy a certain kind of candy. He makes sure he never runs out of them. It drives me crazy, but at least a candy doesnt hurt him. So you see, that drinking will turn into another problem for your friend. He cant drink or do drugs ever again.0
well, what a kind heart you have... it is alright to help people , who wish to b helped... you can`t make them if they`re not ready. perhaps, he needs to fully dry out. you say his brain seems fried? well, you say he still drinks, but not that much.. you know what, all that something hidden, that you wonder about, may catch you up. he does not need to b drinking, or the little brain power he has left, is going down... you wanna help him, maybe his mom, should refer him to get proffessional help. if he says no, then you will know, where his brain wants to be..so be careful with your kind heart. i learned long ago, your kindness can get you caught up in some crap as well as worser... take care..real deal, life, aunts, cousins and more...1
Both are equally damaging in excess. I recommend several healthier alternatives: 1. Exercise - exercise boosts several brain chemicals which help control stress and improve mood. Mild to moderate exercise also helps your brain to grow and to make new neural connections, rather than to die (as in your ideas). 2. Eat "happy    foods - try indulging in foods like chocolate and berries right before your date. They will make you feel better, sexier, and they are good for your brain. 3. Get plenty of sleep! Adequate sleep beforehand will prepare you for a taxing night out...more so than anything else! 4. Deep breathing - deep breathing will help keep your mind and body relaxed through out the night. Practice taking 10 deep breathes at a time. Breath in deeply, hold for a few seconds, then exhale. Practice, practice, practice, before your date and you will be able to perform this relaxing strategy effortlessly when you need it the most. 5. Start taking a good multivitamin if youre not already. I personally like the Trader Joes brand. They dissolve well and keep me feeling great! 6. Lastly, you might consider adding Saint Johns Wart and/or 5HTP supplements to your daily vitamin. You can purchase these at your local drug or health foods store. Be sure to check with your health care provider first, but these are two supplements which have a good history of improving mood. (You need to take them for a few weeks to a month to feel the full effects.)Psychology major0
I think you should definitely tell her parents, but make them swear not to tell who let them know. If shes even doing these things, even without being addicted, theyd be destroying her life, but if shes already addicted, then it means she has some serious brain chemical imbalance issues that need medication. Lithium or some other antidepressants can balance a person who is seeking these things out, so that they dont search to "self medicate" with things that only feel right for a few minutes but are in fact destroying her body and mind and any future she might have. If she doesnt stop, theyll be burying her soon. .0
AA is a very good organization. If you have had a personal problem as a result of your contact, you need to get in touch with a different chapter and get them straightened out.0
I cant even fathom what youre going through. Get help from your schools guidance counselor.0
everyone wants to keep drinking when theyre already drunk, even im pissed when i finish my last beer.0
in my opinion, when you lose control is where alcoholism starts. if you want a few beers in your free time i dont think that means you are addicted1
Youre much better off not drinking if you have a history of drinking to excess. Ive been to hundreds of AA meetings, and I found it to be a religious cult. You dont need God to help you stop drinking. I did it by myself. AA meetings just made me want to drink more. It sounds like youre doing well, and youve found some insight into the problems that made you drink. Work those out with a therapist.2
Just ask yourself. Is this the way I want to live the rest of my life? Can you take another thirty years of this? I think then the answer you seek will come a little easier.2
You are in a danger zone.1
Why would you even want him to choose? Dump him!!0
To tell you the truth you are comparing opposites here. A high feeling feels like what you have described. It is totally different from having the feeling of drinking. Smoking does not make you really dizzy and does not slow things down like alcohol does. And for the part about if drinking is social or not, of course it is! You do it at parties you dont pass it around a circle like a bong. To sum it up, weed is relaxing, alcohol makes things fun. And as a side note, neither are of good beneficial value to your life, only for a short while.4
My advice is to become a part of the solution. Faith based 12 step recovery is snake oil...avoid it. Find people/ places that arent anti-science. Somewhat Ironically, I didnt get better until I distanced myself from the twelve step approach and researched scientific data from actual scientists...nutrition/ medication/ therapy. http://www.orange-papers.org/ Google "aa alternatives" as well. I can say with all honesty that faith based recovery, ESPECIALLY when compounded with NO other methods, is actually harmful.20 yrs addict/ alcoholic0
Hes a ticking time bomb and I dont want our son to suffer because of it. >> Do whats right for your son!protect your children3
none
It is part of college life1
none
none
i feel the same way its not worth it at all no body needs beer or whatever just to be happy its in there minds its really addicting i agree its illusion2
Forgive me if this posts twice. It froze up the first time. The bottom line is that alcohol and snorting oxyCONTIN will cause him to die. The only uncertainty is when. I am sorry for being so blunt, but that is the only answer.22 year paramedic1
Always read the advice leaflet you got with the medicine thoroughly before you take the medicine: --- Alcohol Alcohol can interact with certain medicines. In the case of Xanax: alcohol increases the sedative effects of Xanax *** You must not drink any alcohol if you are taking this medicine. *** --- Drugs are not sweets. You need to be careful with them.http://www.nhs.uk/medicine-guides/pages/   0
Hi, I cant be bothered to pretend that youve posted this on behalf of someone else. E and M-cat can mimic the effects of mental illness<SEMCOL> hypomania, impulsivity, low mood, psychotic symptoms, the works. Bipolar doesnt make you drink and take drugs. You decide to take drugs. If you were taking drugs within 6 months or so of diagnosis, and havent told your psychiatrist, its possible that the diagnosis youve been given is not valid, as its difficult to differentiate between the effects of drugs and mental illness, and it takes that long for your brain chemicals to settle down again after regular use. You cannot say that your medication caused your low mood if you were taking other substances at the time. If you ARE experiencing the effects of drugs rather than a mental illness, its possible that you dont need medication in the first place - you need a chat with your shrink. If you take psychoactive drugs at the same time as psychotropic medication, either the medication will stop the drugs from working or the drugs will stop the medication from working. Either way the drugs company / dealer wins. Either way, you lose. Im not anti-drugs, I did enough of them at your age, but some people get bad effects from them and some dont. It sounds like you do, so you need to think carefully about whether you want to be high, or mentally well. Sorry if you think this is harsh: you could always go with the first posters advice - hes even managed to get an arts degree in a science subject!1
even stevie wonder can see your an idiot4
I just found out I have fatty liver at the age of 36. I dont want to die early, so I quit drinking completely. If messing up your liver hasnt gotten you to quit, find a therapist and ask your doctor to put you on disulfiram, a drug that makes you violently ill even if you drink a pint.0
none
Im 15 and i have had an alcoholic beverage ( A Michelada ) it didnt get me drunk or anything tho lol. my life hasnt really changed :ppersonal expirience :p1
my middle school D.A.R.E. officer1
none
no treatment for alcohol. you drink in moderation or dont drink at all or lose everything for eternity depends on the drugs1
none
none
an alcoholic is somebody who feels they cannot function without drinking. it is not how much you drink or how often but why you drink that makes you an alcoholic or not. drinking lowers your ability to make choices and this can lead to very risky behavior.0
Yup. -My condolences. -Do You think your Mom will serve Beer at your Funeral ?? Let Us know... -More of Us may come... Hahahaha... :)0
Malteasers-oholic Mmmmmm3
I think it cannot be considered a disease. It is a habit. or Manner in which one wants to behave.own2
I think so. You could say uni students abuse alcohol, but theyre not necessarily addicted to it!1
none
No your not addicted. Once you drink, people tend to drink more than normal.0
In my case , I was born with a predisposed gene to addiction, my 1st drink @ the age of 12 I got drunk. 32yrs later I got sober, and life has been good . Your dad had a disease, and it killed him, and for that I am Truly sorry. Another way is a progressive way, you drink a lot, and one day you cross the invisible line, and their is no coming back Once you are that way, you will always be, the only way to win is dont drink17 yrs sober1
Four Loko1
Sorry....I stopped reading at "method addict"....3
None. Because you havent even drank0
none
Its all dependent on the amount they do, what type of drugs, and their tolerance.0
Dont drink it in the first place. Otherwise, youre just covering it up and it isnt going to work.1
I drank my way into my alcoholism one drink at a time. There was a point in my life when I lost control of my drinking once I began to drink. There is a phenomenon of craving that manifests itself in alcoholics that cannot be stopped once the alcoholic takes a drink.There was nothing worse for me than when I attempted to control my drinking, watching the clock, counting time until I could get another drink, terrified I would run out and not be able to find more. Fortunately for me I was given the gift of being relieved of my obsession to drink by Almighty God and the power of God through the 12 steps of AA. My last drink was Jan 30, 1994 and my life has gotten better ever since. I love being a recovered alcoholic and live every day to the fullest.My life in and out of the bottle0
They are taxed, and highly regulated.3
Real alcoholics can not generally limit their drinks.0
none
Ever had a hangover? A hangover is withdrawal, but in a short dose. The amount of withdrawal a person goes through depends on several factors. How tall that person is, how much they weight (body mass index), their personal tolerance, how much theyve had to drink, how long theyve been drinking, what theyve been drinking, etc. Symptoms will range from a minor hangover (nausea, migraines, body aches, shivering, cold flashes, hot flashes, etc) to a more severe form of the same. A typical hangover lasts up to 12 hours. Even with the most hardcore alcoholics, the actual withdrawal symptoms usually abate within the first 48 hours. Then its just the psychological effects that have to be dealt with.0
True, its harmful and mind altering and extremely bad for you.1
Check out an AA meeting. There are lots of people that are willing to share their experiences with you. No pressure, if you dont like it, go back to drinking. It might help answer some of your questions.Recovering alcoholic1
A.A. dude. and rehab. thats what im doing right now. sucks :/ but you gotta do it bro. i believe in you!!1
Ill say when you drink none stop...or when you act like you has to have it which makes you addicted1
if you spend all your money on it then youre addicted0
Sagittarius rising or Sun-sign.The Undertaker9
if alcohol was a newly discovered drug they would make it illegal. But because it is part of culture and so widely accepted in society (and the government get so much money from taxing it) it stays legal4
Yes, I give my under 16s alcohol. Occasionally, and a small amount. Id NEVER give them enough to get even fractionally tipsy. Im struggling with one glass of coke with a bit of rum in getting anyone tipsy, Im afraid. Someones being economical with the truth. Why would I care what the drinking laws are in Texas? I live in England.6
People have drank alcohol for thousands of years across the civilized world. The fermentation process made the liquid in alcohol safe to drink, while the water in streams and rivers carried parasites and giardia, both of which could kill a person. As a result, alcohol has more acceptance worldwide due to the fact that it saved humanity from diarrhea and death since 6000BC. Marijuana hasnt saved humanity from anything. N.B.: I use neither alcohol nor marijuana. Im simply stating historical facts.2
none
A councelor who specializes in substance abuse. Locate a drug and alcohol rehab. They also have outpatient programs that your loved one can attend if inpatient is not an option for him/her.0
No... I am addicted to culottes, but not alcohol.I love my modest culottes! :)1
try to stop drinking coffee1
Youre going through a deep craving. It would help if you had a sponsor, but I gather you dont. Did you learn any meditation or breathing exercises in rehab. Now, is the time to use them. Otherwise, go for a walk, and walk yourself through the craving. What will it be like if you take those pills? Play the tape, as they say. Think of your dads disappointment, the anxiety of being caught, the likelihood that the pills wont give you the high you crave, the risk that the pills could have unintended consequences, the likelihood that youll feel depressed afterwards, the risk that youll do harm to your dad (since he wont have his medication), and then try imagining the effect of the pills. Will it race your heart? Give you stomach aches? Affect your breathing? Make you unable to deal with things you need to deal with? Think of the positive too, but if youre honest you wont find much positive. Then, you need to develop healthy addictions, projects and interests that obsess you the way drugs do--whether its sports, arts, hiking, etc. I think learning a musical instrument is very useful because it involves the eyes, ears, and hands, making it difficult to crave. Cooking can also be like that since it involves the eyes, ears, nose, and hands. Like most addicts, you have built your life around drugs<SEMCOL> to overcome addiction you need to introduce some healthier behaviors. Lastly, ask your dad to please keep the drugs with him at all times because they test your resolve. Good luck.1
um, well the baby could have been born a crack baby (that sounds bad, but still) its possible the baby could have brain damage. ask your doctor0
The best thing to do is post this in another section because we are all readers and writers and we all have to Research certain things for our story so we either ask (well I personally dont) on yahoo in the correction section where there are people who know about this or use Google. Either was its up to you.2
Drinking alcohol because you need to rush to pee every 5 minute2
If they want... If they blow up an abortion clinic, maybe they should be deprived of their freedom of religion in jail. (You have no rights if you take lives)2
Most alcoholics are losers and do nothing, but drink. They dont fish, hunt, play tennis, travel, sigh seeing, beach, boating activities. So they are a loser doing nothing and then they start drinking and just do nothing else. But I think its bull that they are just addicted to drinking. For one thing so many people go to bars when they are young and start drinking, but many dont go to bars and never start the habit ti begin with. Ive been around people who drink when they get out of bed. Buit all they did was drink all day and did nothing.1
none
The health Nazi   s will tell you there can be severe problems later in life, damaged liver, heart disease, brain damage etc which are all very possible after a prolonged period of drinking. All I will say is dont worry about it too much as everyone is different and can therefore handle different amounts. Some of histories greatest minds were heavy drinkers, Churchill, Aristotle Vincent van Gogh etc. these people ultimately chose to lead a more fulfilling life constantly under a haze of alcohol. I myself drink around 16 pint of larger each night and up to 30 at the weekend, I am in control and having fun. I guess I   m saying dont believe all the doom and gloom about heavy drinking as its not all bad, dont worry about it. Regards1
She isnt forcing you to drink so whats the problem? You can hang out with people and not drink. Just like you can date people who drink without drinking....4
none
none
ur only 17: WHY would you be touching alchohol?0
none
Neither of them are alcoholics.1
Are you stoned or just incapable of writing an intelligible question?3
it can be, to some. you may be addicted and not know it.1
Its way easier looking at the brightside than the badside. Try something like this, A goal of being drug/alcohol free. Set a goal of trying to be drink free for a week. And say that youre much stronger when you arent using drugs or alcohol to solve your problems. Believe in her, support her.0
Yes1
Well hopefully it causes eye damage on you.. instead of your innocent daughter. Your a ****** up dumbass.1
As much as it hurts, truth is your friend has already started. Drugs and alcohol are terrible things to get into especially at that age but everyone is more than likely going to be curious or peer pressured into it eventually. Give your friend advice, support to stop, any type of encouragement. Be there for him/her, in the long run little things like this will go a long way. Make sure you do not let it get out of control! If you are willing to take up a new hobby with your friend, that will help alot! Best of luck!0
i am also an alcoholic who hasnt had a drink in 19 years i used to go to A.A.. & one slogankept jumping out at me K.I.S.S. keep it simpe stupid, it took time but i realised for so many years the thought of never drinking again drove me even deeper to drink, once i understood the message i realised i didnt have to give up the drink no i could have a drink but i didnt want one. I am not saying it was easy i had the D.TS but i did it a minute at a time & by the way in case you think i was okay let me tell you i lost my business, house,wife & children, i never got them back but i was sick & tired of being sick & tired & having blackoutsI am an alcoholic2
I have dealt with the same exact problem. My mom went years with it. Until one day, they had an intervention with her, and she went to rehab which is what she needed. She came out, id say, a year later and she was back and more loving than ever. Id try to see if you could schedule an intervention, for i think, that would start her road to being clean.0
To get away from the hate and bigotry they face in society obviously, which is sad but sadder yet. Very true.3
When you drink alcohol your brain pleasures from it and you 4get bout the tough times smoking is also kind of the same people harm themselves because they think theat then they will have another pain to think about and will be able to forget about their tough times. When you are worried either one eats a lot or eats nothing..its psychological :-)0
the taste, the buzz, drowing their sorrows. list is endless.0
its easier to tax than weed.0
none
Not as far as I know, but it can be psychologically addictive. It is also linked to drug induced psychosis (mental health problems) but not brain damage. Mental health problems associated with drug use can be serious, require profesional treatment and some people may never fully recover to the way they were before. If you dont want to play russian roulette with your mental health its best to stay away from drugs - after all they are illegal for a reason.3 years working in addiction clinics.0
Marijuana originally became illegal in Southern states as a way to jail illegal Mexicans. Then laws against it spread to other states because black jazz musicians did it and in the 20s white xenophobia still ruled but the main reason it became illegal was because William Randolph Hearst didnt want to compete with hemp and spread the refer madness with his newspaper empire. Since TV and computers werent around it was pretty easy to spread propaganda. Today it is still illegal partially because of ignorance. People think it has to be illegal for a good reason. The other reason is they dont know what to do with all the people serving life sentences for pot if they legalize it. Would they have to pay some sort of reparations if they decide it should be legal to people who have served 20 years in prison for it? Alcohol is legal because it makes too much money and prohibition didnt work. It just made more crime and caused more deaths than it did when it was legal.The history channel and my own research2
They should all be legal. If somebody wants to use any of those products they have made a choice, and so long as they dont break any laws while under the influence of any of these products, the Government shouldnt regulate or interfere with that persons choice. Small Government and respect of civil rights and liberties demands that all of these be legal, as the use of these products does not directly harm anyone else if used properly (i.e. not while driving).3
ALCOHOL BY FAR! THC has been proven to protect neurons in the brain, and inhibit (slow or reverse) various tumors and cancers, such as: Brain tumors Lung cancer Leukemia Prostate cancer Breast cancer ...and more, whereas alcohol just harms the liver without any benefit.2
Get some Olde English 40s and find out.1
none
Rehab - Amy Winehouse0
Easy, States rights. Let the people decide whether they want to legalize weed.9
1. Yes. Its not the biggest problem, but its up there. 2. Yes. My school makes sure we are very well educated, but I go to a private school. A lot of public schools might not have that. 3. I think it does. Seeing what drugs and alcohol can do to the body really has influenced my decision to not use. 4. I do know people who are addicts. I think what influenced them started out as stress or peer pressure and escalated until they were too addicted to stop.0
none
none
alcohol makes all your problems go away - for a few hours anyway0
Yeah, you are probably feeling a slight physical addiction to alcohol as it is physically addictive. It does take years of drinking to create a habit abiding alcoholic. If you have a sip of alcohol, you will be under the influence of addiction, just on a level which you wouldnt perceive. Drinking can be bad when people arent smart about it. Sounds like you are okay, but if you need help contact somewhere other than yahoo answers.1
Sounds like it. Sounds like she is still a drug addict but now her drug of choice is alcohol. Tell her to get her tubes tied. Just my opinion .2
They are like everything else, they come with responsibility.2
I would give you some advice, but Im sending them to your e-mail.0
alcohol is defiantly worse.4
none
Yes, youre addicted. How old are you? You need to get help or you will die or kill someone else. If you are hurting someone because you want a substance (i.e. stealing from someone), you are definitely addicted.0
In big citys drugs are pretty easy to come by. Atleast 30mg of oxycontin to get high usually $.50-$2 a mg. 20-30mg lortabs (vicodin) usually $4-7 for 10mg pill. 2 good ecstasy pills such as pokeballs usually go from $10-$25 a pill. I used to be an addict and have alot of info on most types of drugs. if you have questions about specific drugs you can message me.My past.0
Yes, you have a problem. Time to discuss it with someone.0
you and your mom should move out. take away something he loves and he will realize his problem.0
No offense but this question is stupid. Money dont have anything to do with anything1
AA has about a 5% success rate, the same as no treatment at all. The problem is that people who fail in AA tend to fall harder. The Brandsma study showed that people who had been arrested for alcohol related offensives and sent to AA engaged in five times as much binge drinking as those who received no treatment and nine times as much as those who received rational emotive therapy. The Ditman study showed that people arrested on alcohol related charges and sent to AA were more likely to be rearrested on alcohol related charges than those who received no treatment. http://www.orange-papers.org/orange-effe    The NIAAA   s 2001   2002 National Epidemiolo  gic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions interviewe  d over 43,000 people. Using the criteria for alcohol dependence found in the DSM-IV, they found: "About 75 percent of persons who recover from alcohol dependence do so without seeking any kind of help, including specialty alcohol (rehab) programs and AA. Only 13 percent of people with alcohol dependence ever receive specialty alcohol treatment.  "3
Uh.... yes. Thats a huge alcohol problem. Id call that an addict.2
Alcohol, its legal, cheaper and easier to get hold of.1
why are pot heads always on this mission to be better than drunks. Who cares lets party!9
none
none
no dont worry you wont turn into a alcoholic i promise =] hey, if it makes u feel any better, my mums a facebook addict and i hate facebook. so dont believe that whole genetic thing because she wasnt born loving alcohol0
a sickness they cant fix.3
it is an evil drug of addiction it destroys peoples lives takes away thier drive and initiative people under 23 get brain damage off it every time they smoke and it may make them permanently schizo just because alchol is bad doesnt mean you should add this evil drug1
I would say you are I would get help seriously.0
Unfortunately the evidence is that they cant. There was a fad for a controlled drinking program for alcoholics in the 70s, it was unfortunately a total failure. If you chat to alcoholics who are no longer drinking, they will tell you quite clearly that they dare not take a drink, as one is all it takes to start the spiral once more. Exactly the same situation arises with tobacco and other drugs of addiction.GP for more years than I care to remember1
Is there anyone else that could take custody of you? If so, I would talk to them about filing for custody. Its hard on your mom, but in your best interest as her children.0
none
I dont drink anything alcoholic.2
Alcohol and drug use can progress into abuse and even addiction so insidiously that sometimes people do not realize that it has become a problem for them and those around them.Alcoholics Anonymous0
none
Lmao. I always wonder this. You probably die- I dont suggest you experiment.0
always smells like alcohol, shows upp wasted at your housee, shiiit like that0
none
none
We dont always get what we want,so grow up and stop acting like a spoilt brat.1
cocaine and heroin. people who are on those drugs for a long time are messed up and will doing anything to get high0
some addicts are productive citizens all the way through their addictionsbeyond that, im not doing your homework1
none
If you drink even only 1 drink a day, but you have to have that drink, you are considered an alcoholic. You are fifteen,and you have this problem, you need to see a doctor and join Al-Anon1
www.redtube.com0
Unfortunately we tend to replace alcohol with another addiction, make sure you dont get into that trap ... try drinking herbal tea or something when you have the urge to drink liquor.0
True..2
a little bit in the house but not falling over drunk.5
you sir, are living my dream1
Because they dont eat real food, they get all their calories from alcohol.4
Nope. I had it. Never got addicted.0
Its a little bit nasty, but you could spike the drink with something that will make it taste horrible(for instance - you could put some fine ginger into a bottle of vodka) - they will think it is a bad bottle at first, but then over a period of time(if you monitor them closely, and make sure theyre not drinking when theyre out) they will think they do not like the drink anymore and stop drinking it - MAYBE...My own evil mind.1
Nope just really quite like it :)1
its the same thing i guesse. if alcohol had no effect no one would drink it2
yes you do alcohol is unattractive.0
14 and below0
Well he obviously abuses alcohol, so hes an addict, to see if hes an alcoholic really depends, on if he can stop, or not. Some guys drink a lot, but have no issues, if they put it down for a while. Some guys drink a lot less, but cant go without.1
he would get arrested.1
none
none
All of them really, the alcohol and drugs almost sort of made his work what it is. Not that Im condoling alcoholism nor drug use. But Poe....hes just Poe0
Try contacting alanon, it is for the family members of addicts. Best wishes to you :-) PS- 1st just google alanon.0
Kaliber is a non-alcoholic beer from Guinness. One of the best and its only 43 calories.1
none
none
No.0
none
Yes, there is evidence that alcoholism may be hereditary. But I dont think you are an alcoholic. I think your anxiety is making you blow every thought about alcohol out of proportion. If you were really an alcoholic you wouldnt be able to resist your cravings so well. If it is becoming a problem though talk to a counselor.1
you should give them a replacement instead of drugs. It also matters what they do. It could be hard to find some replacements for some problems.0
let him to drink.0
none
You cant unless he want to be helped and it appears hes chosen his path. Leave, leave now. One of you, or both of you is headed for jail otherwise. I cant stress the need to leave enough. Get out now! Get some help for yourself asap. He will kill someone or himself sooner or later, dont go down with him. Walk away. Save yourself.2
3 killers, in varying degrees1
I ask myself this question all the time! I hate that it is even in the same category as other drugs, you will never find someone mugging or committing a robbery for weed money...i mean seriously. People get so emotional and start fights with alcohol and someones whos high sits there and chills out. I started smoking when i was around 17 but didnt really do it heavily unitl 19. Iv been a daily smoker for about a year and a half now (legally i might add, i have my card) and I still have the same job, still go to college and it doesnt interfere with any of that...I drink on occasion but iv never tried any other drugs or pills...1
smoking: nicotine is addictive but it is all the actions that go with smoking that make it so addictive - the rituals of lighting, buying, sucking it, always having something in your mouth and hands, oral comfort in spite of the fact it kills you!! I started at school as it was forbidden and my best friend then gave me one- it made me sick Drinking - same friend!! I was violently ill first time I drank seriously. Now just a social drinker aklthough at times of stress it is a perfect medication - take s the edge off everything and makes you feel better. Social pressure, alchohol is addictive in a different way. Alcohol destroys lives if one is addicted but not everyone who drinks is. However the more one drinks the more ones body gets accustomed to it!! Either drug brings governments loads of tax income much much more than it pays out in health care!! Go figure as they say in US It is a VAST topicmy experiences0
No0
Metallica... Tehy were named Alcoholica once for their access drinking on and off the stage ... but now they left it all and they are sober now....0
Its a way of escape and they forget about their problems..they like the way it makes them feel.0
my dad is alcoholic too i dont respect him and when he say y u dissrespect me im like why should i respect a alcoholic that will make him driink more or less .. but ofcourse say that after ur 160
Actually, getting really drunk is frowned upon, but drinking alcohol isnt. Think about it - Jews use wine in quite a lot of rituals, Jesus was a Jew. He turned water into wine, he even told people at the Last Supper to drink wine. Dont you Muslims hold Jesus in high regard? He didnt have a problem with wine. Cant say anything about the pork thing, because pork IS prohibited throughout OT.5
Please dont drink, save yourself, before it too late. Would ur gran be proud of you drinking like this?2
none
Hes going to get tolerant by the caffeine and energy supplements in the drink, he will need more and more, and have more and more energy crashes, its not fun, plus all the headaches and migraines form your body needing the caffeine. ugh it was horribleMe and my break up with Monster diet0
none
hm..depends what drugs. meth and heroin are definitely worse then alcohol, im not sure how alcohol addiction works but i know drugs are extremely addicting which is all the worse2
Drinking alcohol is banned so no chance of getting drunk Its best to avoid medicines/toiletries with alcohol On medicines, if situation is life threatening then its allowed because value of saving life is the greatest2
3 or 4 times a month is pretty good. it works out to once a weekish. if youre driinking all day everyday and getting harsh hangovers or spend all your $$$$$$$ on xxx then ur a addict0
the process that my family has went through in Florida, is the children are put with a family member and only paper work is done...they give the parent so much time to get there act together(rehab, home, job...etc) if the parent does not comply they go to court, the children are then put in the legal custody of someone else(typically the family member they are with)...then the parent/s are given more time to comply, they go back to court..if the parent is making progress, they put the child back witht he parent, but they are supervised for about 6 months....any complaint against the parent after this, and they find it to be true, they can take the children away.0
I dont really know i dont do any of that stuff but having an appetite is normalmy own oppion0
/Viggers are filth0
Thats a head trip question eh? I guess alcoholics CAN become clean... eventually, that is a fact. Different people become clean in different ways for different reasons, this may have been enough to help them? Maybe they werent an alcoholic in the first place? Maybe they were and are stealthing alcohol when they can? Maybe they will take it back up, maybe not. I guess time will tell all for this case eh? :)Off the top of my head.1
No, but a lot of gifted people were prone toward alcoholism and other addictions.2
Theres no good reason. It should be legal, too.2
An alcoholic only stops when THEY want to. Wanting to be put in a reb that you cannot afford is only an excuse. Perhaps not being able to see her grandchild, just might be the ticket for her to stop.2
Certain specific types of alcohol cause some people tom sweat, but it is not a "general rule of thumb"1
really? if you somehow got to the point that you have to take drug and alcohol classes isnt it time to try sobriety? wouldnt it be easier to finish out your classes and then go back to being alcoholic or addict. anyway to answer your question in most states your counselor has the right to obtain a urin sample from you and if you smell boose you will take a breathalizer. and if your on probation they are required by law to inform your p.o. immediately.1
both of my parents were alcoholics as well as one of my grandparents and sister, and im not. i drink socially with friends or at events but it has never affected me the way it did them...however, i understand the consequences of alcoholism so i dont do it often and i never lose control when i do. i dont know if it is genetically possible, but from my experience it hasnt been a problem.1
none
Absolutely1
In moderation. Proverbs 23 Amplified Bible (AMP) 29Who has woe? Who has sorrow? Who has strife? Who has complaining? Who has wounds without cause? Who has redness and dimness of eyes? 30Those who tarry long at the wine, those who go to seek and try mixed wine. 31Do not look at wine when it is red, when it sparkles in the wineglass, when it goes down smoothly. 32At the last it bites like a serpent and stings like an adder. 33[Under the influence of wine] your eyes will behold strange things [and loose women] and your mind will utter things turned the wrong way [untrue, incorrect, and petulant]. 34Yes, you will be [as unsteady] as he who lies down in the midst of the sea, and [as open to disaster] as he who lies upon the top of a mast. 35You will say, They struck me, but I was not hurt! They beat me [as with a hammer], but I did not feel it! When shall I awake? I will crave and seek more wine again [and escape reality].The Holy Bible4
You should not be drinking at 13, so yes this is a problem. I first started drinking around 17, you are too young to be doing this.0
You need to get her to rehab or shes going to die.1
Is just good.4
Major health problems. There are numerous reasons why the drinking age is 21.0
this is EXTREMELY dangerous and this should NOT be a habit.!0
Urm, I dont consider alcoholism a disease at all because its caused by over consumption of alcohol on a regular basis, which is intentional. Sexual "addiction" is more about willpower. I have Persistent Genital Arousal Syndrome and Ive learned that its about controlling yourself. Honestly it seems like this guy is full of crap. I would reccommend just staying out of it. If hes your ex then just move on. You divorced him and got that restraining order for a reason. Dont feed into it.1
because liberals are assholes.1
Questions like this that make other people think these are bigger problems than they really are, one of our biggest problems is lack of funding for public schools and poor health care system, not beer and cigs1
Only sometimes, it depends if Im with people that are drinking.0
none
even if the friend isnt depressed you should5
Who cares? Not trying to be a jerk, just hope you realize it has nothing to do with your life except the time you waste on it. Good luck... with that.0
You dont hear T-totaller in the U.S. much... XD I would say the social drinker... because he is still drinking... and anyone who is drinking can fall victim to alcoholism. It just takes the right genes, or circumstances.0
if you cannot resist a drink in 3 days tops, then youre screwed. cant you get addicted to marijuana too? nononononononon No. I love beer, but why is alcohol legal when weed is not?1
none
Im sorry you have to deal with this. Is there any way you and your mother can get your father to join AA? My father drank like a fish for decades. But once he joined AA, he stayed sober. AA is really the only way to get him to quit drinking. Talk to your Mom about it, and maybe between the two of you, you can convince him to get to a meeting. Tell him - when hes sober - how much his drinking is hurting you and you want your Dad back. Beg him if you have to. Good luck.0
Sounds like youre using the alcohol as a coping mechanism for your depression. You cannot change unless you want to, and I think just by asking this question youre reaching out for help. You are really gorgeous by the way, I hope you can find the strength to give up the drink little by little. You dont have to do it alone there are many associations (and maybe family if you feel comfortable with them knowing?) that can help you. Best of luck!3
Shes turning into one. Tell her you and your siblings wont be coming over until she lays off the booze. Here she can decide what is more important in her life<SEMCOL> her children or alcohol. Its a pretty easy decision and it seems like she would make the right one pretty easy.2
none
addictions can come and go , you might need help if others around you are seeing it as a problem.0
none
Until you get to where I am, drinking 15 beers/shots a day, youre not an alcoholic. If you can go one week without drinking, your good.1
I believe, if you<APO>re going to quit something, you should quit cold turkey!
thats alot. Cut back a bit before you destroy your liver.1
none
ive lost count of the amount of times ive promised myself i wont drink and ended ended up **** faced! but trust me mate your buddies will come round and eventually they wont give a second thought to the fact you arent drinking,itll become the norm. and for the people you bump into in the night, just tell them you dont drink.....full stop! if they ask you explain why, dont, just tell em you dont drink, end of. the strong sense self confidence wont only end the conversation, women also f$%*&in love it mate. as for havin nothin in your hand, get a j2o! ever thought of joining a gym and tonin up, if your lookin trim and fit, people will understand you take care of your body and that you cant look that good and drink as well (also a winner with the ladies). you obviously have an addictive personality so focus it on something you not only ejoy but is good for you and sociable ie, football, rugby, goin the gym. i know at 21 your not goin to believe this but it can look pretty cool to be the only person at a party not drinkin! stick with it dude.0
Get yourself to an AA Meeting FAST. Youre on the track to relapsing if you dont. Google AA Meetings and your location. Dont wait. Do it now!1
addiction....1
i dont think ur dads alcohol tolerance is the issue here2
Ive chewed a lot of gum in my time, and its never ever gotten me drunk.0
Its the effects not the taste. Try smirnoff if you dont like the taste of alcohol.5
none
Either people who are interested in it and want to help people, or those who got help and want to help others. Hope I helped(:0
Hey. God put you in the world for a reason. You are no mistake. Just be happy that your alive. But I see maybe you have friends that dont really care for you and just want to get drunk, high ,etc with you. honestly family is usually the #1 option to turn to but for you, you need to find someone out there that will help you and comfort you. Maybe look for a boyfriend. You got to have someone you can turn to right now. Stop the drugs too. Your just hurting yourself more. Find out who you really are and youll succeed in life. Everyday is a challenge so dont be ashamed. There are plenty of people out here in the world that have it worse than you. I hope everything works out for you. Im only 17 but I know my words can hopefully help you out. Remember, theres always someone out there that cares. I care and hope for you to get better. =]Meh.3
You dont get addicted to alcohol from just a couple days of partying. However, the stress/guilt combined with you possibly coming close to alcohol poisoning is what is effecting you now.1
Yeah sure Drink 1 12pack a day0
yes u can0
Yes alcohol addiction can run in the family the best way to stay clear, though it sucks, is to just not drink0
yeah wow definitely talk to a psychologist, preferably one who specializes in alcohol and drug abuse. they will be able to help you understand why people do these things and also eventually hopefully they will help you understand that none of this is your fault and how to cope. you will also want to do research on alcoholism and learn as much about it as you can so it doesnt happen to you. also i dont think trying to help your sister is a great idea, because it will give you a lot of problems. she needs professional help. you can help her by bringing her to a doctor and supporting her when/if she decides to get better, but you cannot force someone to get better or change their ways on their own. the most important thing is that you focus on yourself1
none
They have proof that it is in the genes.The key is moderation and knowing when to quit.0
you need some serious help... tell your parents about your problems, and you gotta go to rehab1
I think you have a little bit of a problem, but youre not an alcoholic -- yet. If its getting in the way of having a normal life, or a social life, then somethings wrong. Who you are hiding the alcohol from is a factor, too, because if its from other people your age -- yeah, you might have a problem. If youre hiding it from your parents b/c you think they will think poorly of you, thats normal. Dont drink and drive, and youll be ok, for now.0
They are pressured by their friends. and 21 is the legal age so its their choice0
My wife is, but hes a good drunk and stays at home in front of his computer on Y! answers or lets her drive if they go out.Im drinking beer right now!1
Well even if you smoke a cigarette each day your addicted . Pretty much the same with drinking ?0
They say red wine 1 or 2 times a week, not a day for it to be beneficial.0
Makes me feel relaxed and happy which is bad as I end up drinking too much. But I know some people who like it at all.0
none
none
Why are drugs and alcohol crutches yet your books and library are not? Those things are as much a crutch to you as drugs are to my neighbors. And unless it all YOUR research and books that YOU have written, I hardly call what you do SELF-sufficient. Youre still relying on others, they just arent there to interact directly.6
What are your rights concerning what??? You are married to an alcoholic and he will not change until he makes the choice to do so (if he ever does)...your choices are accept his behavior and continue on as you have been, or consider divorce... Before you do anything though, I strongly suggest you find a local Al-Anon chapter and go to a meeting...that is a group for friends and loved ones of alcoholics...they can help you cope with his disease, if you choose to hang in there...1
Thats fine, dont succumb to peer pressure. You know why you arent doing drugs/booze if people dont get it, find friends who do get it. Stick to your guns, you will be a better person for it (not better than other people but you will be true to yourself and a better version of yourself because of it)2
Alcholoe0
The goat (being too succulent.)4
Intoxication / drunkenness is actually the problem, not alcohol. Theyre promised a afterlife in a Paradise which has rivers of wine that wont inebriate people. Most Muslims dont have any problems taking alcohol-containing medication but there are certain nut-jobs that would like to argue otherwise.3
Of course they should! Thats a terrible thing to say... Anyone can recover from alcoholism or addiction. It would obviously be much more sucessful should they recover first because they can get on with their lives just like everyone else...1
This is going to be hard to take so make sure you are alone and have time to digest. Get Out Now! Heres why, the man is a drunk, and will destroy your life. People think alcohol distorts people, quite the opposite is true. Being drunk, all of the learned behaviors you use to not hurt other people are suppressed. The true nature of a person is revealed. The way your husband is and the feelings he expresses when he is drunk are his true feeling and true way of being. My parents were drunks and drug addicts, they tried to kill me when I was nine years old. My mother later had a boyfriend who raped my sisters, and beat all of us leaving bloody scars all over. Its not hereditary, its a matter of choice, I drink and have been drunk twice in my life, the last time at least 30 years ago. I know my limit and I never exceed it, its a simple choice. He chooses to be a mean vindictive drunk, and unless thats what you want your children to call daddy...Get Out Now!Personal experience and observations.1
none
Everyone who I know who has quit has done it cold turkey, gradual approaches never worked!!!0
Day 3 and youre hooked?? Fish take longer!2
wow 14. what the hell are your parents doing? how is alcohol so readily available to you? get help from friends if possible...thats all i can really say, seeing as the other tips you got cover what your other options are pretty well. Ok, get rid of the ID, and tell your sis never to let you use hers, and do it now before you have a chance to rethink it!0
The only difference between being a drunk and being an alcoholic is that alcoholics admit that they have a problem.2
nope, better find a new career,2
her name is Amy Winehouse2
no0
search in google you gone find it.1
Drink water only youve created a dependance which is why you keep wanting to drink0
No. My parents allowed me to drink as long as I stayed with people who werent going to get drunk themselves and that they trusted. The reason why is so I could get the stupidity out, yknow, so I dont end up doing something stupid when Im 21. As long as youre not out with irresponsible people getting drunk, then its perfectly fine.0
yes you can drink but dont over do it.0
Im going through thaa same exact thing with my dad. Like you said for as long as you can remember? well me too and im 17 :/ my dad is slowly killing himself and does thaa same thing your mom does. try and sit her down do some research on some aaa groups. and im glad you chose to stay away from it...stick to your guns and keep telling her how much it hurts you...i hope all goes well1
Alcoholism is a devastating disease. Any one who thinks youre weird for not wanting to risk it is stupid.2
not gentically but if you grow up around an alchoholic it can affect you in adulthood mentally2
none
1 Cigarettes - (nothing worse then the chemicals they put in those and destroy youre lungs) 2 Alcohol - (can cause severe liver damage and death when abused regularly) 3 Marijuana (no permanent side effects or related deaths) Why does the government say cigs are legal and marijuana is illegal? They profit from youre death when you die of cancer, they profit from marijuana as long as it is illegal.1
Seeing as youre 13, you should definitely seek some help.0
Of course you should quit alcohol because obviously its harming you :(0
Some research shows alcoholism may be genetic, but you always have the choice to not drink. http://alcoholism.about.com/cs/genetics/   2
Yes I think it sounds like you definitely have a problem. Alcohol is very addicting and if you have a history of alcoholism in the family you are probably very susceptible to that disease. I would be careful and try to limit your drinking, especially the amount you drink alone. Drinking alone does not necessarily mean you have a problem, but if you are consistently drinking alone solely to get drunk and trying to hide it I think that is a definite warning sign that you are developing a drinking problem.0
They tried to make her go to rehab, but she said no, no , no. http://www.showbizspy.com/article/236025    And these people: http://www.listafterlist.com/tabid/57/li    The point is, that some singers manage to sing even when they drink or drug heavily. Not BECAUSE they drink and drug heavily. Remember that even before Amy Winehouses death at the age of 27, her entire European tour had to be cancelled because she was clearly too messed up to perform. That causes a lot of problems and loss of money for a whole lot of people. When Charlie Sheen couldnt work because of his problems--it put the entire cast and crew (camera operators, set designers, makeup crew, etc) out of work too. Over indulgence of drugs and alcohol not only effect the singer, it effects the everyone the singer has to work with. Not too mention fans stuck with expensive and now unusable tickets. Plus all the idiots out there that think their "lifestyle" is glamourous. I fail to see the glamour of puking your guts out because you partied too hard and have to go out and sing right afterwards sweating and stinking of puke and stale alcohol (not to mention what all that regurigiatated acid/alcohol can do to your vocal cords after awhile). Marijuana is bad for your lungs and so are regular cigarettes. Lots of singers smoke one or the other or both, but many, many do not because it interferes with their breath control, their range, and may make their voices undesirably raspy. But once again--the important thing to remember is that some singers manage to sing in spite of bad health habits--not because of it. The Beatles wrote fantastic music while obviously high at times--but they were talented in the first place. Who knows, maybe if they hadnt indulged, the lyrics of "Come together" might actually have made more sense. If you cant sing or write songs sober--getting drunk or high wont make you either "great" or "the best". It would only impair your judgement so you wont know how horrible or stupid you sound.Im a singer. I dont smoke--and I avoid people who do. I also avoid dust and other pollutants. So this is about keeping my lungs and vocal cords clear and uncontaiminated--not making moral judgement. Wearing a dust mask if I have to sweep dust bunnies out from under a bed is not being an uptight prude or something.1
1. How old are you? 16 in a few days 2. Are you male or female? female 3. How much and how regularly do you drink? Other then special occasions, it depends. Id say maybe 4 beers a month and a few glasses of hard liquor. It varies, sometimes nothing sometimes a lot more. 4. How do you get hold of the drink? From older friends or family. 5. Do you think about the health risks? I used to not and drunk a lot (mainly wine coolers) now I cut it down a lot, mainly because of the calories and Ive become a bit of a healthy eating/drinking freak. Not really concerned with health risks that arent weight related. 6. Are you worried about your future health as a result of your drinking or the possibility that you could become addicted? Im not worried about future health risks since I dont drink a lot anymore and am very careful about what goes in my body and Im not genetically prone to addiction nor do I use alcohol as a way to escape from reality so Im not worried about that either. 7. Why do you drink? For the most part, I like the taste. And Im a social drinker so if my friends are drinking or Im at a party, Ill drink. (Not because of peer pressure or so I fit in, its entirely my choice and Im responsible about it.) Im also European so its kind of a cultural thing more then anything. I dont, however, enjoy the effects alcohol has on me so I never drink to the point of being drunk... I like being aware and in control of myself.Me :)0
If she is prepared to cooperate, good homeopathy medicine is available for slow deaddiction. Consult a homeopathy doctor0
It doesnt sound like you are an alcoholic and people tend to party a lot during their college years. Its kind of a normal thing for most. Just because its normal doesnt mean you wont eventually become an alcoholic. It seems to me that I didnt develop a drinking problem until I stopped worrying about developing one. Once you let your guard down you open up the door to becoming one. So as long as your concious about the possibility, you will be keeping your drinking habit in check. Or atleast that was my experience. I havent drank in 12 yrs. Not because I think Im an alcoholic but the state did. I had a blow start installed in my car because I got a DUI 3 1/2 hrs after I stopped drinking lol. I had gone home and then was on my way back to the bar when I got pulled over for my blinker cancelling before I completed a left turn. I didnt think it would still be in my system that much later so being embarrassed about having to do sobriety tests in front of the bar on a friday night, I asked them if I could just take the breathalyzer...BIG MISTAKE! I had taken a drink off my friends beer at her house but other than that it had been 3 1/2 hrs since I left the bar buzzed and sobered up. I blew a .08. I too was a social drinker. I never drank at home. I also hate asking anyone for anything, including rides to and from the bar. Once I found out I could be cited for a DUI even though I felt sober I just quit going out. Ive had a beer and some jager on one new years eve I spent at home. But other than that, I have no desire to drink anymore. I got a buzz off the beer and jager and didnt like it at all anymore lol...crazy... Moral of the story, if you are driving to the bar, you may want to walk or find a ride because treatment agencies will classify you as an alcoholic if you continue to drink after getting a dui. And you will have to get an evaluation if you get a dui and it doesnt take much alcohol whatsoever to register a BAC of .08. I felt completely sober when I got mine. So just be careful. =)1
I had a drunk in my family. much like yours. it was my father-in -law. only he molested his daughters when he was drunk. then came the violence. it started with the threats, then the action. call the teen hot line "alanon" it is for teens of alchoholic parent(s) you will find help there. this is not your fault in any way. alchoholics are sick selfish people that cannot/willnot accept responsibilities for their disease. good luckbeen there1
Yes0
none
none
You cannot be an alcoholic without ever having alcohol, but it would certainly be helpful to learn what alcoholism is. There is a list of 20 Questions available through Alcoholics Anonymous, and other literature which is free. Perhaps you and your mother could go to an open meeting (meaning everyone is welcome) of Alcoholics Anonymous, pick up literature and stay and listen. Its free, and could be a way for the two of you to talk about her worries when you get home. Also, Al-Anon could be helpful for your mother if she is interested. Hope this helps!2
no, its not a sin to casually drink. Jesus himself drank wine.3
Please seek help... do it for yourself and your family.0
How many times are you going to ask us if youre an alcoholic because you drink a lot of wine? This is the 3rd time Ive seen this, or something VERY similar, from you in 2-3 days.. If youre that worried about it, youve probably got issues. I said before that youre fine, but seeing as you wont stop asking, you may want to continue to seek help.2
No, if your were addicted to alcohol you wouldnt of stopped.0
You could try talking to him a bit more when possible just to find out if he likes you, but I dont personally see a problem with asking him out after the program is complete...go for it! Good luck with everything :D0
none
I drink way more than you. its not good to drink with medication you could over dose. stick with one drink0
none
none
Some of the most brilliant painters, artists and musicians the world has ever seen have had substance abuse problems. I would hardly call them weak minded. They just had their demons.1
none
They are physically addicted, they suffer withdrawal symptoms if they do not consume it, therefore they are addicted to the effects.0
Alcoholism is often defined as more than 4 drinks in a session, more than twice a week<SEMCOL> its unrealistic since most people who do drink, drink more often than that and still live functional and normal lives. Drinking often, alone, and to the point where you are blacking out is beyond what would be considered moderate consumption. I would consider finding a program and seeking help immediately. Good luck.0
By the end of your first sentence the majority of the populace can identify you as physically (bodily) addicted.0
Cigarettes. Not even gonna list the reasons why. It would take days.7
it tastes good, and makes you feel good this is common to most addictions.2
none
Most women who drink or smoke during pregnancy are addicted, therefore it is not a sign they do not care about their baby. Also, many people would think it immoral to take a newborn from their mother.2
Alcoholism affects anybody no matter what race or gender your or if your rich or poor.1
I feel very honored that you would open up and share your life story with us. With these issues, I realize why you feel so trapped, you never learned to deal with things when you were slightly younger, causing problems in your social relationships. This is definitely a terrible problem, since the only difference between humans and animals, is our intense ability to communicate. In all seriousness and care, I suggest you turn to your parents if they are available, they most likely will not solve your problems, but they will be understanding and give you a shoulder to cry on, and a shoulder to lean on. I suggest that you Find some kind of therapist, I am not saying "your crazy, get mental help", I am saying, therapists are not just for crazy people, they are people that you can come to with any situation, and they will help you get your life back on balance, without judging you. They are the best when it comes to understanding with a clear non-bias soul I REALLY hope you can get balanced and helped, you can be a truly happy person, just seek your new life I wish you from the bottom of my heart Good Luck1
Well, heck! Why couldnt they, Green, come to think of it....1
none
if you never take a drink then you cant be a alcoholic0
alcohol has an age limit, weed is illegal. alcohol you drink, weed...well, is taken in several ways. You smoke it or cook it in food. Weed is worse. You suffer both . Are you deciding which to ruin your life with? Its not worth it.1
Fat people dont get so full they kill their wives. Being overweight is dangerous to your own health. but, unlike being an alcoholic it almost NEVER harms others. In fact, I literally cannot think of a reason why someone being fat can hurt anyone but themselves.5
No, alcaholics do not burn alcohol faster. The reason it takes them longer to get drunk is because they have built a resistance (they need to drink more to feel the same effect)1
I am in the same boat...I am also an adult with an alcoholic mother who even drank when she was pregnant with me and my sisters. Although it is frustrating and irriating, this is a disease. There have been cases where alcoholic have had some bad withdrawal symptoms, that they need to be hospitalized. When an alcoholic drinks, it not only satisfies the liver and kdneys because they are so used to it, but it also realeases chemicals in the brain that create the same feelings drugs do. People need SERIOUS attention with alcohol problems. NO matter what they say they cannot overcome it on their own or "just quit". I hope this helps. Good luck.1
none
I think all that alcoholic type talk is self serving when coming from so called experts. They want to pretend everything is definable and attributable. Maybe some people inherit a weak will not the Alcoholic jean. Discovering your own strength of character is the real test of alcoholic. Actually I think im right and everyone else is wrong so listen to me. I dont think you have to cut yourself off from the emotions it brings you just because your parent couldnt control themselves. But if your experiences have so wounded you that you well find you are one. Thats just you finding out something about yourself not your genetics. Your kids could drink socially and for fun i bet.basic logic.1
dude chill i didnt even have to read through that whole thing to realize youre making too big of a deal of it happyness is what matters my grand father is 60 years old drinks a 24 pack nearly down to the last beer every day and roughtly 2 1/2 packs of cigarettes a day but you know what he couldnt be more happylife,me,therapists(infect ones from rehab centers claim that quitting is total bullshit)and others,anybody who is happy as now1
none
there is only ONE person who can stop your father from drinking: your father1
Addiction is for quitters1
I think your counselor could do an extension, but you also have to consider until when will you make excuses for drinking again. If you get over this guy (hopefully), then you meet another guy and if it turns out bad, would you think of drinking again and again ask for a leave? You have to think this through, that not everything can be solved or can lead to drinking. Life goes one even if were drunk or sober. So why stay drunk if you can do better things when youre sober. Cheer up girl! Live ur life to the fullest! :)0
Yeah, you had ethanol-poisoning. Looks like you survived... no point in going to the ER now, unless youre banana-yellow from a wrecked liver. There arent any drugs I can think of that would have any residual physiological effect after 90 days. Your friends shouldve taken you to the ER, but of course you know that.0
yes, I would say you have a major drinking problem. But if you arent going to stop...why write about it. If you want to get help or treatment you have to want to quit. You are lying to everyone....why bother.2
Join the ******* club.0
ummm yeah. A current user can drink.0
Any drug can be a gateway drug if your stupid enough.2
Because alcohol is legal unlike drugs. Mess up huh?1
If they do, they arent doing it right anymore.1
Oh dear lord...quit being so dramatic. Even if you have a genetic propensity for addiction - one beer, especially for someone who has never drank, isnt going to do anything. Im all for bring responsible - but get over yourself.2
Its good your thinking about it! If your drinking effects anything negatively in your life you know there is a problem. If I were you I would be careful because you know chronic alcoholism runs in your family. Theres nothing wrong with having a few drinks, just dont let it own your life!0
Define worse? Neither are bad for you in small doses. Cocaine does not hurt you in small doses, in fact it acts as a mix between Adderall and coffee (more concentration than coffee, but not as clean/clear/crisp as adderall), while alcohol in small doses is actually one of the healthiest things you can do for your body. on the whole however i would say that cocaine, at least the dirty contaminated abominable form on the street, is slightly more dangerous than alcohol...as far as processed cocaine goes tho...idk. could be a dead heap really.3
yeah you should get some help.2
Its not an opinion, it is a disease. Also some people are more prone to form addictive habits then others, so it may be genetic.1
Well, becauase you know that feeling you get when your really drunk, And your pretty much out of it? People just like that feeling i guess? Either that Or they just do it because they think its cool. :/0
Mmmm..... they will both kill u pretty fast? Whatever is cheaper I guess so probably cigarette0
probably pot smoker because they dont throw up or piss their pants in such2
U can forget stuff be full u just say stuff u dont remember or know you can know friends and next day forget them0
I agree with Pink Baby Cupcake. I hope your dad gets the help he needs and that you get through your pregnancy without any complications from the stress of worrying about him and the loss of your mother. If you decide your father needs to enter a rehab center and you can convince him of it, Id like to recommend one to you. I know the owner well. You can view information about his place at ProvenAddictionRecovery.com0
smartrecovery.org Good Luck!0
none
you cant. you can tell them their choices are hurting you. they have to realize it on their own0
Yes.. :P0
Try going here, they are a help site that deals with addiction much like your own and they have solutions you can try out and see if it works for you :) I hope this helps you out.http://navoices.com/0
No.... I wouldnt mix0
that is bad.. :( research shows that younger people have more chance of being addicted to alcohol.. because their brains arent developed as much2
hahahahahhaha dont get drunk by your self haha loser.. what are you ganna tell people person: hey ever been drunk before? you: haha pssht yeah person: oh cool who with? you: oh just me parents werent home person: wait? by your self? hmm.. nicemy friend1
Hes an alcoholic, recovering drug addict, and chain smoker hes doing great, i wish him the best but he still may have some demons whithin himself1
Join AA they will help you.0
Okay?0
No0
Well. First of all. Alcoholism is a self diagnosed disease. Which means only you can decide if you are one. 2nd. There are three things that make you an alcoholic. Obsession of the mind, allergy to the body and a spiritual malady. You are 17 and have just Barely tasted the affects of alcohol. I say dont worry about it. There is nothing wrong with drinking but If it starts affecting you or the people around you in a negative fashion might want to pop into an AA meeting0
try to talk to her about your concerns peace1
3 days is not long enough to get addicted to smoking, but three months sure is. A lot of addiction is habbit and faulty belief system. But if you dont have those mindsets, then you would be clear of that. Ofcourse there is also chemical dependancy, which I am sure you would obtain if you tried smoking for long enough. Alcholics drink daily, generally to numb some sort of pain, and they are under the belief that they need the alchohol to numb the pain. Caffeine is quite addictive, and I am suprised you were not addicted. Although I am certain you must have felt the effect of the chemical withdrawal, but maybe you ignored it or wrote it off as something else. You ignorance to withdrawal symptoms is probably helping you alot.1
At 21 I am amazed you are asking questions like this. Are you trying to get off by talking dirty? Thats a sign of an inadequate person.0
none
Seek help dont fall back into drugs its not worth it.0
none
All talks are confidential but they also have a duty, if they believe someone is not being treated right they are allowed to report it to the police.6
Frankly both should be illegal, and there are far better ways to deal with medical issues.2
Life stress such as... http://www.chartmovieinfo.com/wp-content   0
Its possible, but dangerous. Acute alcohol withdrawal can lead to something called Delerium Tremens, which is a medical condition in which your body doesnt have enough GABA to maintain itself, and begins to suffer massive seizures, similar to epilepsy. Unsupervised, this condition is actually fatal 34% of the time. The way to avoid this is to enter a detox facility, where you are weaned on Diazepam (Valium), which has a cross tolerance with alcohol.1
Than just drink some water man, everyones weird these days, but water is good for you. Cleans out the body and shreds fat off you.1
Snorting lines of stars??? Um, inhaling gases from somewhere??? Using the sun to light her joints made up of rock matter from some planet that has rock???Im pulling this all out of my *** right now.0
Take the car, load up your kids, put the keys in the ignition, gas peddle to the right, rip the rear view mirror off because your not looking back, get the hell out of there. You have nothing to loose, sounds like its already gone.5
Drug Ballad- Eminen1
Put him in a special program where he can get help for his addiction.0
NO definately not... give up drinking1
Well how can someone be a sausage and eat pork? How can someone be a book and read poetry? All good questions1
Because your gov makes A LOT of $ on the taxes.2
Replacing one unhealthy addiction with another unhealthy addicted isnt the smartest idea no.1
thats pretty broad haha having a lot of luxury to me feels like wearing a heavy blanket in the summer time0
Alcohol is legal because it has been used in western culture for ever. Your premise that all drugs are the same is seriously flaws. The addictive nature of heroin and Cocaine is much higher than alcohol its not even close.3
none
if weed were legal and you didnt get in trouble for it and it was regulated then yea i would smoke it all the time booze , only every few days1
Yes studies have shown that drinking alcohol under age stunts the growth of you developing brain lowering your IQ in the long run. also teens are more likely to get alcohol poisoning. Plus the illegal thing it can ruin your life in so many ways! My brother was killed in a accident were him and his four best friends were in the car 17 year old all drunk. They crashed all except the driver my brother very best friend died. I was 9 then Im 14 now I visit him everyday in prison it ruined his life. please Im begging you its not worth it.My personal experiances and my heart.3
It is known that when people are stressed out, they drink alcohol. People also eat chocolate, which is not exactly the healthiest thing but is better than drinking. To avoid drinking, try to eat some chocolate, which is a great substitute for alcohol.0
LOL thats absurd1
Alcohol. It hurts your liver and your joints (no pun intended.) Also its easier to get access to alcohol. Excess alcohol can cause alcohol poisoning. Excess weed causes you to be hungry.1
good reply above :) and honestly just do one thing MAKE YOUR WILL POWER STRONG just say "NO" even if u got tempted just try to avoid its difficult in starting ive tried by reducing the no. of intakes and then by reducing the no. of day and then week though it take time but im SAVING A LOT OF MONEY NOW DAYS lol :) its not tht tuff just have a strong will power <SEMCOL>) good luck1
YEP! welcome to alcoholism!Alcoholic1
Drinking alcohol is not an issue unless it effects your life or anothers/ well being included, you have answered your own question with what you have written, if it worries you, cut down, cut it out, fact I have lived with alcohol issues/ family, friends and my own issues with alcohol for many years. I have had issues myself, people i love, been in love with have had issues. Sadly in the UK its in our culture, we binge drink, we get totally pi*8ed etc and its a laugh, the way it effect lives and relationships is not so funny, assaults, drink driving, domestic abuse. Dont get me wrong i have been an *** with it, been in the cells, been a victim also. But the shorter version is, its not normal to drink every night, think about your next drink, and dont listen to people who say it is normal, its not, you can enjoy yourself, have a good time equaly if not better with a few less, and save a few bob also good luck with your choices0
none
I had my first drink when i was 9. My mother and her side of the family are from Belgium, and its a whole different world over there culturally when it comes to alcohol. Here in the states, drinking means getting smashed and its viewed as morally wrong. Many nutritionists argue that ONE serving of alcohol per day is actually good for your health. I dont know youre age or, if youre living with your parents, their views on you drinking. however, If you decide to get drunk, make sure you have a plan, i.e a designated driver, a place to sleep, and dont drink so much that you black out. When i drink socially Ill get a good buzz and call it quits, which for me is usually after 6-10 drinks. Remember that for you,depending on your body size, and since you havent really drank alcohol before, that your tolerance for it will be a lot less. Since my parents were cool about drinking, i had supervision the first time i drank too much, and i didnt get in trouble. So if you plan on drinking, be safe and have fun.0
nah, sorry, its over for him... tell him to get over himself, move on and happy trails.0
None, nil.Mad Magazine4
I gonna say you are good. Thats alot of hours.Been there.0
You dont do anything. Its none of your business, and you should let him do what he wants. Basically most of my friends do drugs, and drink. I dont do anything, but I dont really care what there doing.0
They tried making alcohol illegal in the USA. It didnt work. People can make their own alcohol if they learn how.4
Citation, please.skeptical scientist9
none
All The same weak People !!!1
Because it is self-inflicted.3
Its totally forbidden as there are more ill effects than goodness.1
Because if you had to do what they do, and see what they see, youd need a drink to relax too! And more importantly, it is a choice, no one puts the bottle to anyones mouth and demands that you drink it!2
I dont think alcohol will ever have the same ads as smoking. I find it annoying actually. They allegedly passed a law to where all major cigarette manufacturers have to print pictures on the cigarette packs showing the damage it can do...lungs destroyed, a cartoon of a woman smoking and a child next to her gagging, etc. As a smoker, I do not see anyone I know quitting because of some warning label and 99% of the people I know smoke.1
What is Shisha?0
"I am not breaking up with her." Unfortunately, any sane person would suggest you break up with her. You just recently started to date. It would be an easy break up. But, thats just me. I would never date an alcoholic. It would be far too stressful for me. Shes on a road to killing herself... Is that a road you want to walk down with her? Yes, she will go through withdraw. What does she think would happen? Rainbows and unicorns? There is no other way to get it out of her system other than putting her in a medically induced coma for a few months. That wouldnt help the psychological issues though and shed pick up a drink as soon as she could. She has to want to quit, but she doesnt. Break up with her. Otherwise, shell take you down with her. Thats what alcoholics and other addicts do.1
They do it because they are misinformed bigots. They base their argument on the grounds that they think the drugs they take are less damaging. And stereotypical heroin users tend to be thieves and general lowlifes. Some of it is lies and horror storied spread by the government and media. Youll find the only people who bash cannabis are the people who have never smoked it. And when they do they all realize it a big lie which was fed to them.0
a drink isnt wrong, drunkenness is. Many people cant stop at one.2
cos people dont know how to cope with their problem, if they have a problem at wrk, their boss will be uninterested when he should help and as they cant find another job they just turn to drink to take away the bad hurtful feelings.0
98% of my family members are either drug addicts or alcoholics.2
unlikely:)1
It can be. It is not as addicting as smoking. I smoked one pack of cigarettes and I was hooked.0
Wine was healthier than water in Biblical times. The alcohol sterilized it of harmful bacteria. But, we dont have to depend on alcohol, with its deleterious effects to accomplish the same thing. Alcohol makes people say and do stupid and sometimes violent things. I dont have to consider it a "sin" to know its better to stay away from it.atheist3
No that is entirely a myth made up by the antiameric -er- antidrug camp to make kids feel empowered for not trying drugs or alcohol. The real reason kids do drugs and drink is the same reason that adults do<SEMCOL> Its fun. Check out this paper: http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m2   Facts and common sense.1
none
Breast feeding is a personal choice. I dont think women choose not to do it based on being able to drink. It actually isnt that easy in the beginning, and it is not much different health wise for a baby to bottle feed.1
SAY NO!!!!!!!!!!!2
Your right alcohol is the worst drug ive ever done in my life, its nasty and the only high you get is being dizzy and stupid, and then you have this after effect called a hangover..i dont get people who just cant get enough Added: this made me fill up my bong a little more2
I think that it depends on the person. I believe that some people are prone to more anxiety because of their daily stressors. If you become an addict of alcohol, that could put anxiety on you for a number of reasons. If you spent all your money on booze you could develop anxiety because you have no money to pay the bills which might put you out on the street. If your alcoholism is putting a stressor on your wife or family, then you are going to have stress and anxiety because you might get a divorce or you are hurting your family and people are starting not to like you. that would cause other anxiety because now if you are getting a divorce, you need to find a place to live, a lawyer, if there are children involved for child support you have to pay that. If you dont pay your child support you can go to jail. Say if you received a DUI or MIP or some other sort of driving drunk charge, then you will have anxiety for court hearing, money that is due every month, classes you will need to go to, possible rehab if you are a repeat offender. But people drink alcohol because it makes them feel good. People drink alcohol because it takes them out of reality. Maybe their reality is really bad. So they want to forget about it. Only problem with that is that when you are ruining your life by continueing to be an alcoholic you are only making your reality worse.1
none
none
none
none
none
Continue fighting and save money for moving out at 18.Have to become resourceful0
so you are 14 dating an 18-19 year old. Not sure about where you are, but i know for a fact that this is illegal in most of north america1
Are you seriously this stupid? AN ALCOHOLIC SHOULD NOT DRINK. There is no such thing as one too many for an alcoholic. The drink that makes you vomit or pass out isnt the one that gets you. The first one is the one that gets you. It only takes one drink to have a domino effect. How did you come to the conclusion that drinking is somehow better than smoking? I have heard of alcohol destroying families and jobs, but I have never heard of smoking having that same affect. If you were to go to an alcoholics anonymous everyone there smokes so they dont have to drink. And if your wife got you to believe this logic its because she knows youre a dumbass and is trying to find excuses to drink.0
Hey now. Demon Alcohol - Ozzy Osbourne http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5t2H_QLy    heres another that perhaps you should show your friend...this was a homemade one to Ozzys song and some pictures tell it all... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqBfpjSnO   1
rehab followed by sober living0
Smoking a joint every night is much worse because I have heard that it will eventually cause psychosis. So, bad for the brain. A glass of wine every night is better but I think one would need to take a break every now and again so that the liver doesnt get too stressed.Someone I know is a registered nurse and told me that this is what eventually happens and that she sees it often in her job.1
u a virgin, I take it?1
Yes, when they cannot gamble, they play Crazy Eights.0
Because government should not police what people do in their own time to themselfs.5
baww.1
Youre too sensitive. You say shes like this with everyone, so it really has nothing to do with you, it has to do with HER addictions!!!! You dont get that??????0
The majority of the weddings Ive been to have been "dry". Bar tabs can get pretty expensive.///3
yes you are a habitual1
Get away from him, hell just drag you into that crap.2
Not everybody has seizures during alcohol withdrawal, but if you find yourself getting physically sick from not drinking you should definitely do detox1
Five times over the legal drink drive limit, she tried very hard, mind you she had plenty of practice.2
none
none
I drink a lot more than that everyday. I work part time at a bar & Im not an alcoholic. If he cant go without them beers the next day then yeah hes an Alcoholic.0
You can try calling your local Police and they will take him to jail and the judge will probably sentence him to rehab. That should help alot, as for you if you dont believe in god it might be time to start beliving and if you do believe try to get closer to him in some sort of way. That should help alot more then you think. Good luck2
Definitely not over reacting he needs help because his body has built a tolerance for the alcohol .0
Of course its bad. Those are both illegal for you to be using. I feel sure you know this or you wouldnt have asked this question. Stop abusing substances and get busy with appropriate activities.1
Yes, you will be okay, unless youre already experiencing health problems from your drinking. Good luck!0
none
Hi there, So, I am    the sister    in your situation. I   m 29 and my little sister is 25 and I   ve been drinking since I was 19. I too have been in detox programs in hospitals, doctors were amazed I never had a seizure. I   ve been stuggling with alcoholism for a decade. Last year, I lost my job and enrolled in a 30 day residential program, which really opened my eyes to the disease of addiction and AA. I went 4 months without drinking     completely sober     which is the longest I have ever gone     but then I got back to the bottle for a stupid reason and just recently (2 weeks ago) put myself in an intensive outpatient program at a local treatment facility. We meet Monday through Thursday from 6pm     9pm so we can keep our jobs. This has been helping me a lot and I would recommend an IN-PATIENT residential treatment center for your sister. I would also recommend participating in an outpatient program after that, and then a continuing care program to help battle the addiction. One thing you need to know is that your sister won   t stop until she is ready. No one can stop an addict who isn   t ready to    end their story.    It just isn   t possible. This is a terrible disease and I wouldn   t wish it on my worst enemy. Being a family member is very tough     my sister is having a very hard time with me lately. She   s pregnant with her first baby and I was always going to be the Godmother, but now she   s unsure because I started drinking again     that   s half the reason I went back to treatment. As a sister you can only do so much. If she needs to talk to someone, I can talk to her. She needs to realize talking to other like-minded addicts is her key to freedom. She   s in pain, she is embarrassed. She feels guilty, which will perpetuate the cycle. Sober24.com is a website she can go to     but I really, REALLy recommend an in-patient center. Check into Hazelden.org. They accept insurance, give out grants to those who are in trouble financially, and lately, has helped me tremendously. Just know none of this is your fault. She needs to get help on her own. But you can tell her how it makes you feel and advise her to check into Hazelden. Please let me know if I can offer more help. Good Luck.2
Because stoners like you are too lazy to organize and lobby Congress to have the law changed. Youd rather come to this website and ask this question 100 times per day3
It is an addiction.0
weeeed<3 cant overdose, not all those nasty chemicals in tobacco1
Eleven year olds shouldnt be drinking. Go play video games and stop trying to be cool. Wait until your older and your body is fully developed. Trust me, drinkings fun, but thats what college is for.1
Naah it doesnt matter because that kids smart enough to not get caught up in it if he/shes only using it in moderation. Trust me, i have experience.LIFE.2
Alcoholism is more of a disease, and less of an addiction. The reason is because alcohol affects the brain of those with alcoholism differently than it would for someone without the disease. People with alcoholism tend to crave alcohol because they feel as if they function better with it, and cant think straight while sober. This does not happen for those without the condition. You can be born with alcoholism and never no about it (if youve never drank alcohol before in your entire life).0
All i can say is Alcohol has not caused 31,000 murders in Mexico.2
Alcohol. Its addicting, you can overdose, it can make people angry. The main reason is that you can die from it. You cant overdose on weed and weed makes you more relaxed.1
Alcohol and heroin are very different, coffee is more like heroin - both dangerously addictive. Heroin is like getting a warm hug and as far as I know its only affects on co-ordination are negative. I say this as someone who has never tried it. I know someone who tried it and thats how he described it.0
America is one of very few countries where kids grow up thinking that the only purpose of alcohol is to get sloppy drunk, act like an idiot and then get sick. In other countries, especially those with no or low drinking ages, kids grow up learning the how and the why of drinking. In most European countries its considered very unmanly to be staggeringly drunk. A man is always supposed to be in control of himself. Only alcoholics drink to excess and pass out in the parks.1
Well I might get hated on for saying this but oh well, heres my addiction story and I hope it helps. I got addicted to drinking a little before I turned 15, I didnt even know I was addicted until I didnt drink one day, and I felt like I was gonna go crazy. Then I googled it and all, and it hit me that I really was an alcoholic. I started drinking because I just wanted to get some sleep, I kept having nightmares about something that happened almost 3 years ago. Also, my dad was an alcoholic and it tore my family apart. He stopped drinking, but he spends most his time in the hospital, I realized today that I cant remember the last time I had a conversation with him, I love him but it kills me knowing that cigarettes and alcohol are taking him away from me. I spent my summer getting unaddicted, and it was hell. The withdrawals sucked. The worst was after my 12 hour delay at an airport, and then I got on my 2 day long flight, it was horrible. But I did it, I was alone in it too but the addiction was all in my head. I just told myself I didnt need it and that I couldnt have it. Ive been clean since september(: & goodluck!Experieenccee.2
You bet you are at risk! Seek out a mentor/closed-mouthed friend or better yet, perhaps a priest that you can confide in and take it from there. Good Luck & Hang in there1
you could lie to them and say you have a history of liver problems Or you could give it to another friend who knows your troubles Or you could keep it and when friends come over you have a delicious alcoholic beverage to serve to them.1
Come now, you know the answer as well as I do. Accept it graciously and give it away unopened as soon as you can, in a way that the original giver hopefully wont ever know. "Regifting" is the same for alcohol as for ugly socks and hideous decorations.3
I havent gone through it but would suggest joining a support group such as AAA0
none
Call 211. They are a mental help hotline that can direct you in the right direction.0
HIV is only carried in blood cells. So in the unlikely event the saliva had blood in it then it is theoretically possible. But Id like to re-emphasize this is highly unlikely.0
Absolutely its in your genes. So yes, theres a possibility you could be an alcoholic as well, but you wouldnt have suffered any "brain damage" from it.0
none
i have no idea but i think that their trying to eliminate cigerates, thats why the prices are going up so high1
(sigh) For the ten thousandth time: marijuana is illegal because the PEOPLE, acting through their elected representatives, have chosen to make it so. Thats it thats all. As for the no harm argument: marijuana does have adverse effects (anyone who knows a heavy user can plainly see that). The relative use of pot vs alcohol means that we SEE the problems with alcohol more clearly, but they still exist for any drug.3
Being an alcoholic means that once you start drinking you cant stop. It doesnt matter how often you drink. So you are not an alcoholic.2
YOU dont have to do crap. You guys broke up. Its HER problem SHE has to fix it on her own. EDIT: Well in that case, sit down and have a conversation with her and try to figure it out. Maybe go see a therapist.1
Get some good counseling from a pastor in a Full Gospel church. You may be dealing with evil spirits, and they can help you. They might suggest AA or a detox program for him because he has to start somewhere but he needs deliverance, and salvation.1
Unfortunately, I have to agree with Tony. Your uncle has to want to help himself before anyone else will be able to help him. As long as his mother is there for him and supporting him and his addiction, he has no reason to stop (in his eyes). My father is an alcoholic. He tried rehab after my mom left him (after 30 years of enabling him) but my siblings stepped in and took over the enabler roll so he went right back to drinking. I have stopped talking to my father because I know there isnt anything I can do to change his ways and now that Im grown and have my own family, I dont (and wont) have to put up with it anymore. Its very sad knowing that anyone has to go through this, but you will only hurt yourself if you continue to push the issue because it will never make him change and you will run yourself into the ground trying.lived with it for over 20 years2
none
I dont know how much you know about substance abuse treatment, but the role you playing is called a "sponsor." That can be a lot of responsibility unless youre trained and have some experience. I think I would encourage her to get a committed sponsor and get ongoing counseling(in addition to AA). I admire your committment to your friend, you are clearly a good person and a good friend. The problem becomes you changing roles from that of friend to what?, therapist, sponsor, mom? When the situation forces a major transformation in your friendship status, then the friendship starts to wane. The other thing about alcoholics is that they tend to relaspe frequently. So, if you tell her "one more drink and its over" then it will be over. You need to impower her, if you accept your new role, and spend lots of time building her selp esteem. GOOD LUCK30 yrs. as a therapist0
Youre a beast. Go on with your beastly ways. I salute you.0
My father died of leukemia the weekend I turned 19 believe me I share your grief, but to drown your problems with alcohol isnt the answer. AA doesnt work for all, some are turned off by its religious implications. But u wont know if you dont try.2
You might not be able to do it without being medically supervised in the hospital. Talk to your doctor and he or she can make this happen. Then you will likely get anti-depressants and forced to go to AA meetings.0
[citation needed]4
none
You seem to have the mind of an alcoholic. I used to think like you do. However the only way for you to really find out is to go to a meeting of AA and have a listen to the stories they tell of their experiences with alcohol. You will find a list of AA meetings online. Good luck and may God bless you. You certainly need His help-we all do!Sober alcoholic1
none
Bring me a list of famous people and ill scratch off the ones who werent/arent. Shorter that way.1
Sorry but the God thing from the previous person is a crock of ****, the only person that can change your situation is YOU! Yes alcoholics can change but it will take a good reason, right now he has no reason to quit, you are there for him. You need to leave him and make it on your own and in the mean time he must prove to you that he is serious about quitting altogether, he cannot be a social or moderate drinker. He has to prove to you that he is willing to become a responsible husband and now soon to be father and that will take time. Before you go back with him and empty promises give him a time table to go by, like tell him you will not go back to him unless and until he has been sober for 1 year. If he is not able to do that than you are better off without him, living with an alcoholic is nothing but a lose lose situation, good luck!4
Sounds like she has more emotional issues than you realize. I think she needs to see a therapist, and possibly get onto an anti depressant. In either event, she needs medical care.Grandma was a schizophrenic alcoholic.1
Its still the same message : smoking and drinking is glamorous, and will give you a shortcut to a glamorous life style.0
nothing getting your stomach pumped is punishment enough but once there parents find out its up to them what happens next2
none
Youre one Addicted Motha******Im ******* scene1
If you cant restrain your wife without hitting her, you might be a p*ssy.1
Not to sound too judgmental, but based on your poor grammar and spelling Id say its too late. You already have severe brain damage. Or lack of education. I cant quite figure out which it is at this point. Everybody is different and drugs and alcohol affect everybody differently. I drank and smoked off and on a habitual basis for several years and I could definitely tell that it was affecting my thought processes and decision making. Once I stopped I could tell a big difference with where my head was at. Maybe you should stop smoking for a while and see if it clears your head. Drinking once a week, even if its a large amount isnt that big of a deal. (To me anyways.) I cant speak to your concerns about mental disorders. Im not educated on that subject. But if I had to hazard a guess. Id say hereditary mental problems are either going to manifest or theyre not. Alcohol and drugs probably wont change that either way. Have fun in the navy. Once youre there and away from pot, see if you notice a difference with your mind.0
Manbearpig is a serious problem.1
you can try to get him help but if he does not want to stop drinking there is no way you can help him. there are some drugs out there that make a person sick when hey drink but you would have to give this to him and him not know good luck. please try to talk to him maybe you 2 can work some thing out0
YOU cant do anything. Unless he WANTS to stop, he wont. Do you REALLY want to live your life with someone who is an addict?? I dont think it would be such a good life.3
none
Alcohol and pills shouldnt ever be mixed, but advil doesnt sound like the problem. sounds like more of a drinking problem. but im confused you state she does drink and pop, but then you ask if you can tell she is? does she or you think she does?0
Call the police. He will get arrested and be forced into rehab by court order. Do start the alaom meetings they will help you. Im a recovering addict if you need advice message me.0
Lettuce is grossPs I hate fags0
You NEED to ask for help. Its the only way anyone works through an addiction. Support and being under the guidance of your doctor. Dont feel ashamed. Even adults deal with this. Thats why there are alcoholics anonymous meetings and rehab clinics.1
none
none
the magic in them0
No one in the world feels like that, not even me. And I am drunk right now. Youre a bad bad person and even praying wont keep santa from shoving his red hot dong in your little tiny butt and making it hurt kind of.0
There is nothing wrong with nudism. There is something VERY wrong with marrying somebody under false pretenses. As a nudist myself, I still say I see grounds for an annulment.2
Sure does and can be the hardest to disentangle oneself from should one decide to.1
i love two part questions 1. yes 2. overhead60 years roaming this old earth1
Come to Pedo Bears rehab center for the underage! It looks like a van... but trust me.4
Hey, cereal addiction is no joke. Ive done things you couldnt even imagine to get my fix.0
Well, your parents were probably drunk the night they made you, so if they say its true, it must be.0
It seems that he has a problem with alcohol, which is what an alcoholic has0
none
Ive had problems with alcohol and drugs myself..including oxy. Thankfully I stopped that fairly fast, tho it was hell to come off! Unfortunately all that is happening sounds fairly normal for someone struggling with any sort of substance abuse problem. Its horrible for the families too. I dont really know much of what u can do other than look into treatments available in ur area and talk to someone that can advise u properly. Im in Australia but I just googled Orlando drug detox centre and this search result came up with a couple of places. Not sure if it will be of any help. http://www.thegooddrugsguide.com/treatme   0
none
they are equally dangerous to both us and the people that take them.2
If youre between the age of 18-26, this is normal. If youre younger, keep it to a few. If youre older, grow up and drink the hard stuff. Remember, never drive.Common sense0
Water it down so he wont get as drunk.0
none
yep0
none
none
Alcohol is fine in moderation and one or two glasses at night is acceptable as it it is good for the body and soul however, if she had been drinking in the morning as well or at other times at irregular hours then it could be assumed alcoholism. My parents are almost 90 years of age and continued to have their glass of wine or two every evening up until the age of about 80 but my father continues to imbibe even until now. Personally, I quit drinking at the age of about 38 as my demeanour doesnt take it too well (I get drunk too quickly). You should allow her the ritual 2 glasses per night as it will give her peace.0
none
lets face it,,,getting high is a determent to physical being not getting high is a detriment to mental health and the really stupid ones go to congress and dictate how we should live2
none
I would say the biggest concern would be that with alcohol, your judgements often change, which could make it easy to overdose on coke when you are not thinking totally straight. Also, make sure you surround yourself with people that would have the balls to get you to medical help if needed and not just let you pass out in a back room if you were having issues. I have also heard that the coke and alcohol can work against each other to be hard on the heart. Also, coke tends to make you feel invincible, so you often dont feel the alcohol is taking any effect. I know you didnt want a lecture, but I cant end this without saying, please make sure you dont drive at all that night. Later at night, you will feel like the coke and the alcohol had all worn off, but it has not.3
Its an addictive drug. As for more or less, that depends upon the individual using the drug. This would apply to any and all drugs.1
Im a recovered alcoholic in my 6th year of sobriety and total abstinence thanks to Alcoholics Anonymous, I now work in the alcohol rehab centre that I was once a patient in so I can tell you that you show all the signs of alcoholism. The fact that you have aspergers syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder makes little difference to your chances of recovery from alcoholism if thats what you want to do, my link will tell you how to find a meeting near to where you live, give it a try, it will make all the difference to your life and help you cope with your other problems. Lastly, alcoholism is NOT hereditary, there may be a lot in your family for several reasons but there is no evidence that D contains any evidence of alcoholism.http://aa.org/lang/en/subpage.cfm?page=2   0
none
i have suffered from many addictions and i will try to explain it to the best of my ability, so here it is: most people who suffer from addiction do genuinely care about loved ones. it is very hard to show that you care about someone when your mind is not where it needs to be as a fully functioning human being. addictions are hard to understand even for those who suffer from them. it is not the person that doesnt care about you or wants to make your life terrible, it is the actual addict within the person. you can continue to show him that you care about him and just keep letting him know that. if you really are the good in his life you need to be there for him even if its on the phone or through email or even regular mail. you should support him because if you arent there for him he will feel abandoned and have no "rock bottom" to hit. if you have nothing to loose then you have nothing to gain. try to find some AA literature and give them to him for as long as it takes for him to accept them. i also believe that you should attend Alateen. it is a support group for teens and young adults that will help you better understand your dads addiction and help you to cope with it. i really hope that i helped in some way and i hope that you do attend the meetings i told you about. they will help you understand even more than i could help you to. make sure that if he does recover he remembers that there is no such thing as alcoholwasm there is only alcoholism and there isnt a cure but there is therapy and support groups.presonal experience1
Wow, it seriously breaks my heart to read your words here. I wish I could be a lot of help to you and make you understand his sickness, but there is no way for a non addict/alcoholic to understand, its hard enough for the alcoholic/addict to understand what it happening to themselves. What really hurts about reading your side of it is the fact that I am an addict (recovering, but still not fully well) and I have 2 small children (ages 6 and 1 year) also 2 stepkids ages 15 and 12. There are many differences in my story but I pray my sickness doesnt hurt my children as you seem to be hurting. If you are willing, you could look for Alateen or alanon meetings in your area, they help kids and families of alcoholics/addicts understand the sickness better. If you do go you will most likely be suprised at how many other peoples stories are so much like yours! I went to rehab and my husband was able to talk to a couselor and her has gone to many alanon meetings which has helped him understand a lot about addiction/alcoholism, it has also helped him know how to deal with it better and learn many other helpful things to help him live better. I know without a doubt its possible and highly likely that your dad means it when he says you are his world, my kids are my love and life, but addiction/alcoholism is a really powerful sickness that is HARD to get over (or work hard on getting better). I have heard in some places our brains are kind of wired differently, and I wish nothing more that I wasnt an addict as he probably would give anything to not be an aloholic. Its a painful, lonely, awful sickness to have and deal with, but its especialy hard on our loved ones, and even harder when they dont understand it. I am in no way saying that you should be okay with his alcoholism, For his good as well as yours I hope you can help him kick it and keep yourself healthy mentaly and emotionaly as well. I do hope this has helped in the tinyist bit, I hope you will look for an alateen meeting or alanon meeting around you so you will get some answers and if I were you I would ask him to go to an AA meeting as well, I hope this website may be of some use to you.... take care, Best of wishes to you!! http://www.aa.org/?Media=NoFlash1
Well Alcohol abuse is very damaging to the body. Drugs such as cocaine, ecstacy and meth are filled with chemicals. In conclusion, any amount of drug you take could have or will have a negative long term effect on the body. Alcohol, if abused will have the same effect. So Id say they fall in the same category. Drink some water and take a few shrooms... youll just trip out and be hydrated.0
not really, its not passed from generation to generation in genes. However, people say that if your parents are alcoholics, you have a higher chance of becoming one than kids without alcoholic parents, but it doesnt mean you WILL become one if your parents are alcoholics.1
Prohibition never works, the only people who benefit are the gangsters. It would possibly be better if all recreational drugs had never been invented or discovered but they have so there is absolutely nothing to be gained from banning any of them, unless of course you happen to be a gangster.3
1) Get help for addiction 2) Seek a therapist 3) Get on anti-depressants 4) Read the bible, discover God in your life0
i cant speak for most but i just enjoyed the new experience. i like to try new things in life (to a certain degree) and it just worked for me. i find people are slightly more sociable when drinks are involved and sometimes the lack of inhibitions allows for more honesty and truth to be involved inthose circles than youd ever see in a sober crowd. and its not to say you say things drunk you wouldnt say when your sober. thats an excuse. people are more prone to say and act certain ways as the consequences seem less important which can be great and freeing given certain scenarios. i like to say "i say what i feel and feel what i say" but we are all kind of shackled by what society says is right and wrong and occassionally it feels good to kind of distance yourself from those voices. i would say, no matter what you do, do it for you. if you find yourself doing something because everyone else is doing it and for no other reason than i could guess your on the right track. by the way i didnt drink till i turned 19 and didnt smoke or do drugs then either until after high school. i had more priorities than most0
none
Tell them youre not stupid.2
You are an alcoholic.0
Liver. But when your liver fails, your kidneys do too.Its not pretty.0
No it would take a lot more than that. An end to drugs and prostitution and other corruption would have to follow.0
Just to care of a guy in his 40s in critical care in our hospital. He suffered minimal ill effects from similar amounts of alcohol abuse (several 6-packs a day for 20 years) until his massive stroke, which left him unable to breathe on his own and unable to communicate. He suffered from "locked-in syndrome"-- the stroke affected his ability to speak, but he could still understand everything said to him. Could no longer move, use the bathroom, get up, or feed himself. It was a pretty said situation, as evidenced by the fact that he used to weep while we cleaned him up from his bowel incontinence. He was then released to long-term nursing home care. I guess this is a possible end result for you, too. Dont fool yourself-- the kind of alcohol use you are talking about is slowly but surely destroying your body. It just might take a couple of decades to totally incapacitate yourself.RN0
It is hard to say if he will stop and/or if he will be OK. Just know that it is not your fault or your Moms fault. Alcoholism is a disease that only HE can control. It ruins strong men, women, and families. HE must decide to get help and stay away from the booze. It is best that you are leaving because he gets mean! This may be just the wake up call he needs to straighten him up. I wish you and your family well. There are organizations like AlAnon that could be of help to you and your Mom. If you are having trouble knowing what to do or how to handle the situations you are in, then this may be a good support group for you. http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/how-to-fi   0
I agree. Pot should be legal, and alcohol illegal. Oops. We tried that.I didnt work. All it did was found organized crime. But, if you feel that way about it, are you DOING anything about it? Writing letters to your elected officials to get new laws made? Join MADD?? Anything other than coming on Y/A?2
Now a days there are so many places where they take care of such people and help to discard alcohol. You have give him more love than alcohol then only he will realize.0
Spending time with drug-users will make you a drug-user being in a drug-using family means more time with drug-users. Being the fetus in a drug-using pregnancy is still doing drugs. It may be morally different for the fetus but aside from that its identical. Anyone in a situation like this needs help. Three sources of help spring to mind: Alcoholics Anonymous, Child Protective Services, and God. Each of them has their own ways of helping and each has their own strengths. I recommend reaching out to each of them.0
hahaah...still stuck wid those wet stuff.... Ill give u an opinnion..4get those drinks, introduce DRY in ur lyf... introduce GRASS....! GANJA GANJAAA!1
Liver damage.0
I was told by an alcholic friend who had to STOP drinking years ago, that drinking is a prevelage and if you abuse it, like you sound like you are, you will lose that privelage, not to mention maybe your life, friends, job, etc. If you do drink, set a low limit and stick to that and no more, make it a goal and be responsible, otherwise you will end up in big trouble.1
yes, Ive seen several people not reach their 40th birthday because of it, and many weedusers do. Here in the netherlands, where using it has been decriminalised, we have 17 mln inhabitants, 1 million regular cannabis-users and also 1 million people with an alcoholPROBLEM. We have less heroin/cocain-addicts per capita tan other countries that do persecute cannabis-use Taxes is NOT the only reason. Theres economy (cannabis could compete away cotton for clothes or wood for paper), and theres politics: cannabis can make you look at things from another angle, and stoners can be used as scapegoats/boogymen lastly, cannabis-use CAN make a latent psychosis come to the surface. That doesnt mean that it causes schizophrenia, it just brings it to the surface. If that happens its time to stop. Schizophrenia affects one point zero percent of the population, in th netherlands just like elsewhere1
Only you can tell if your an addict, if its such a problem I suggest just stopping for a while and find new friends.0
Once an addict, always an addict is the general rule. You can quit for a week, a month, a year, or ten years<SEMCOL> once you pick up that first drink, it will be extremely difficult to stop until you are drunk again.0
none
To listen to a song about drugs or alcohol, simply turn on the radio...2
Yes probably its causing depression for you . I recommend seeing a therapist.0
There are some pleasant feelings it causes when you get the right amount in your bloodstream.3
5 years ago0
Is this a question? Please, only post questions.1
You are on the road to becoming an alcoholic! STOP drinking now or you will succeed in actually becoming an alcoholic. I suggest that you contact AA and if you are a teen ask them about programs that will help you anonymously. No one can help you if you dont take the first step and want to be helped. Please dont procrastinate and do something now. Good luck!Personal Opinion0
Your mum may not be far off. 30+ years of heavy drinking is a lot. The price of all that is coming due. He needs a medically supervised detox. Abruptly cutting off the alcohol can kill an alcoholic. Our practice (in the US) once had an alcoholic in the intensive care unit, sedated, for two+ weeks, while his symptoms from withdrawal were treated. Both you & your mum need help, regardless of what your dad does. For you: http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/alateen For her: http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk/about Unfortunately, there is nothing you can do at this point. The two of you could talk to your GP about help from the NHS. Best of luck.been there0
First, you would not be denied for telling the truth, you would be denied for a preexisting condition. If you lied, they could say that you materially misrepresented yourself on the application and deny coverage anyway. Sorry, I know what youre trying to say, but remember that insurance people answer these questions. In what state do you live and do you currently have insurance? If no credible coverage is in place now, then these two issues wont be covered for a while. If you do have credible continuous coverage and you are in a state which does not have medical underwriting for group coverage, then you shouldnt have any problems at all. Your state is really important to answer this question.0
The day little Tommy got bullied by the pot smoking teen. Great book.0
Wait...theyre not the same thing?5
Assuming you are in the lower levels of school, you could probably just get away with rewording your first paragraph. Have your topic/first sentence also be your concluding sentence. So if your first paragraph looked something like this: Alcohol can be very dangerous. It can lead to brain damage, drinking addictions and bad decisions, such as drunk driving blah blah blah etc. Say something like: Blah blah blah etc. Excessive consumption of alchohol can lead to brain damage, drinking addictions and bad decisions, such as drunk driving. See what I did there? And I hope for your sake your essay looks/sounds a lot better than my example(<SEMCOL> Good luck0
dont be afraid of this new chapter in your life. i once too was divoirced and lonely but now i am happier than i could have ever imagned. Focus on rebuilding yourself! take time for you get your nails done, work out..read some books. everything else will fall into place.me!1
Free Alchohol and Drugs? WHERE?! You lying ... son of a ... fdlksjdflskdfj... D:0
none
yes you would be crazy if you stop drinking all together, just drink on weekends, job sorted!0
Yes, you are. I knew someone who drank that much every single day when I was a kid. He smoked as well. That combo killed him at age 48. ?2
charlie sheen0
No - get a brain!1
IDK,! Mine is Effective Here!0
Im not really sure I see much of a question there. Except the first one, about being an "alcoholic", which you admit you are, which is okay. The question about obsessing that you have enough alcohol: Hell, yes, thats normal. I do the same thing, I cant stand it if I run out of alcohol after I start drinking. I absolutely do not understand the idea of having "just one beer". If you want a beer, why wouldnt you want another beer? Do people not realize that a beer wears off after an hour? Mouthwash and vanilla, that is desperate. Ive drank irish creme straight because I was out of booze, and these nasty spicy tequila shooters I found in the back of a cupboard, and one time a bottle of Robitussin (that did not mix well). A suggestion: cheap Russian vodkas. You can get 1.75 L (thats half a gallon) for under $15 if you check the bottom shelf. I keep a bottle in my closet so I know I wont be stuck awake at 2 AM taking the bags out of old wine boxes so I can cut them open and get every last drop. I drink alone most of the time, too. Have you read "The Zen of Drinking Alone": http://www.drunkard.com/issues/03_03/03-    ? Awesome article, awesome magazine, too. I like to keep an airplane bottle of Bacardis taped to the underside of the bathroom sink, too. In case someone wants me to go out with them I can say, "Yeah, let me just check my hair," and then slam a shot to get in the mood.0
t.t.f.b.c.t.a.b.t.t.f.t...idk....f.d.t.f    t:true f:false hope this helps study though next time ktook same test at online school last year0
Have enough patience. Pl. wait. Time will solve all our difficult problems. Have faith. Be optimistic and have lot of hopes and aspirations. Dont lose heart. If possible, try to pray for a while daily in the morning at least for few minutes and exercise lot of tolerance power along with will power also. Prayer does lot of wonders in life. Time is the best healer.own0
none
an economist would increase cost through added tax and reduce availability. im not familiar with the four elements of the economic way of thinking. i use common cents when considering human rationality and tendencies, the nature of the black hole, the moon, and the Sun. a social worker would recommend AA. a psychiatrist would recommend a pharmaceutical drug0
Yes, Thats correct, so smoke and dont drink,,6
none
3 litres.0
Tasha, you did good last night. Amazing BJ I must say.9
Bad grammar aside, there is no evidence that your claim is true.2
There are a bunch that dont but with the 80s and the whole sex drugs rock n roll saying, ppl have assumed that rockers party and do drugs3
none
Drinking alone does not make you an alcoholic. I drink alone sometimes. You just need to watch on how much you drink. Being an alcoholic means you cannot control your drinking. If you just drink a little bit at a time once and a while Then all is well.4
A lot of jazz musicians like Miles Davis, Charlie Parker, Billie Holiday and John Coltrane did heroin so, yeah, some of them do.2
Im so sorry that youre passing through this mental strain at your age when you should be thinking about your school. And your mum being so heartless that she doesnt see the harm she is taking you through. your mum is a full grown who should teach you the way of life but in this case I dont know what to say only pray that she comes back to her senses. She has her life to live and choosen to wast it that way. It is the shame and pains she is bringing to the family that is paining me. But always remember, you have your own life to live. Dont allow your mums way of life to affect yours too bad. Remain focus and keep praying for her.0
Maybe because youre fat.0
i think its how confident a person becomes after having a drink. to other people and not my friends i come across as quite shy and reserved but after having a few drinks i become a lot more confident and more like myself when around friends. thats probably why i find it quite addictive:)1
**** yeah!!!!!!2
If you know someone who needs help. You need to go to AL ANON. You can google AA or  and you can find meetings all around the united states. These meetings will say open or closed. If the meeting is "open" that means that anyone (addict/alcoholic or non addict/alcoholic) is welcome. If it says closed, that means that only addicts and alcoholics are welcome. To you it may seem weird or not normal to go to these meetings, but everyone is friendly,warm, and inviting. After you sit through a meeting and it has ended, stick around and ask someone about what you should do with this problem. They will be more than happy to help you. Treatment programs can be an IOP (intensive outpatient) meaning you go to a facility everyday, but go home at night, this usually lasts for 4 weeks. Or you can do impatient, meaning you live at a facility and get treatment. Being a recovering addict myself, I hurt many family members and friends, but mostly myself. A lot of trust issues have come up, but i work everyday to gain the trust back from my loved ones. But there are also some relationships that i cannot fix. And i would also suggest picking up some pamphlets from the meeting or you can find them online!0
Yes you are. You need to go to rehab, counseling, and AA.1
agree1
Addiction is a DISEASE<SEMCOL> if someone gets cancer, is it their own fault?0
Because thats different. Drinking physically gets you addicted to it, while the others are just cravings that is better to just not do.3
48 hours. and he must drink alot of water, and should be careful with the mouth washes with alcohol in them sometimes those get picked up too1
get help0
2 words... coca cola. drink it is is good.0
none
Get in contact with a support group and get them to intervene perhaps tell your mum how her drinking makes you feel0
he wont die if he quits, whats important is for you to decide if you want to be with an alcoholic forever and if the good really out weighs the bad, tell him to go to AA and if wont quit and go, then it is time to make a decision2
You may end up killing yourself.WTF2
This is so true.1
She shouldnt be your friend? Get away from that *****! Btw OBVIOUS troll. A 7th grader who is addicted to drugs and alcohol and is pregnant? Where do you live? The Belgian Congo? GET REAL!1
Change friends, who give company in drinking. Eat well, Do morning walk. Tell your family/ servant about your intention to stop drinking<SEMCOL> they shall do the needful. Do not think of long future.0
yes it is...but at the same time it not because it could just replace one addiction with another but if you use it right and dont abuse it...it would be a great medicine0
Youve taken the first step and acknowledged you have a problem. When youre ready, make a commitment to go one day at a time without alcohol. Ask your husband to take this journey with you, to save your marriage, for the sake of your kids, hell, even to save money! Reward yourself with dinners, massages, or anything non alcohol related. Prepare for mood swings and self doubt. See if you can join an online AA forum. Some people have meetings once a week, others just go when they can. Its very encouraging. You dont need a group to quit drinking, just yourself, a solid promise, and determination.1 year sober.0
ur rite1
500 gallons0
none
...... You can smoke tobacco at 18 and drink alcohol at 21. If youre caught underage, youll be prosecuted. So, do what you want. Youll just get caught.Common sense. Former USAF2
Tell him how you feel and tell him to not drink so much1
Get a new friend? Wtf!0
It isnt as dangerous. Not at all. Its just our stubborn government making a stand against something they dont want to research properly themselves and fail to believe any information that is researched by individual researchers. Heroin is massively addictive. The only addictive part of a "spliff" is the tobacco, which is already legal! There is NO evidence to suggest it contributes to long term illness. Just assumptions. As for alcohol. When was the last time you saw someone smoke cannabis and then get in a fight? Now think about the number of people youve seen get angry after a pint too many. The government could make so much money for Cannabis tax. They are plain stupid to keep it illegal.2
alcohol by far.because weed is just awesome.0
You must have considered drinking before. I use to be an alcoholic but I am a Christian now and quit drinking for good when I accepted the Lord as my savior. Believe me, I dont miss it. Once you take a drink you will want more. It takes all of your money before long and determines your moods. You will do stupid things and regret them. You cant take back words or actions.Take it from a reformed alcoholic and please dont do it! Pray about it and may God bless you!0
replace the alcohol with water.1
I am so sorry to hear that. Growing up I had a parent on drugs. Sweetie she doesnt see what you see. There is something insideof her that makes her want to drink. Alcohol is covering up whatever issue she has. The best advice that I can give you is to love yourself and your mother. Things get hard before they get better. Stay strong for yourself and your siblings. In time youll have to find your piece with the situation1
You could be addicted. This can also come from maybe when your mom was pregnant she occassionaly drank or enjoyed drinking. Whatever she ate or drank was exposed to you and if she drank and enjoyed it your body would too.0
none
Cut down on the alcohol bit by bit. Water the alcohol down with water.0
none
none
This question is tough, because how is sobriety defined in this situation? Is the liver damaged due to excessive drinking (i.e. cirrhosis from alcohol use) or is it a physiological abnormality where the liver was never at 100% efficiency before the alcohol use. -However, as a strict no outliers considered answer, yes, they should. Since no one here when put in a similar situation wouldnt want a liver to be given to them had they needed one. People should be given the benefit of the doubt because its called faith, and whether or not they do stop the drinking, it isnt up to anyone to decide who is more worthy of life.1
If you are able to stop, you may not be an alcoholic, yet. Alcoholism is a sneaky little b*tch. She woos you, is funny, cute, warm and fuzzy, you have good times together. She makes you forget about your week and those tests and deadlines and loneliness. Then she wants more time with you. You say, NO, I gotta work, i gotta study, i have to go to family get togethers, i have kids....i have to clean my house, car, yard....But she gets demanding. She wants more of your time. So you give in, and make it a few more during the week. After a while, she has you wrapped around her fingers, inside and out. You get sucked into her cold bottle or plastic cups. You come home, shes waiting....you forget anything else. Before you know it, she is with you everywhere. In your pocket, stashed in every room for a quick squeeze...and you cant live without her. Thats unfortunate, because just when that happens, and you have no more school, job, family, home, car...or friends...she laughs at you . You are her slave. You have to do her bidding. You will steal, you will steal money, booze, whatever it takes for her. You have nothing else. It all starts out so simple, and fun. it ends up with her spitting on your face in an ally. Like any relationship that could become destructive- why not consider just being acquaintances...and when you do see her, just let her have a little bit of you, not the whole night. keep her at bay. I know what the b*tch can do. She ruined my marriage, lost my husband his job, and killed him on Christmas night in his truck with a .458 alcohol level. And when he died? The b*tch told his family I was the reason he died. They believed her too. But , shes good friends with his family too. She already took away 3 others from his family since he died. I stay away from her, and once in a great while, have some wine or a half a beer. I wont let her in my life. Use her, but dont you ever let her use you. If you can, cut back. If you CANT, get help.1
Because the effect is desired, not the taste.1
none
Of course it will. It is proven that a couple drinks a week can keep someones life going on stronger and longer because the stress will be lessened in the persons life. However drinking that much turns this potentially good thing into something horrible get him to quit.0
cool story1
no continue drinking3
20 Jul 2010     Or maybe he went to one of those schools that pretends alcohol isnt a drug. ... what you would say about marijuana if it was a killer like alcohol, .0
I was married to a man who was the same. I eventually divorced him, even though all he had was the clothes on his back. That was his choice, not mine. I gave him every opportunity, and he chose to not take it. This is HIS problem. Hes making his choices. Its not your fault.2
If u really loved her you would call the law to offer care before she hurts someone or herself1
none
none
You should come to Australia. Our legal age is 18. Try looking up some research for why Australias age is 18. That should give you some stuff to go off0
He works for Fox News<SEMCOL> I figure you have to be blown on something to work there.0
none
They probably wont test for alcohol. And the body usually takes about two hours to process one drinks worth of alcohol, youll be fine.0
Hmm very good question. It depends on the type of steroid I guess. Although abusing steroids for a year can cost you your health. Your hormone system might get messed up for life. On the other hand, abusing alcohol will get you addicted to it for life and will most likely cost you your liver. Plus alcohol abusers lose their family and job cause of their addiction. If were talking about use in moderation, then I have to chose alcohol, just because I dont have much experience with steroids.0
ask the police to track her cell phone say you think she might be drink driving and could hurt her self.me.2
none
I think it would be very hard to enforce1
because almost half the world goes to bed hungry. When you see the starving children in Africa and Asia, its hard for a lot of people to feel sorry for a western woman who can afford food choosing not to eat. BTW this is not how I feel, i<SEMCOL>m just saying why people would feel this way.1
Some people are smashed or drunk everyday! Your dad is definetely not an alcoholic to the scale of other people I have seen. However if he is drinking by himself then he might have a problem developing. If this is in a social setting you have nothing to worry about. Is he drinking by himself?0
You cant get her to quit until she wants to quit.1
1 - Alcohol creates acid in the stomach 2 - Alcohol is a sugar 3 - Alcohol is a poison1
http://science.howstuffworks.com/alcohol   0
Alcohol will make it worse. Hows it workin out for u so far?0
none
There is no such thing as a "correct treatment procedure" first of all. Everyone is different, as is their treatment. What works for one person usually doesnt work for another. Thats why therapists arent taught just one way to help their clients. Being a recovered addict does help with the therapist being more empathetic to your situation. However, just because one hasnt had an addiction in the past doesnt mean that they cant help you just as much as one who has overcame their addiction. Another barrier you may have is not being open to the therapy on some level. Its like you dont want the help of anyone but people who are recovered addicts, which is fine. But if you dont have that option in your area, then you should learn to work with someone who you may not prefer. A college education can be just as informational as one who lived with their addiction. Also, the recovered addict still has through the same classes and get their degree as one who hasnt had an addiction. Just a thought.1
none
none
Not country. Not rap/hiphop. Almost anything else is ok.0
Sorry, you are definitely on the way to having dependency problems. You need to curb your intake of both substances.2
black ppl1
What good can he possibly offer your child? I suggest you stay completely away from him and if he ever gets cleaned up, youll see. After all, he could even sell your baby ofr drugs or shake him and beat you. People on drugs are dangerous and unpredictable. Unless you wan tto give your child up for adoption, staying with this guy is bad news. Maybe the next time you could think about using birth control, it could really save you from having to deal with so much trouble. Good luck and think about yourself as well as the child. This is not a safe environment for him. You dont have the luxury of thinking about your lovelife now because it puts your child at great risk. Sorry, mom, life is tough and now you have the life of a grown up. Good lcuk!!!0
I agree, unfortunately athletes often get second chances John Doe would never get.1
Because cannabis leads many people onto to harder drugs and also causes many anti-social issues INCLUDING connections and encouragement to criminal gangs, it also messes peoples brains up by making many of them paranoid schizophrenics, it cannot be easily detected on uses that drive under the influence of it..... and if its such a big deal to you, then why dont you just move somewhere else where it IS legal then? Lots of people that use the stuff cant even be bothered to work for a living, and therefore are a burden on the rest of us that dont use it! FACT! At least most people that just have a couple of drinks at night can usually be bothered to go to work most days.3
DONT EAT THE SUGAR!!! *runs away*3
Peer pressure, not acting like an adult.0
All i know is sip of it a day wont harm u0
Any age really if you do still all this then you should stop as your health will decrease and so will your mental health depending on the digs you do0
none
k2 is not in production anymore. The reason is because in 2010 the DEA banned JWH-018 which is the active ingredient in k2. most likely you are smoking a newer version of the same thing (maybe k3?), but most likely what you are smoking does not contain the JWH-018 because it is illegal and cannot be sold. If this is true, it will not test positive for synthetic cannabinoids. But to answer your question directly, JWH-018 and other synthetic cannabinoids are water soluble and have a half life of usually less than 5 hours. This would mean it would likely be out of your system within days (5 at the absolute MAX but more likely 1-2 with casual use) With an EtG test, alcohol can be tested for up to 80hours after consumption.experience biochemistry student0
Have a drink1
none
All 4 combined = Heaven.0
yes you can build a tolerance. and honestly if you have built a tolerance on alcohal then yes you are an alcohalic. Try quiting for a month or so. If you dont get high anyway it shouldnt be that hard.0
WOw! Why did u not do this b4 the kidz came & were involved? I hate hearing this so much b/c u ppl bring more innocent ones in your mess & choices. So many are doing it all backwards..1st u get to KNOW who ur dealing with & then create the family...im not judging anyone i am tired of seeing this crap! If we can stop ppl from making these stupid choice & stop them from following others who are doing this,then perhaps they have a chance. Now u want to kick him when hes down? At his most critical time of/in his life? If he doesnt have his dear ones in his life to SUPPORT him at this Crucial time,hes no doubt finished! What happened to IN HARD TIMES,UNTIL DEATH DO US PART,THICK & THIN? BAIL OUTS ARE EASY,THE HARD WORK ppl RUN FROM,I see THIS ALWAYS. have a ULTIMATUM,this life threatening bottom should be enough to make him fix this! At least give him 1/2 a chance, if not for you then for his children or forever hold ur guilt,if u have any. (many r selfish & dont) Are you yourself perfect? Havent you made/make mistakes too?I believe your about to make another one. LOOK B4 U LEAP! I have been through this & I KNOW what m talking about. I am the one that had the addiction & i had my dear ones SUPPORT 100%I admitted myself into rehab & now im not 100% perfect no one is,but im a better Mother,wife & all around human being & i had that chance..does he? Would you want a chance too? 1/2 even? Have a heart,it may one day be you or/and ur kids..My motto? NEVER SAY NEVER! I sincerely truly wish & want you & yours to have the best & i want peace & wellness for u all. I know about miracles & their some for your family as well. BELIEVE IT K?MyLife~ ?4
There are addiction genes, but doing any of those things as a teenager doesnt mean much.1
A persons Genetics, and their Upbringing. Just an opinion.1
My mother was a alcoholic for 10 years and it was very depressing to watch. I know the feeling you have and it really sucks.0
The whole philosophy behind AA and  is to welcome everybody and be respectful.  wont turn her away at all even if she never did any drugs, its about support and educating each other so you dont abuse your body anymore. Whoever was leading her AA group was not doing a good job leading the group discussions.0
perhaps or your just human. yes it is more likely for youy to b an alcoholic with the family history of alcoholics but that doesn mean you are automaticly one. now bak in the day when you were partying like that a lot of teens do that. my boyfriend did. then again he is an alcoholic lmao. but anyways if you think you are one it is best to avoid drinking. and now that you have realized your body still wants to be an alcoholic you just need to be a little more mentally strong so you can handle this desease by yourself. but if you feel yourself getting bak to that point pull away frm drinking completely. =D good luck hun!0
There is no chance of a happy childhood for your kid if you stay with this reject. What is wrong with you that you would love an alcoholic batterer? YOU need counseling. Forget about going with him -- go _yourself_ so you can explore what is wrong with you that led you to be with and to reproduce with this dude, and so you can get help to leave the relationship. Document everything, speak to a lawyer. Dont kid yourself that hes only abusive when drunk. Does he hit the bartender? No. So he has self-control over that when drunk. He _chooses_ to abuse _you_. It was a terrible choice to reproduce with him, but you can fix things by leaving. Do not doom your child to the same sh!t you are in right now.6
none
What do u get? Wings...without the red bull! Crack-on son!0
I would have to vote for alcoholic. But alcoholism comes in shapes and sizes. Any binge drinking is also sign of a problem, even if it happens seldomly.0
spiritual void.0
Hi, Im also dealing with a loved one who has an alcohol problem. I dont know what to do either, but heres what people have said to me: He has to hit rock bottom. He has to decide to get help. You can only support him<SEMCOL> he has to commit himself to change. I know... nothing you havent already heard... just know that there are others in the same boat as you. God bless you and your brother.0
You can try an intervention, have you seen that show? Maybe you should watch it. But in reality, an addict is not going to change their ways unless it is something that they want, not want you want. Try praying and looking into interventions. Good luck. Also, Im not sure if they have alanon where you are from but its a great support group for the family members of alcoholics, this is something that you all are going to need if you are going to get through it yourselves. Google "Alanon" and hopefully youll find one around you!0
none
this varies by state, but here- all he can do is send you to detox.1
Great idea, but who has the power to make them, BHO,thats a joke. Or we could ask them real nice, would they please, and the test done by? Think it would take a vote, to pull it off, but nice idea!273/3220
the govt couldnt give a toss if u want to drink yourself to death,its just another way of raising the tax take3
none
Im so sorry you have had to go through this, hun. Please know that it is not your fault and you are not alone in your suffering. Have you tried Al-Anon? My best friend went through similar issues her whole life with her parents. I have seen a huge change in her since she has been attending the al-anon meetings. The meetings are for family members of alcoholics, it may help you and your sister. http://www.al-anon.org/ much love and blessings0
smoking crack and eating children1
Everyone has a choice whether or not to take a substance. lf they are introduced to it by someone else is immaterial...they dont have to take it.1
Alcohol comes from water, sugar and yeast. Sugar comes from plants. It is nearly impossible in the modern world to survive without consuming some sort of plant material. If this character was truly a plants rights person they would starve to death. Even cattle eat plants, and chickens, and pigs, and...... Thus he would not be exactly a purist.0
the fact that you use alcohol to "solve" problems is a bad sign....how about looking for other ways to deal with bad feelings....2
If you drink every day, and find you cant do without it, chances are youre an alcoholic.I used to be WAY too good at drinking, until I got help.3
none
Yeah I would0
Why didnt you add rush to the list of drug addicts1
none
It is good.0
Having fun! A way to feel different! Confidence Doing what adults do! Rebelling! Doing it because they have been told not to!0
Increased sales, employment of police and rehabilitation services usage, bottle return.0
Many enjoy the loss of Straight thinking, and the relaxation it gives the brain, as well as the effects such as things seeming better than they are, and being less stressed.3
Yes, some people are indeed more prone to certain addictions than others. Some addictions are to substances like drugs and alcohol, and others are to certain behaviors like gambling, compulsive habits and so on and so forth. Some people just can   t focus/function or at least they believe they can   t without turning to a certain substance and/or behavior that they feel they can   t live without. Some people are more inclined to this than others, they may be shy or abused or the behavior may occur completely out of left field. Trying to overcome or avoid shyness or extreme anxiety/trauma seems to be the most common reason people begin engaging in these behaviors. Of course there are others who do it because of enjoyment and don   t believe they can stop or don   t want to stop.0
Addiction.1
none
Irresponsible dad! He should be locked in jail!2
none
drinking alone, hiding your alcohol, getting the shakes when you Dont drink3
none
theres nothing like weed for the first timesbetter stop the drugs while youre ahead. you get arrested you wont be able to find a job and youll be stuck with your parents for ever2
none
No,Never ever get back to that Horrible stuff..You can get happy with sex!! :p Jk,Anyway really dont drink because Alcohol is just as much of a drug as meth really...Good luck and keep going strong2
none
none
Jon Bon Jovi has NEVER been addicted to drugs...neither street nor prescription...nor alcohol, not even wine. I had never seen the interview that youve mentioned, but would love to watch/read it, so please provide more info. Other band members have had alcohol related problems over the years. Tico Torres has been clean and sober since the early 90s. Richie Sambora has had some battles with alcohol during the couple of tours, but is walking the straight line at the moment.0
yes same, a lot of my family are alcoholics and it puts me off, so i rarely drink0
none
STOPSTOP BEFORE ITS TOO LATE1
none
I dont think that you will be able to find this evidence, I think investigation will determine the opposite, that alcohol is significantly more dangerous than pot, both from health and sociological aspects.0
now this is something i really want to see happen!1
ummmm solpadol is acetaminophen(paracetamol) and codeine... as long as you dont take anymore of it you should be fine tonite, party on my dude lol but remember to NOT take anymore or your liver will be destroyed lolPharmacy Student0
Only when the beer went flat. Goody gum drops for you. Why are you in this section?1
yes id leave him because i grew up around that and i always wished my family wasnt like that but it was and i always hated it0
Because its not the alcoholic beverage that people become addicted too, its the feeling people get when they are drunk. Less inhibitions, less stress, less focus. Its a way of ignoring the problems in your life that becomes addictive.2
This may not be possible. The tobacco and alcohol industries play a major role in employment as well as taxation of a country.1
if you actually knew what you were doing, you wouldn,t be asking this question,. you,re not fooling anyone except yourself. the person to ask is a pharmacist. they will know. you sound intelligent and literate, but not very rational.0
I was so enjoying YA without you Sara. You wont die. Youll just get fatter and fatter. Youll get diabetes from your weight combined with your sugar intake (think Paula Deen). Your bad teeth will fall out. You know - the usual stuff.1
none
She does not have a drinking problem, you do. What needs to be done is grab a 5th of Jim Beam and get hammered with her. This will bring you two closer than ever.0
Get some professional help ASAP. An officemate was addicted to alcohol and oxcy some years back and it was awfully painful to stop and get his act back again. Gina our HR gave him this number for his choosing his treatment. It wont take more than 5 mins of your time to get the proper help. Try calling 888-653-8961 (toll free) to get some free consultation. Good luck and you can do it.National Treatment Center: When you decide to stop give us a call for a free consultation 888-653-8961(toll free) M-F 
If he does this again call the police and have him arrested. Then the court can mandate that he take something like AA.Sheriffs Deputy Sergeant0
It is very unlikely to become addicted (mentally so in the sense that your body physically craves the alcohol) the first time, possible but unlikely. If there is a trend of alcoholism in your family then it is possible but still unlikely. You may have cravings for the feeling again but not as a necessity for your bodys functioning. If you were able to go a week without it you are almost 100% not addicted. Good Luck and remember not to drink and drive and dont get shitfaced please.3
none
none
Im not going to lie, a blue moon sounds pretty good right nowhalo 3 and beer0
Yes rehab1
is alcohol your number one proirity? is it consuming and effecting your life? do friends n family tell you that you have a problem? do you drink bc you have too ,or just to have fun?( if you answered yes to these you probably are) although you are young so eventully,mostlikely will lead to alcholism...this could be the start of your addiction...its a slow death that hurt you and your family so much. If you enjoy the feeling of guilt go ahead n stay on the same path. Good luck its good that question is arleady coming to your head. Try to just drink on weekends and dont always get ****** up drunk. I try to be a social drinker,alcholism runs in my blood.my mothers a nasty alcoholic.0
Dude honestly, I think you should know more of the facts before calling anyone ignorant! you dont have very many best answers either. maybe you should understand things better before forming an opinion. I am actually not trying to be rude, so Good luck Danny2
I recently got off the food. I use meth as a natural supplement.2
I am a recovering alcoholic and this sounds alot like me when I was younger. the daily problem may come soon or later. I hihgly reccomend for your friend to stop drinking and a few AA meetings wouldnt hurt either1
I started drinking when I was 15 also Im going to be 20 this yr. I dont like to consider myself being an alcoholic I like to drink but not an alcoholic. I like to drink before I go out just for the hell of it like the movies the mall or if Im just at home not doing anything. I dont brag about drinking either. I like to do what I like to do and dont care what someone thinks. Dont be embarrassed by anything. I know its not good to drink all the time but just dont let it control u and ur life. Have some boundaries Hope this somewhat helps2
Items are not evil in and of themselves but rather how they are abused and misused.2
why go with produce and meat when you can limit them to bread and water? *thats a "no." your punitive system may make you feel better but has no benefit at all, and merely heaps misery on misery.4
none
The Buddha taught that a clean lamp burns with a bright flame just as a healthy body is conducive towards helping one advance towards enlightenment hence taking any form of chemical stimulant which could harm ones health is not encouraged.2
none
Stop drinking. Marijuana is a much safer alternative, if you want to. Its your choice1
My late husband had same problem and same symptoms - sounds like you have a good handle on the situation. A liver biopsy IS NOT A FUN EXPERIENCE but if your friend knows the consequences of his actions then youve done all you can do. Its hard watching someone you care about drink themselves to death. But thats what he is doing. My late husband had to have injections of Pegasus daily ( to ward off liver failure). His liver was so psoriatic and still he continued knowing it didnt just affect him, it affected our entire family. My husband passed away from liver failure - it wasnt pretty to watch him deteriorate, but he did. His liver would swell to football size and still he drank himself blind. I feel sorry for you and your friends family - hes putting them through a lot.2
none
Im a teenager (18) and Im pretty much the same... I like the taste of alcohol, but I dont like to drink excessively<SEMCOL> I can go to parties and quite easily not drink at all, and Im not in the least bit religious. I just dont want to be drunk and make myself feel ill<SEMCOL> I dont enjoy it, so why do it? Everyone is different, not everyone is the same, and not everyone wants to do the same things. How can you be missing out on something you take no pleasure from. If people think its weird, then thats their problem.2
They actually at one time, several decades ago, tried to make alcohol illegal but it caused several issues such as mob wars so they felt it was safer to keep it legal. In other words it was the    prohibition era.    The best driver is most often a sober driver but thats not always safe. But yes when compairing alcohol and pot, a stoned driver is more aware and much safer than a drunk driver. Mainly because alcohol makes a person unfocused while marijuana makes a person over-focused. Alcohol impairs judgment, while a stoned driver is still fully capable of making rational decisions. Just because a stoned driver has an accident doesnt mean its because of marijuana. That just gives people an excuse to blame marijuana.1
It makes you an enabler.1
avoid alcohol at all costs , no casual drinking . get rid of all of it .0
Either tell your dad whats going on or tell the school nurse. Someone needs to help you before things get worse. Your mother has to get professional help, too.0
Drink plenty of water.0
Thats not a drinking problem. Not stopping until every drop of alcohol in the house is drank, that makes you an alcoholic.1
No1
Medical attention. And hurry! Get him to the hospital. You cannot mix pills and booze!!!0
1 joint is like smoking a pack of cigs. i know a lot of pot heads that have or died of lung cancer0
Just stay away from it. Plain and simple. Will be hard at first I undestand but just think of the great outcome youll get.1
none
No they should not and I pray that you never have children.6
1. Thats amazing! 2. Dont have it at all. Its illegal and not a good habit to start. 3. No, but you still shouldnt have it!!0
1) Alcohol poisoning 2) Liver failure 3) Being drunk will cause bad judgement which will likely result in fights, jail etc1
Dont know but i see nothing wrong with it. Kids shouldnt be drinking anyway but thats another subject altogether.2
The occurrence of an alcohol blackout is unpredictable both in severity and in timing. When an individual experiences an alcohol induced blackout, his consciousness remains throughout the period but will be unable to have complete recollection of what happened during that time. The events are never imprinted on the brain for recall. It   s amnesia in a way, but it   s caused by drug or alcohol abuse and not a traumatic or physically debilitating experience. There are two types of alcohol induced blackouts commonly studied: 1. Fragmentary or partial blackouts. These tend to occur when lower levels of alcohol are taken. You might forget names or what you were talking about in the middle of a conversation. These partially interfere with memory formation during intoxication. People can sometimes remember the missing pieces if they are prompted or reminded of the context of conversation or situation. 2. Complete or en bloc, blackouts. When a person has a complete alcohol blackout, he is still physically and mentally able to perform actions although he may seem not like his usual self. In this type of blackout, an individual is still conscious but will be unable to retain any memory of what happened during his blackout, what so ever. Prompting or reminders will not lead to recall the events. It appears that the ability to transfer and imprint memory from the present and short term to long term storage is blocked. In most cases, blackouts are a result of binge drinking, that is, consuming an excessive quantity of liquor in a brief period of time. This has been confirmed by a research conducted for the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism which reports how large and especially rapid consumption of alcohol can produce partial or complete blackouts. Age is a determining factor in how much alcohol you can safely consume. A woman   s tendency to black out more easily probably results from differences in how men and women metabolize alcohol. Females also may be more susceptible than males to milder forms of alcohol induced memory impairments, even when men and women consume comparable amounts of alcohol.
Umm..there are thousands of legal drugs, the most common being nicotine and caffeine4
none
Again, lets blame the inanimate object as opposed to the "thinking" human.... Alcohol is not inherantly bad. How you use or abuse it may be. A gun isnt inherently bad, how you use or abuse it may be.1
Who told you that? The drunk next to you who lost his dog his girl and his pick up truck?0
because of all the alcohol they drink?0
So many people ho don`t have diabetes can drink alcohol,but not diabetics.So when they get insulin,insulin is gonna make reaction of the alcohol and probably make shok,so don`t get alcohol if you are diabetic,nothing gonna happen to your pancreas,but its dangerous to juice insulin and alcohol..it can make the shok and then probably next death.10 years diabetic.0
none
Its unlikely to be fatal if you took one ambien and one "shot" of vodka, but a "cup" may have been many shots??? The combination can be dangerous/deadly.If you have taken other drugs, too, there could be other interactions. If you are addicted to drugs, is there someone you can talk to who can assist you in getting help in the bigger picture? At the very least, check out some AA or  meetings (they will be very easy to find if you do a quick google search--you dont have to say anything, just show up and listen to the stories of others...there are more people who feel like you and who have been through whatever you are going through than you would ever imagine. They dont judge, they wont tell you to quit, they will just be there for you whenever you are ready, no matter how long that takes... not every meeting is for every individual, so please check out a few different ones before you decide if its for you or not)--good luck1
I may have answered another very similar question about this a few days ago. Anyway--I come from a long relationship with a recovering alcoholic and went through heartache, etc, etc. The thing is, unless and UNTIL your BF stops his addictions, you will be on this crazy emotional rollercoaster. Unfortunately many women (in particular) who get involved with a dependent (someone addicted to booze, or drugs, work, sex, gambling, or whatever)--are co-dependents and have an addiction to taking care of an addict. My dad was an alcoholic, so I am the daughter of an alcoholic, hence a co-dependent. I suggest you get involved with Al-Anon , which is free--it is a support group for anyone who is in love with an addict (whatever the drug is, including booze). Your biggest fear? If you truly love him, you want him to be healthy, sober, and happy, whether with you or not. Some drunks have relationships for years and then get sober and find someone else. OR they stay drunk and find somebody else. YOU need to take care of you! You do not deserve to be mistreated by a drunk. Look up "Al-Anon. There are meetings in every city around the country--many are associated with churches. You dont have to talk--just go and listen. EVERY other person there is going theough the same thing that you are. I lived with my sober BF for 7 years--got engaged and married for the next 4 years. Well he started with mj--and then when it went to crack all hell broke loose--I threw him out and divorced him. He was not serious about recovery. he had no sponsor, attended no meetings and was not in treatment nor therapy. So he left himself wide open to relapse and get hooked on something 100 times worse. I had to save myself, and out little one--so he got the boot. he was my best friend--and we had 11+ yrs of life together. BUT I HAD to take care of myself. And so do you. It took him 4 years and he is clean and sober now--for over 2 years, and has a GF. But that is okay. I wish them well.personal life history 24 years inpatient psychiatric hospital healthcare by profession1
none
Cancer happens to everyone. I have talked to a pathologist and he said every person over 40 years old he did a autopsy on had cancerous growths.0
Jesus and his Jesus lovers are so keen to ban drugs like pot, but suggest that alcohol be banned and they will defend it like they defend their god. If Jesus had turned wheat into mary-jane those religious ignoramuses would be smoking a joint whilst munching on their jesus crackers.1
none
Marijuana is better in every way I can think of. Its not addictive. It doesnt cause a hangover the next day. It doesnt destroy your liver. You cant just smoke more and more until you pass out and cant remember what happened the night before. Alcohol kills thousands of people every year but marijuana has never been proven responsible for a single death. We all know someone who ruined his life through drinking, as many as 1 in 9 people cant drink either because it makes them deathly ill or they are addicted to it. But with as many as 1/3 of Americans having used pot at one point or another, more than just a few experiments, where are the millions of people who have ruined their lives with pot? (Yes, there are lazy people who smoke pot all day and withdraw from the world, but thats not the drugs fault, its a symptom of the problem, not the cause of the problem.)6
Consumption of alcohol just for lose weight / slim down, I think its not the right idea. Instead, you reduce fat consumption. Able to eat like a vegetarian and doing exercise regularly.....0
I dont blame him. If you cant even ask a question successfully you must be pretty annoying.0
I would contact AA or a rehab centre and ask them for that info! Best of luck!0
To conform, to rebel against their parents, to get away from their current personal problems, have fun1
Any fanatics need to get real. I agree what they said to you is ridiculous as long as you arent doing it everyday. They say it is beneficial to your health to consume the equivalent of one drink per day. At one time they said it was just beer or wine but they are finding now that its any drink. It does damage to the liver if its consumed too fast (more than roughly 1 drink per hour depending on your size) or if its done in binge form (I believe its more than 3 drinks in a row). (in other words dont save the drinks up per day and have seven in a row on a Friday night.) That said, its overall consumption that really matters in the end. One night of barfing drunk a few times is NOT going to kill anyone or do damage (as long as its not so much you get alcohol poisoning). I also agree on the pills thing. Im in Canada and we get way less drugs here than u guys allowed. I dont think America is weird about alcohol - what it is is that we<SEMCOL>re coming into an era of fanatical thinking - here and around the world. people with extreme views are running it all now. For example I heard one person say theyd never give their child a pop - EVER - and that its "Disgusting" to see parents who give kids pop, even if its just at special events. Like, OMG please....anything in moderation people, wake up! There is a balance to anything and right now the IN thing is, apparently, to not recognize this fact.1
Yeah its bad for ur livers!!! You could end up really bad!!!2
none
The primary effect for me is that is drains my wallet.0
Maybe this might help? http://www.ptsdinfo.net/anxiety_manageme   http://www.ptsdinfo.net/anxiety_manageme   0
You have one of the criteria for alcoholism-drinking alone to get drunk. Big red flag there. Have you been in trouble with the law because of your drinking? OWI or minor consumption? another factor. One positive I see is you are concerned about your health-makes a big difference in cutting back or abstaining from alcohol. That is good when you decide to quit drinking. It is tough especially at your age-i admire that.Sober 9 years.1
none
Because the majority of people want them to be legal. Its called democracy.1
none
No, you arent an alcoholic, alcoholics are drunk all day and every day, they normally sleep on the streets, break up with there families. For there drink. Alcoholics are also drunk from the morning until they fall to sleep again. I wouldnt class you as one. Hope this helps.0
I cant blame Muslims for following this rule, they save brain cells and money by not drinking, so good for those who follow this rule.5
Thry tried it in the 1920s. Everyone still drank because of speakeasies and such. All it did was create gang violence for control over certain areas. It was much like todays gangs the fight for control of drug trafficing.0
the world has changed I am 16 my mother drinks and keeps alcohol in the house and my father is a marijuana addict and there is a farm of it in our basement if I really wanted to I could but I have something that most teens my age dont have and it is a brain and the ability to determine what is right and what is wrong also and this is the big one most people today dont have and its common sense1
You sir, are forever alone.1
none
well if I were ur bf, u wouldve felt uncomfortable bcuz what if u became an alcoholic? hes just looking out for u0
It "Kills the germs that cause bad breath"...Listerine2
Yes0
zero positives look at islam and even our own prohibition freedom of choice should be the rule0
none
Listen to your non drinking friends. Youre not missing out. I didnt drink in college a lot who did my freshman year didnt make it to senior year. Sounds like you have good friends0
none
In Bungay? I take it the one in Suffolk UK? Well There would be Wine Cider sack a bit like a sherry Beer naturally Dark ale a bit like a cross between Stout and a porter like beer! Mead! Grain spirit a very nondescript spirit like the basic spirit that goes on to make ether whisky or gin or any one of hundreds of grain based spirits. Marmsey!0
Honestly, theres nothing you can do. Unless theyre really willing to change. So I say whenever they get to drinking, take your little brother and just go into your room. Put on some music or take him to your grandparents and get his mind off whats going on. With games or coloring or whatever he likes doing. Just avoid them when theyre drinking. I mean, unless you really want to move in with your grandparents, then you could do that. Its just a scary situation.My mom was an alcoholic.3
Idiocy.2
At the end of the day its just a word. In many ways its a generalisation because most people drink anyway. I heard this description once though.. "An alcoholic is someone you dont like who drinks more than you do."1
where to start!!! Addiction, finanicial hardship, criminality, loss of friends, depression, mood swings, risk-taking behaviours, alienation, loss of employment, home, children taken into care, sexual health problems, relationship breakdown, risk of infection through blood-borne diseases (injecting, hepatitis, site infections), overdose, death. Look at the Frank web site for more bad news.former drugs work.0
they did...prohibition....didnt go so well....3
There is no best strong alcohol unless you are looking to damage your liver.3
Theres nothing wrong with drinking alcohol. Jesus himself drank wine. However, it is important to set limitations. Some people become addicted and find it very difficult to stop consuming alcohol. This inevitably leads to a number of issues. Overall, consuming alcohol is not wrong but can be potentially dangerous if you turn into an addict!4
none
It will go into the government pot. They already collect a gross amount through duty and VAT - so a bit more holds no qualms for them.1
In the long run no. People will always find the money to drink alcohol at the same rate as they do now. Unfortunately they will probably end up in debt because the will neglect their bills for the sake of alcohol.1
your parents can drink legally you cant. if you get caught, not only will you have the hangover. but also fines and court cost. get an MIC and thats just not fun. it took 6 months for me to get it paid off doing community service marijuana is the best thing for you. if you decide to do drugs or alcohol, just choose cannabis. its healthy, and a much better feeling. drinking if drank to much, can make you violent, blackout, vomit.0
Why is that sad?0
If a person does not have hepatitis and if they stop taking drugs and drinking alcohol, and if they watch their diet, they can live indefinitely at 10%. If a person doesnt stop this stuff, they will not survive long. How long cant be predicted but its more likely to be measured in months than years.1
Give up the 12 ounce curls they are not going to help you. Your BP may need medication to help lower it. Stay Healthy My Friend.0
none
drinking in moderation is fine, weed and ALL illegal drugs are detrimental to health0
It does it with small amount of alcohol. They say that having a glass of wine everyday is good for your liver and that is it. When you over do it, You liver cannot keep up with your drinking and repair.0
I think you asked the wrong question. You should be asking how long the THC is going to take to get out of your system. It can be anywhere between 1-30 days depending on how much and how often you smoke. (it also depends on what kind of test you are taking) Getting really drunk isnt going to help you pass a drug test.rehab0
alcohol lowers inhibitions it also messes with your judgment and can cause depression / feelings of anger in heavy drinkers.0
none
none
none
YES! DRUGS ARE really bad you should never do them! alcohol is the same...0
People are the worst - thats your answer. Alcohol is fine - when the consumer limits themselves. Drugs are fine - again, when theyre limited and the consumption rate is controlled by the consumer. People are the problem. People who overdo it and dont know they their limits. People become alcoholics and people become drug addicts because they have no self-control and well, theyre just idiots.Personal experience.0
sounds a lot like the song we found love by rihanna. umm hes your boy friend still? have some self respect & dump his a s s! you can do better and you will find better :)1
none
Hi, my name is Daryl and Im an alcoholic. (As the other members in the meeting shout Hi Daryl) My father was an alcoholic, as was his. My two sisters and my one brother are alcoholics. My wifes parents were both alcoholics. Yet we raised 3 children that only drink sociably. The odds were seemingly against them, but they barely drink. The mere fact that you asked the question says a lot about your self control and concern. If you were preordained to be an alcoholic I doubt that you would have asked anyone. It would have been, so what? Cheers. But that being said, if you find yourself slipping, there is help available, and it is very close to the beginning of a telephone book. AA40 years of excessive drinking1
Are you 10 years old? If not, are you an idiot?2
none
You must have a high metabolism to be able to drink that much and still appear sober. Also when you say you weigh 300 pounds, does that mean youre overweight or just a big boy? I wouldnt say youre alcoholic, you are quite lucky that you have a high tolerance for alcohol. Im jealous, wish I did.0
living life as its supposed to be lived,on lifes terms1
Dont enable them with money, cut ties give them tough love, insist they go to a known rehab that works. Make sure you are setting a good example by not doing the same.0
Yes, apparently you do. If you need evidence of it, try not drinking at all for 30 days and see if you can do it.0
Your gp is correct, it take one hour for one standard drink to be out of the blood system. So if your mum had 10 glasses of wine or watever then stopped drinking it will take 10 hours from the time she stopped drinking for the blood alcohol ratio to be evened out. Hence why some people get caught drink driving the next morning after a party. You do the math. Your mum could have been drinking 24 hours before her op if she knew how to time it. I feel for you deeply dude, my father is dying slowly from alcoholism. It is a diseaseeExperience0
personally i think it should not! but i should because ... it is a poison it can kill or injure people drinking can lead to unprotected sex you can become a alcoholic drinking means you would behave out of the ordinary with bad consequences0
You answered your own question. Quit the cigarettes, alchohol, and drugs and go to the doctor1
Alcohol Long Term Effects: Effects on the liver Heavy drinking can bring about a condition known as alcoholic hepatitis, which causes the liver to become inflamed. Appetite can be compromised, and someone with this disease will have pain in the abdominal area as the alcohols effects destroy healthy liver cells. Vomiting and nausea are common symptoms as is jaundice, a yellowing of the skin and eyes that is precipitated by the livers inability to work correctly. This hepatitis can eventually cause cirrhosis of the liver, a disease in which the organ becomes scarred beyond repair and eventually ceases to function. Liver failure results in death over time. Effects on the brain Brain function is extremely impaired by long-term alcohol consumption. Continuous use of alcohol will have negative effects on the parts of the brain that are responsible for controlling behavior. Memory, coordination and the ability to concentrate will deteriorate as alcohol first depresses and then gradually kills brain cells. Mood swings that can bring about outbursts of emotion are frequently seen. Senses such as taste, sight, hearing and even smell will all be impaired eventually. Reaction time will also suffer and there will be a noticeable loss of pain perception. Because alcohol can contribute significantly to the inflammation of the stomach lining--a condition known as gastritis--it can be a direct cause of gastrointestinal troubles. The intestinal tract and colon are also vulnerable to alcohols effects on their linings, with the result being a difficulty to absorb and break down much needed nutrients. The pancreas is susceptible to alcohol damage, with inflammation of this vital organ possible. Hormone production in the pancreas can be impaired, and disease of the pancreas, such as pancreatitis, can develop. Effects on the heart Heavy drinking is bad for a persons heart, as high blood pressure can result. The heart muscle becomes thickened over time from the effects of alcohol and puts the organs blood-pumping ability at risk. Alcohol increases the chances of heart failure and stroke, brings about conditions such as irregular heart rhythms and abnormal heart beats, and contributes to such things as a lowered white blood cell count. This makes a persons chances of fighting off infection much less than if alcohol were not present in the system. Anemia and abnormal clotting of the blood can also be traced to the long-term effects of alcohol in some people. Other long-term effects The lungs are not immune to the long-term effects of alcohol. A lowered resistance to lung infections can occur in heavy drinkers, who are also at risk of vomiting and aspirating on it because their gag reflex will be severely compromised. This can result in pneumonia and even death from choking. A number of types of cancers have been associated with the long-term effects of alcohol, including cancers of the mouth, lip, throat, esophagus, liver, colon and rectum. Alcohol short-circuits a persons ability to be able to absorb enough calcium, with thinner and weaker bones a result. This can lead to muscle pain and weakness, along with arthritis and joint deformity. In men, alcohol interferes with sperm and testosterone production, which can cause impotence. In women, the menstrual cycles can be affected, as the liver has a hard time metabolizing estrogen because of alcohols effects. Read more: Long-Term Physical Effects of Alcohol | eHow.com http://www.ehow.com/about_4796791_longte   0
Very hard for you. There are organisations for families of alcoholics, and I would suggest you find out about one in your area or on line. I do hope that you are living with your boyfriend because you want to, not just to escape your abusive mother. She must be very unhappy and low in self respect and self esteem. This isnt your fault, fo course, and she isnt your responsibility. Recording the messages she leaves you isnt illegal, I dont suppose, and maybe you could play some back to her. It may be worth a try. Naturally you wont want her to have anything to do with any children you eventually have. This could have a sobering effect - or a reason for her to want to change. Good Luck!0
none
That would depend on the policies of his employer.1
These people are waisting their time and talents in life and it is very sad. Hopefully they get help but to answer your question as to why they do it it is because they are trying to escape the reality of this world because they must be very fed up with it!0
Why do potheads not care about anything except marijuana? Its almost like they have brain damage, but how could that be?2
Alcohol helps in remembering the good things and in forgetting the bad things that occurred in the life. They enjoy the way it makes them feel. People drink alcohol in order to shelter from the problem and found solace!0
More than half of the population drinks, much less than half smokes. The majority wins.2
Alcohol will completely remove any anxiety. Be careful though, it could get addictive.0
Heres what you do...drop everything you have against whatever...get your friend to bring the bud and a music player... u bring the drinks and a bag of chips....smoke a phat joint or bowl whatever you want together....make sure to finsh that ****...then drink a few beers and youll feel amazed zoning out to music snacking on chips with the munchies and beer to wash it all down....awesome....Personal experience....1
It is - its just a legal drug.3
Alcoholism is a cunning, baffling, and powerful disease. Alcoholics will not admit they have a problem until they have reached their own bottom and want to get help for themselves. You did not cause, cannot control, and cannot cure your dads drinking. You are powerless over him and his alcoholism. Best thing to do is to get help for yourself, if you get help, he might see that you are getting help and finally realize that he has a problem. I would look into Alateen for yourself and Al-Anon for your mom. They are both support groups for families and friends of alcoholics. Please check out the sites below or message me if you have any questions. My dad is an alcoholic too, and doesnt admit to it...I am in Al-Anon and love being in recovery. Hope this helps.http://www.al-anon.alateen.org http://www.adultchildren.org https://www.facebook.com/pages/Help-for-    http://www.aa.org0
That urge will never go away. You just have to learn to work with it. You need to get into an AOD program. Try looking up an lcsw or caadc in your area.Background in mental health1
none
prohibition would work today? drugs are prohibited and thats going real well4
Ask him. He will either lie or tell the truth. If you really know him you will be able to tell which is the truth and which is not.0
Alcoholism is an addiction to alcohol. Not all heavy drinkers are alcoholics. Try not to drink any alcohol for a week. If you cant do it, youre an alcoholic.2
I agree with most of that, except for the part where you state marijuana contains more carcinogens. It doesnt. Most of the carcinogens in tobacco do not come from the plant, but from the other things they add afterwards, like tar. Marijuana is almost carcinogen free because it contains no additives and when vaporized (the preferred method for medical patients like myself), contains NONE and is not even smoke. But in general, I agree that decriminalization of marijuana and criminalization (or at least VERY heavy taxation) or tobacco would be very beneficial.0
Depends what those effects are.0
no just stop he is fine leave him the **** alone0
If youve only been at it a year or so you probably havent permanently damaged anything. I drank very heavily for 4 years and it didnt cause me any lasting damage. The liver does regenerate, and youre pretty young for alcohol to cause heart problems. Its good that you want to stop, I would definitely try to find an AA group, the support from others is going to help you more than anything else.0
To help get you out of the habit of drinking.2
Yes some people are sensitive. My mother and I both pass out when a rubbing alcohol wipe is used on us. No idea why but it happens everytime.0
Im so sorry that you have to go through this awful situation. My heart goes out to you. First, you need to understand what an alcoholic feels. The urge to drink is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming and unrelenting urge. Unfortunately, an alcoholic will only engage in treatment when he feels that things are so bad for him that they can not possibly get worse. This is called hitting bottom. Your father has to hit bottom and HE has to choose treatment. Nothing you do will expedite that decision. Trying to talk your dad out of drinking will have the same level of success as trying to talk a cancer patient out of his cancer. Alcoholism is as much of a disease as cancer. At this point, you need to take care of yourself. Join AL-ANON or Ala-teen. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. Best of luck, Source(s): You can also call 1-888-4AL-ANON (1-888-425-2666) Monday through Friday, 8 am     6 pm ET if you live in the U. S. www.al-anon.alateen.org/meetings/meeti   1
Friend did it and wanted to commit suicide so dont do it>.>0
Everybody is diffrent dont try itt!!!0
I ask myself the same question, but I think that they smoke or drink to be like there mates because they think its cool. Or their first try gets them addicted and they cant stop. Because apparently its addictive.1
SERIOUSLY! WHAT IS WITH ALL THE XAX QS?1
none
none
Alcohol damages the heart muscle. Grow up and face the reality of the situation.0
Ermmm, I think you should go in case you do any damage to your liver or kidneys. The hospital can stop any damage being done, I know you do not want to but its for your health.0
Drinking and ADHD medicines do not mix well. It will affect your treatment for ADHD.0
none
none
none
at 17 many things taste bad. I didnt like coffee until I was in the late 20s. Now in my 30s I can enjoy it black. Also, the alcohol you drink means a lot. Wine is notorious for headaches and other not so great feelings. You ever wonder why you dont see people partying it up with bottles of wine? Because you dont with wine.0
I think its more complicated then that. In my own case I hated alcohol and the way it way me feel. Then I moved to South Korea where the drinking culture is really quite extreme. Over a couple of years I developed a certain hardness to alcohol, and the party nights became more frequent. Before I even knew it. drinking at night with a friend became common. Next thing I know I was drinking daily (how did that happen?). Most of the time I was joining into the drinking culture of going out and getting sloshed. Time went by and I found myself drinking alone. Not because I loved alcohol but because I was incredibly lonely and bored. I would go home ever night by myself and park in front of the computer hoping the hours would pass quickly. For several years I was like this, just hoping to god the night would pass quickly. Now I am in England finding it hard to give up this nightly ritual. Do I have a disease? No. I am not required to drink until I puke. Do I have a problem? Yes, because I have had had this nightly ritual for years that I cant imagine trying to sleep without it/ In fact I fear the idea of sleeping without it.0
What is the difference of alcohol abuse than alcoholism. Is alcoholism where you feel sick when you not drinking and alcohol abuse is you drink 3 to 4 times a week.But you do not feel sick the other 3 or 4 days in week you not drinking.0
If you drink and you black out, I hate to inform you of this, but you have a drinking problem. As in - you will NEVER be able to drink like non-alcoholics.0
lol as what peregrin siad i am a Canadian and ONE of those 6 million Canadians that abuse alcohol! i would say go on the internet might help the best!0
Alcoholic. Smoking cannabis isnt as bad as having erosion of the liver...5
The only answers i want to hear are from medical professionals or people who actually know the answer. If a person drinks a bottle of wine every night how long will it be before their liver fails or they die from something else. If the person is about 50 years old0
YES, medically anyone who drinks EVERY DAY is an alcoholic. And, any time you drink "just because", "to calm down", or "I can stop any time"... youre an alcoholic. Anytime you make an excuse to drink basically!!ER RN2
Alcoholics go on killing sprees and murder their families? Youve clearly been smoking too much meth. How could you not come up with one genuine effect of alcohol addiction? Ever heard of liver failure?3
none
I really dont know. I think this link can help you. Thank you.http://mobilespyinfo.com0
he seems way to young to be drinking that much on weekends. just a couple of more and he gets close to my dad. which is an alchololic. from a son whose withness his alcholholic dad ill tell you in honesty. yes its somewat close to an alchololic. if you seen him drunk then it comfirms it0
Her back got hurt so she got on booze and pain pills0
She hurt her back and got on pain pills and booze.K21
none
Yes, it can and it can turn someone into an Antisocial(psychopath) person0
I knew a girl made of bones, piss and vitriol. Her name was Stella and they named a beer after her for the same reason.1
Ive been drinking on and off for many years...Ive never had the DTs but I think Ive been close. I just went on the wagon a couple of months ago, but it was for financial reasons. When I drink I like to start early in the day, even early morning and stay drunk all day and into the night...Then when I wake up the next day I am sick as hell so I start drinking all over again, this will go on for at least three days and that translates into roughly 75-100 bucks. I was doing this once a week. And Im thinking of trying to have just a few drinks this weekend to see if I can do it without going nutso on the ****.0
been there done that, speed makes you not realize that your drunk when you are, as soon as the speed wears off he will feel the alcohol, I used to drink a lot and other stuff 2 that is VERY dangerous because its mixing an upper and downer, it can make your heart explode... Ive never heard of 40s of whiskey so not sure on that one but he better drink water asap and if he passes out keep checking to make sure hes breathing, I personally would get him to an er quickly, if u have alcohol poisioning you wont throw up either, Ive had it NOT FUN0
go to a doctor now0
I was raised by 2 alcoholic parents. I felt the way you do many times. I felt angry at them for staying together. I acted out a lot and got myself into trouble - lucky I didnt end up in jail. Today I am a 56 yr old woman. I look back on it and am sad that my parents had such a lousy life with alcohol. I feel like my experience with my parents made me more prone to want to help people. It makes me able to accept many people in many situations without judgment. It has left me with difficulty expressing anger appropriately to this day. But anyone that loves me puts up with it... its not very often anymore. I have been in counseling many times to deal with the scars of this childhood.. but the therapy has given me insight and empathy. Be careful of your own alcohol use. I believe it is a disease that can be inherited. Ive had trouble with alcohol and do not drink at all now. Youve only got a few years before you are on your own. If you cant make it.. call an aunt or uncle or cousin or someone you can go live with. Today, after a lifetime of sharing with others, I realize that almost everyone has difficulties with their childhood.. some worse than others. Your father is not a happy or healthy man. I understand you hating him, but he is suffering. I know from my own drinking days. BEST TO YOU>1
yes weed is proven to be better then tobacco and alcohol weed not only relives anxiety and depression but it also opens your mind and makes you look at the world differently so yeah weed is better then tobacco and alcohol2
Maybe, its called something different because it has more of an impact in everyday life. Also, alcohol is legal...0
She sounds like a bit of both lol.0
they need attention and are mentally retarded hoesme4
none
none
Certainly not. Jesus Himself drank wine, as did everyone of that time and place. His first public miracle was providing wine for a party. The Bible does speak against drunkenness, but not drinking, just as it speaks against gluttony but not eating.2
none
music (would help u have more determanation and start playing sports2
He/She will offer you help. Your choice whether to take said help or not. On the plus side you recognize you have a problem. Always the first step taken toward recovery. Personally I recommend you take any help offered. I have seen the final stages of an alcoholics life and it isnt pretty.Life5
not a good idea. i used to mix flunitrazepam with alcohol and you can get pretty addicted to its calming effects. you can also o.d and die. not goof for your organs either... yes they can permanently mess you up.0
none
Its a real addiction. Google it.1
Start drinking alcohol you will forget about cola.3
Maybe she has a concussion or slight brain swelling/damage that could be causing the unusual behavior.1
Especially when it leads to this: http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>   1
none
Yup, its the liver. Google "cirrhosis."0
The neuralgia is sequel to your alcoholism. Please see your doctor. Your doctor can help you with this.0
none
He stomach will begin to bleed! Acetaminophen cant be taken with alcohol because it is a blood thinner and can cause bleeding..not to mention how much he took and the damage it is doing to his liver/stomach if he survives.0
Marijuana is worse because of all the hallucinogenic toxins in it.. Gork1
COLD TURKEY. If you want to stop drinking booze then stopping buying it and stop being around people who drink. Muslims do not have these types of problems because we do not drink alcohol at all. The problem is cured before it even begun. Go cold turkey.4
Everyone who drinks isnt turned into a hopeless alcoholic. Tonight I had a beer with dinner. First drink Ive had in over a month.6
The guy above me obviously drank too much.....2
I think its stupid alcohol is just as bad as drugs so why can we have alcohol apart from drugs but the all have different affects and chemicles in them that may harm you but so can alcohol to a certain extent0
none
Simple. No caffeine or alcohol because hes a mormon cultist. He lies because hes a politician.2
I think it would be just as common to be a sex addict without the use of alcohol or drugs,because sex could be used in the same manner as those things.0
none
After the science lesson, obviously alcohol. That was great research and info!1
Because not all people are idiots and drink to excess.3
none
none
Dont drink it?2
Yes but not because of their parents. Its not always the parents faultLife2
Im tracking your location and reporting you to the cops as i type this0
Alcohol. Smoking is shunned by so many people these days, its nearly impossible to find a place to smoke without it being illegal or imposing second hand smoke on someone. Alcohol is much more accepted and accessible. For example, you can drink all you want on an airplane as long as you keep buying it. But, you cant smoke on an airplane and have to do without until you land. And, even then you might have a problem finding a place in the airport to smoke.1
It depends on the person, but you have to drink a fair amount over a sustained period of time.0
none
You might be, it really depends on the person though. Figure out of alcoholicism runs in your family, and take it from there. Please answer mine and Ill love you forever and ever and ever http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>   0
Did James take the night off and youre filling in on the anal Questions? Give the ol man some prunes. Them sharp corners are STILL gonna hurt...Pax.5
Yes.... dont do that unless you want to kill yourself... 15 bars is ALOT to take at once without alcohol, with alcohol thats just ridiculous. I wouldnt take 15 bars at once at all unless you have an extremely high tolerance... I know because in the past used to take alot of xanax and ive never taken more then 10 with in a day and i had a pretty decent tolerance. i know people who have died from taking 5 with no alcohol.1
none
Just get one of your friends or their older siblings to buy it0
I think at school you cant talk about drugs..0
You should let her know that its not healthy, ask her to stop. If she doesnt find a responsible adult and let him/her know what is going on1
none
Yes0
To me, an alcoholic is someone who uses alcohol to cope with their problems on a regular basis. Plenty of people drink a lot (especially when they are young), but it isnt until they are using it to avoid dealing with their problems that it becomes alcoholism.0
none
It all depends on how long youve been drinking and how much you drink1
none
none
Everyone would just walk around, laugh a lot, Be really hungry and then go home to bed.Experience4
It can be a blast actually. But the answer you want is, it can potentate the effects of both drugs.0
masturbate till you poop0
For example, if the father drinks, he could be crazy and not take care of the kids or abuse the rest of the family and the kids might have a rough childhood and run away or something. Or if the adult drinks then the kids might drink too at an early age. Also, if youre drunk and drive, you could die and the family might be heartbroken. Thats all I can think of.0
Yes..! thats addiction in real sence250
One symptom is not knowing when to use YOUR, YORE, or YOURE in a sentence.1
none
I miss Prim :(1
of course you can be addicted to alcohol. thats what alcoholics are.3
Weed is actually pretty safe. Definitely better than alcohol.0
Assuming your refering to marijuana as your substance, I agree with you. Alcohol does much more damage to our society and families than marijuana. I never drink, but I light up from time to time. So yes I agree with you. It should be legal and alcohol is bad.0
He had the will and the intelligence to stop both by the age of forty.3
It pickles your kidneys Dehydrates your body and brain (why you feel drunk) Affects mental health severely Slows down performance of organs Kills you if taken too much0
We live in a day and age where drugs and alcohol becomes readily available to anyone. To some, this might be a very beneficial thing. But the problem is, it becomes an addiction to quite a few people. Its bad that you drink every day and one every occasion, but the good thing is at-least you started thinking that your being addictive or worried about your health. I would suggest you to seek some help from some rehab centers.http://www.rehabilitationtreatmentcenter   0
You might think your letting them down, but they are your family, they will understand and they will help you. Sooner or later, your going to have to face it. Im 17, and I have the same problem. The more you push the problem aside, the worse it will get. You must face it now before it gets too bad0
It would be good if it was true but i doubt ive ever met a Jewish teetotaler and their religion most emphatically does not forbid it. Its one of the few differences between Judaism and Islam.6
none
its a waste of time, people will still get the drink no matter the cost, they will use the family allowance as they have always done,so the kids really pay for it and do without, all alchol should be doubled in price before you start seeing a drop in drink related health problems.but then crime burglaries/muggings etc would also increase,majority of senior citizens have been through the mad periods of youth and now realize the problems associated with alcohol and will not fall into the drink trap of their youths days,and will only drink in moderation .the older you get the wiser you get.!!2
none
Thats just the way people are, they listen to whatever theyre told, and society says its better to drink alcohol than smoke weed. Any educated individual can tell you marijuana is 100% harmless while drinking kills countless amounts of people, but we arent all that smart I guess. It isnt a logic its just people mindlessly following what theyre told. Knowledge on this topic has been on the rise in the past decade though, believe it or not, more and more people are starting to learn and accept this.1
"Teens these days" Thanks, dick.1
none
If you know its abuse then whats the question for or is it your way of bragging?1
none
I suppose...at least not openly ant-homosexual. Just like you wouldnt be openly anti-alcohol unless you wanted to infringe on the rights of others.0
they do drugs because they feel life is depressing and too heavy to bear.. so they will have to use drugs or get aroused by alcohol to feel better.. to release stress and all the heavy thoughts about the world.. for once nothing is heavy on your shoulders anymore.. its just you and the feeling of being free.. those who use drugs or is alcoholics just feel life too depressing, but drugs usually makes you want it regularly to feel good. And they make you obsessed and it destroys your life.1
Alcohol addiction is pure hell. It can not be compared to any other addition as to its difficulty getting off. Once you have been to hell and back you never want to go again. They like the meetings because they know, the alternative is hell. What ever floats their boats is pale in comparison to what else is out there.2
none
Neptune takes about 14 years on average to transit a sign, which represents a generation of people. So Neptune in Scorpio(1956 - 1970)... the era of sex and drugs revolution. Neptune in Conjunction Square or opposition aspect to the Sun, Moon and minor planets could indicate a likelihood of drug or alcohol problems.2
A little anecdote thrown in might help you. You can be the teacher and demonstrate. (Teacher) preaching on the effects of alcohol. Holds up two glasses, one with water the other with alcohol. Drops a worm into each - the worm in alcohol dies, the one in water lives. "Now, what does that prove to you?" Voice from the back of the class .... "If you drink alcohol, youll never get worms!"Educator0
The simple answer is, "Yes." Both nicotine and alcohol are legal drugs. They are socially acceptable and there is no (or at least less) stigma attached to their use. So, yes, they choose those drugs/stimulants rather than any others.2
Look, most who hit rock bottom believe themselves atheists. But all going through AA find a way to deal with the idea of a God - whether its a universal spirit type of thing, a goddess God, Native American nature spirit, God, or the man with the long white beard sitting on a throne, whatever. He needs to get an AA mentor, talk to someone about it and decide how to handle it HIMSELF!!!!! And, sorry, dear, but I would keep him as a friend, but not as a bf. The road of recovery is a long, long, long one.2
what age are you what size how much of each substance - antid, antip and booze and when0
none
Addiction or dependence is a real psychological illness.2
none
Stop drinking all together, sat a short goal say one month and extend it when you make that goal. celebrate by going out to dinner. Dont socialize with friends that drink, until you know for a fact you can go out without drinking. You have to cut it out of your life. fill it with an addiction that is less harmful (coffee) then work on that when it becomes a problem in the future,0
Idk0
Desperate Housewives, this current season (not really current- show finale was last week) Bree Van de Camp is a recovering alcoholic. She fell off the wagon and started going to a bar and bringing home all *kinds* of men. Shed get so drunk and go so often that she forgot who she had sex with and would sometimes hit on someone she couldnt even remember sleeping with. While that whole storyline was pretty dramatic (and worth researching the right episode for your project) it gets better. She gets suicidal, checks in to a cheap hotel, has a bottle of wine (whiskey? cant remember) and her revolver. Shes drinking and puts the revolver to her head.Hope I helped :) This episode should be pretty easy to find.0
vodka isnt pure ethanol, if it was, you would get like alcohol poisening really quick, vodka does have a high % of alcohol and it is worse for you than beer. It cant be as bad as your Dr. says because then they wouldnt sell it0
none
Oh my goodness!! I thought I was the only one!! Since Ive been pregnant I love the strong smell of rubbing alcohol, vicks, and Noxzema!! I guess its our heightened sense of smell. My husband has hidden them from me to stop me from sniffing!0
Yeah it will still be in your system but chances are they wont test for alcohol being its a Tuesday night. When I was in the same situation they normall alcohol tested on Sunday Monday and tuesday0
Alcohol dull the senses0
I was looking for the other Matthew.1
First of all DONT buy the alcohol if you DONT trust yourself. You can go and see doctors or them to explain further information to you. You will have loads of support and help, you just need to want it first.1
This may seem like the wrong thing to do to you but you need to go and talk to his parents. Hopefully they are not aware and youre telling them will get them involved. Im afraid your direct involvement with him will probably be of no help. It will take his parents or a professional to help him. I doubt if he is only drinking one beer a day he is physically addicted. He probably just thinks (in his head) hes addicted. Or perhaps he likes the term. Good luck1
Its easier to replace one action with another than to actually break a habit altogether. Its like how ex smokers replace the cigarette with candy and/or other food.2
none
Hes an alcoholic0
Because they feel they have nothing else. Also, it might temporarily make them feel better.1
none
Problem drinker? No as you say you drink alone, likely to die if you dont stop yes!0
Not in any standard drug test. You can be tested for liver enzymes to determine liver health, but thats more for hospital usage if youre going on certain medications. edit - sorry, forgot about hair testing. Its more expensive and results are not as fast as a piss test, so not usually done unless its really important to know a longer or specific history.0
Just stop drinking? Make it simple and it will work :)1
My advice would be to set up an intervention with close family and confront her - tell her that her alcoholism is a problem and she needs to get it treated - or convince her to join an alcoholics anonymous group. Stop all "rescue missions." Family members often try to protect an alcoholic from the results of his or her behavior by making excuses to others about his or her drinking and by getting him or her out of alcohol-related jams. It is important to stop all such rescue attempts immediately, so that the alcoholic will fully experience the harmful effects of his or her drinking -- and thereby become more motivated to stop. Time your intervention. Plan to talk with the drinker shortly after an alcohol-related problem has occurred--for example, a serious family argument in which drinking played a part or an alcohol-related accident. Also choose a time when he or she is sober, when both of you are in a calm frame of mind, and when you can speak privately. Be specific. Tell the family member that you are concerned about his or her drinking and want to be supportive in getting help. Back up your concern with examples of the ways in which his or her drinking has caused problems for both of you, including the most recent incident. State the consequences. Tell the family member that until he or she gets help, you will carry out consequences--not to punish the drinker, but to protect yourself from the harmful effects of the drinking. These may range from refusing to go with the person to any alcohol-related social activities to moving out of the house. Do not make any threats you are not prepared to carry out. Be ready to help. Gather information in advance about local treatment options. If the person is willing to seek help, call immediately for an appointment with a treatment program counselor. Offer to go with the family member on the first visit to a treatment program and/or AA meeting. Call on a friend. If the family member still refuses to get help, ask a friend to talk with him or her, using the steps described above. A friend who is a recovering alcoholic may be particularly persuasive, but any caring, nonjudgmental friend may be able to make a difference. The intervention of more than one person, more than one time, is often necessary to persuade an alcoholic person to seek help. Find strength in numbers. With the help of a professional therapist, some families join with other relatives and friends to confront an alcoholic as a group. While this approach may be effective, it should only be attempted under the guidance of a therapist who is experienced in this kind of group intervention. Get support. Whether or not the alcoholic family member seeks help, you may benefit from the encouragement and support of other people in your situation. Support groups offered in most communities include Al-Anon, which holds regular meetings for spouses and other significant adults in an alcoholics life, and Alateen, for children of alcoholics. These groups help family members understand that they are not responsible for an alcoholics drinking and that they need to take steps to take care of themselves, regardless of whether the alcoholic family member chooses to get help.1
im thinking theres not a lot who have Alcohol & Substance Abuse Problems that make it to nursing homes3
Make sure to take the Vicodin before you start drinking so the effects do not surprise you. You will be fine. Cheers <SEMCOL>)http://www.findrxonline.com0
I also know people who have to have portable oxygen tanks. The reason you dont see too many people who have been adversely affected by smoking is because you cant always tell someone has emphysema just by looking at them. Also, most of them cant exert themselves hardly at all, so they stay home or are in a hospital. I am a smoker and would like to quit. I dont recommend anyone start this habit.1
You really cant do much. An addiction to alcohol is something that is hard to stop. My uncle died from an alcohol addiction. He was young too, only in his 40s. He went in and out of rehab. He would get completely off alcohol just to start again. Because once an alcoholic gets that taste of alcohol they cant control themselves. And yeah my uncle was the nicest most thoughtful guy, but it happens to the best of them. You know no answer on this site is going to save your dads life... How could I save your dads life if I couldnt even save my own uncles? Thats the thing you really cant do much. You can put him in rehab and maybe hell have different results than my uncle and I hope so0
go to rehab they can help and ask god to help you he will by going to rehab and his help you will beat your addiction0
no, Blu, making a noteworthy contribution to society doesnt given an alcoholic a reprieve. Those who are well-known to society keep it secret when they go to rehab, there is someone locally who is very well-known for her contributions (married to a former long-term national politician) and makes frequent trips to a rehab out of state, so often her and her husband purchased a home in that state to be near the rehab, calling it a vacation home. Seems like vodka is her best friend these days.6
I dont think Catholics are addicted to Cats. >_>Follower of Jesus Christ1
With this kind of subject , research on the net is vital. List your recources at the bottom of the page. This paragraph is simply your thoughts.Research always comes before writing. https://www.google.ca/search?sourceid=na   0
none
none
get a lawyer. report her to the police, get child protective services involved. But do something besides complain on Yahoo.2
cold turkey1
Sometimes people have to learn the hard way, Let them go cold turkey, Because at the end if they dont see you suffer as a person they are completely selfish, Yes you love them and yes you want whats best for them, But sometimes they got to learn on their own and what ever troubles comes along their way it will be a big slap on their face and they hopefully will be woken up. Its what happened to me.0
Can I see the math on that? Weed is illegal because we live in a democracy, and most Americans want it to be illegal.You could read all the existing answers. This stupid question is posted 200 times a day, always by addled potheads like yourself.7
Let me explain what may be taking place. Alcohol can cause liver cell damage. It can do this in different ways: 1. overcoming alcohol in a short time period doesnt give the liver cell time to make enzymes to convert it completely. 2. consuming alcohol over long time period can cause fat to build up inside the liver. 3. some people are more sensitive or allergic to alcohol. 4. taking alcohol with meds can cause an interaction between them or difficult for the liver to handle both at the same time. When the liver cells become damaged, the immune system of the patients body will respond to this and cause inflammation to develop inside the liver...causing the liver to enlarge in size. If the cause is stopped and treatment is given (in some cases)..then the liver may heal and be reversed. If it continues on...the liver cells will die off and from scar tissue inside the liver. This scar tissue cannot be removed from the liver. As more cells die, more scar tissue forms until the blood flow to the liver keeps from flowing thru the liver. Known as Cirrhosis of the liver<SEMCOL> is progressive. The doctors can only try to slow down the process. Patients who have Cirrhosis lose muscle mass. Develop a condition known as Encephalopathy which causes mental confusion, disorientation, speech problems, sleep pattern changes, hand tremors, other mental problems. Why? Toxins are going into the brain which used to be processed by the liver into a non toxic form. Ammonia is the main one. Doctors can give med to try to remove this from the body: Lactulose is one. This condition can mimic someone being drunk when they are not. If she develops an enlarged belly (mistaken for a beer belly)...this is fluid build up in the abdomen. Known as Ascites. Why? Because the liver can not make the protein, Albumin, efficiently to hold the fluids inside our vessels. It leaks out and collects there. They can do a procedure known as paracentesis to remove this fluid so the patient can breathe and eat better. If you ever see blood in the sputum, vomit, or rectal area. EMERGENCY Take her to the hospital ER right away. Blood doesnt flow well through the liver. It backs up into the portal vein and smaller weak vessels that can easily break open and cause internal bleeding. This is known as Portal Hypertension with varies. Your Dad should of been told what her diagnosis definitely is. Whether or not this is Cirrhosis or in the early stages. I will post some links at the end so you can read more about this disease. To be a living donor, you need to be 18 years of age or older. Your mother will have to be detoxed from the alcohol, under doctors care, for a period of six months prior to being referred to the Transplant Center for placement on the liver transplant list. (this is what most require..but, exception may be made) She will go through an evaluation process of seeing many doctors and many tests. Even if she has a living donor, she still has to make this list for placement. They place people on the Transplant list according to how much time the doctors feel she might have left to live if she doesnt have a transplant. That means if she is still pretty healthy..it would be toward the bottom<SEMCOL> the sicker...the higher on the list she would go. At the top, they are most in need of a transplant sooner. A living donor also goes through a similar evalution process...not to make the list, but to be sure they are emotionally, physically, mentally capable and are a compatible blood type match and of similar size. Living donors have to be in the best of health with no serious medical problem. The surgeon will take up to 60% of the liver for your mother. The part in you and the part she receives will regenerate new cells and both will become a whole liver again. The risks are the same for both the donor and recipient<SEMCOL> including dying. Your mother should be seeing either a gastroenterologist or hepatologist now. A liver biopsy is the best test done to determine how far advanced she is in this disease. Here are some links to help: Cirrhosis http://www.medicinenet.com/cirrhosis/art    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cirrhosis http://emedicine.medscape.com/article/18    Transplantation: http://www.unos.org/donation/index.php?t    http://www.surgery.usc.edu/divisions/hep    http://www.transplantliving.org/ Living donation: USC Live Donor Liver Transplant: http://www.surgery.usc.edu/divisions/hep    http://transplantliving.org/livingdonati    http://surgery.med.nyu.edu/transplant/li    Advanced directive (free): http://www.caringinfo.org/stateaddownloa    Best wishes to you and your family.caregiver to a liver transplant patient1
Yes. Its common in drinkers, but sometimes not to a dangerous degree. Its like lung damage for smokers.0
none
Cigarettes are worse by far. Alcohol, red wine for example, in moderation is actually healthy for you.2
Alcoholism is an addictive disease. Some people can stop drinking, but many simply cannot. My ex-wife was a smoker and she knew it was killing her. But stopping was utterly impossible for her.1
none
how wonderful, the people sworn to uphold the laws of our country are so desperate to break them.0
Yes Your family doesnt need to have alcoholism for you to develop it1
Im very sorry to hear this :( but maybe he could go to a therapist or maybe just you and your family could talk to him and try to help him Sorry this is so short but I hope this helped. Best of luck! :)0
Drugs - Bad - They should stay illegal and not be used unless you have very bad body pain. Alcohol - Bad - Though it is fun to drink, it kills your liver, and it can be addictive. Tobacco - Bad - Gives You Cancer0
I was abused by my father too. I have never had the guts to beat him up in return, but I know that it wont relief my feelings to him. The only way to calm down is to forgive him. I know its hard, but I know my father is a good man, hes just sick. It is not my father when hes drunk. Sounds weird, but he even looks different with this swollen face and crazy eyes. It is good that you want to protect your mother, keep going with your workouts, but aggression can only produce aggression.1
You probably drink way too much. Cut down, or you may have health complications later.1
The argument of Prohibition makes perfect sense. Very rarely do I encounter marijuana, and I have never encountered any other illegal drug, but I encounter alcohol (and people under its influence) quite often. One reason that alcohol causes so much mayhem is that it is legal and thus easily available, therefore alcohol is more commonly used than other recreational drugs. Another reason is that many conflate whats legal with whats moral/wise<SEMCOL> some even speak as if alcohol is not categorized as a drug, just because its legal!1
none
none
none
Yes.3
To get rid of a headache or to keep one from happening you can free up your neck muscles which will do that instead. The neck muscles go to the top of your head where they connect to muscles going around your head. When the muscles are tight they can pull the head muscles into pain and thats your headache. Freeing up your neck muscles will keep them from tightening up to pull anything so the headache wont happen and heres how to free them up: Neck: Place your hands behind your head so your fingers meet in the middle of your neck. Press into the neck with a moderate pressure and hold. After 30 seconds slowly lower your head as far as you can, then remove the pressure from the muscles but continue holding your head down for another 30 seconds. For best results relax your body first by taking a deep breath and exhaling then remain this relaxed.1
Were you yelling a lot when you were drunk? :P http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg_Szgcvx   0
none
EVERYTHING can be a "poison" if you overindulge it...even drinking too much water at one time can kill you by "water poisoning". In moderation, alcohol is good for the body by lowering cholesterol and blood pressure along with many other good benefits.1
Ive had pancreatitis twice, which can also be caused by gall bladder stones, but not in my case. Pancreatitis in itself is not fatal, unless you choose not to go to the hospital and deal with the HORRIFIC pain yourself which does end in death. However, if said person continues to drink massively, pancreatitis will occur multiple times (as I said, I had it twice because i refused to stop drinking at first) and after multiple times it becomes chronic or may even lead to pancreatic cancer which is fatal most of the time. It is one of the hardest cancers to cure and one of the most painful.Personal experience0
the word drug has a negative connotation so its easier for them to sleep at night by dissociating it.0
Pot is only to get stoned with, tobacco doesnt do that, and most people dont drink to inebriation (I know this is hard for youngsters to understand). Pot is also an hallucinogen. But the primary reason is this is a democracy, and the people dont want pot legal for general usage.3
I would guess hepatitis.0
its his life if he wants to be like that let him. actually if you tell him this he might stop.0
once your an adult you can do as you like ....if its not illegal0
none
none
none
none
How can it be a crime? Who is the victim? Can I commit a crime against myself?4
none
yes, I wont be good if you end up in the hospital again I believe that you can stop and become sober, but if you cant sleep without if try taking a glass before bed if that doesnt work try seeing a doctor about the sleeping and relaxing problem.1
Cats! Thanks for making me smile.3
no. read the rsas. they are not hard to find.0
Deities = myth.3
none
Any alcohol you consume at all. even just a sip will damage your body. You need to get unhooked now before it gets worse, because it can kill you.0
none
It will give you crabs if you sleep with the bottle, happened to me too.0
itll taste like sh*t and youll think you will never drink it again, but if you do, you will become more and more addicted until ur an alcoholic.. if you do decide to start drinking, just do it on occasions and learn to control your urges to drink.0
This is Yahoo answers. Not Novel writing! haha try to break it down0
Liv, alcoholism is a disease that will be an uphill battle for your husband the rest of his life. My concern is the abuse youre enduring. If he refuses to get help, you have to do what you can to get out of this situation permanently. You have to keep yourself and your children SAFE. God forbid he knocks you out and starts abusing the children. You are suffering emtionally as well and there is no doubt in my mind that your children are too. This is, without doubt, a traumatic situation for them, which could have a significant impact on them as they grow older. Liv, I know you dont want to leave, but please do it for the safety of your children and you. Perhaps once he does get help and is sober, the two of you can go to counseling and try to work this out. It sounds like you have a good relationship with him when he is sober, but Liv, the children should not have to see or live in this type of environment. Youll be in my thoughts.1
Wow, I really feel bad that you have to go through this. Alcohol addiction is a serious disease. The only thing is a detox center. Keep trying. He needs help otherwise this is how he will die.Good luck to you.0
Taxing it and restricting it, like alcohol makes the most sense. The same laws that apply to alcohol, should pertain to marijuana !5
From start to finish your entire question SCREEAMS alcoholic. Alcoholism is not about how much or how often you drink. It is about how out of control you are when you drink. Step 1. We came to realize we had lost control over our lives. You sir have lost control. Go back and really read your own question. It is full of out of control. You have attended AA and you have really tried AA are two very different things. If you did not like the meeting find a different one to TRY. If there were a better easier answer I would give it.0
Well first of all you are an alcoholic. If you dont want to go to AA, then find something else to substitute your boredom or cravings. Most people Ive met that do drugs or have an alcohol problem are desperately bored and lonely0
No I am not. The rest of your "question" is just your opinion.2
Sounds like you need to do your own research, and your own homework. Ill bet all the answers are in the course textbook.0
Alcohol, hands down.2
Well yeah if you drink it day after day after day... but not once. Unless youre prone to be an alcoholic & it runs in your family.1
Once and alcoholic, always an alcoholic. Dont give him the time of day if your relationship is abusive. Do you love him? Does the relationship make you feel good? Think about those two questions and you will find your answer. He WILL keep drinking. Dont let him exploit you. I hope everything works out!Experience.0
none
Talk to your doctor about giving up drinking. Dont do at your own free will, your gonna need help. with the withdrawal................Yes the liver can repair it self. Put this way your gonna feel alot more healthy.............. good luck0
"You can live to be 100 if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred" Life is a game, you have to take risks in search of happiness. If drinking makes them happy then be happy that they found their thing. If drinking doesnt make you happy then you need to find out what does and run with it.1
Do you realize that your entire question is posted as one continuous sentence? It is almost impossible to read. The first thing you have to do is practice some tough love. Tell her that you do not want any contact with her whatsoever as long as she is drinking. When she commits to being sober, you can maybe spend some time together. Second, stop enabling her by being understanding and forgiving. Then you have to ask yourself why you continue to want to hang around with someone who is terribly dysfunctional and can only ruin your life along with her own. She isnt going to change for you. You will have to make changes in your own life for her. She needs psychiatric help to discover her deep seated issues that are causing her to drink. Its never as simple as it seems, there are always buried reasons that have to be faced. You cant do that with her or for her. Walk away.1
The first one. Alcohol is worse than cannabis, at least a habits expensive.1
I agree. Weed isnt addictive in the slightest. I love to smoke weed, but sometimes Ill go 5 or 6 days without smoking it and not even realize or think about it. Im literally more addicted to soda and ice cream than I am to weed or alcohol.1
What people fail to realise that most branded alcohol is above the proposed minimum price anyway. Most people buy the branded stuff anyway. It would make no difference.2
No, theyre basically the same thing. Your girlfriend is dumb.0
none
You should see a doctor before quitting. Alcohol is the only drug that can kill you if you quit cold turkey. Alcohol mimics GABA receptors in your brain. If you drink enough, your brain says "oh, there is plenty of GABA," and begins to make less of it. Pretty soon, if you keep drinking, your brain will quit making GABA, altogether, because it thinks you have an excess. Then, if you quit, cold turkey, suddenly your brain realizes that there is no GABA at all, and it cannot make more fast enough to keep you alive. There is more to it than that, but thats basically the jist of it. Call your doctor. Good luck!1
So what is the issue here?0
drama is drama.pain is pain.if you take on a guy like that..no matter what the perks are...or the good qualities are...(and just because he has those problems doenst mean hes not a nice guy..BUT)youre going to have to deal with the downsides of being with someone of those addictions and i guarantee there will be heartache involved.my advice?not every nice guy has those addictions and youd be soo much happier and better off if you kept looking until you found someone who wasnt dealing with those issues.trust me...its complicated.and messy and stressful and there will be many tears involved.respect your heart enough to stay away from a relationship with this guy:)0
He suffers from paranoia too, so stay away, hell not change0
so you are a victim and now you have found yet another control freak, which is what this guy is yet another violent person it is sad that you will never know love whilst you keep being a victim. he has paranoid attitude due to taking drugs and drink these are two reasons he is a junky. An alcoholic, sex is out of the question as both drink and drugs kill off any ability to have sex. so it would only be companionship at best no real phyiscal love. A real physical risk of being beaten up by such a person. He will lie and cheat just to stay drunk or under the influence of drink or drugs a real sad person who is less likely to live a very long life due to these abuses. Why you can t see this is due to how you have lived so far. a change of scenery would be the best thing to do go off travelling with the travellers some of them are far more loving GROUP OF PEOPLE.yes they smoke weed and live a peaceful life.1
none
You say how hes honest with you, so maybe you should try be honest with him, and talk to him about this?0
none
Its time to forget about number one and get on with your life. This guy is a loser from the word go. The only thing he will ever do to you is give you a life of living hell.0
none
Go do your own homework!1
none
none
Any alcohol lowers inhibitions. The amout would depend on the person (size, tolerance, etc.) This is NOT a healthy coping method. It is not constructive and the long-term result is dependence. People that use alcohol to overcome shyness are not actually overcoming their shyness, they are covering it up. It is still there the next day. The only way to ease anxiety long-term is to do things that feel uncomfortable until u feel more confident about your ability to interact socially. Its always going to be difficult at times but eventually u see that your fear isnt protecting you, its holding you back, and u start to get more comfortable with pushing through that fear and taking chances.I am a recovering alcoholic with social anxiety. 3 years clean and sober, and u would never know that i have any problems with social anxiety unless i tell you. I come across as a little shy at times, but completely obnoxious at other times. Lol0
STOP DRINKING!!!!! its gonna make you feel worse in the long run! Talk to your bromwa0
1:C 3:A 4:C 5:B 7:B 8:C 9:B 10:C 11:A 14:B 16:B 17:B 19:B 21:A 22:A 26:A 28:B 29:C 31:A 32:C 33:C 34:C Good luck on your test0
none
If you felt nothing about your self, then you must be a candidate for sad circumstance in your life. then if that is your life prerogative good luck. for you.1
your best bet is to have some fatty food before drinking.0
Do you have anyone that you trust that you can confide in? That is what you need right now. Also contact AA they have programs for families of alcoholics and even if your dad refuses thier help they can still help you. My husbands dad was the same way and if you do not get help coping it will hurt whatever family you may have in the future. Right now get the help you need and then let them guide you into how to help dad.0
never. Alcohol smells like sh*t.0
Compare the casualties of alcohol & cigars? Alcohol and nicotine are both physically addictive but weed is not<SEMCOL> you can die from drinking too much alcohol, but there is no such thing as cannabis poisoning. @Nikki Cigars come from tobacco plants, so theyre natural as well. There are so many natural things that are harmful to us, plants are one of them, just not the cannabis plant.1
Cirrhosis of the liver.0
Pot has worse after effects. Immediate effects are pretty similar though.1
Give them an ultimatum to get out of the house and find somewhere else to live unless they change their ways and clean up their life. Once they get a wake up call they might do something positive for once.0
I think you probably know that he has to want to help himself before he can recover. Of course he is your son and you dont want anything bad to happen to him, but enabling him is not the answer and it might be that he has to hit rock bottom before he realises this. It sounds like you need support - google adfam (support for familiesof pple who abuse drugs or alcohol) or alcohol concern or you could try nhs websites.1
Your English is getting better! Troll on!0
Nope. Just stay away from drunkenness. Keep it in moderation and its perfectly fine.1
Drink fresh carrot juice, water, or wheat grass.0
5 shots you are0
Way to go keef!0
doctor can help you and should be private between you and him only1
none
none
It makes you seem older and it "loosens you up". Alcohol will always be legal, it would be even more dangerous if it was illegal. It is only bad if you drink to much. I am not going to drink anything past 10% alcohol level. What I do know is, Marijuana can be dangerous driving but less dangerous than alcohol. Keep in mind, it will be decrimalized , you cant posses more than a certain amount the state chooses. Also, illegal cartels cant make it, only licensed manufacturers, and it will be taxed. It is normal because a little bit of alcohol doesnt do much, and it is an adult thing.1
Haha youre doing calm. I am too. Right now. It sucks. Were probably doing the same one if you are doing calm.Calm sucks0
Depends if you have an addiction - in which case you will crave it. Physically no - not like the hangover you are used to getting over. A detox is just a time for being kind to your body and stopping putting poison inside (alcohol is a poison) - and replacing that with good food and a healthy lifestyle.0
sigh.......Hes an ex drug user, an abuser, now an alcoholic, has treated you like crap all of your life, AnD YOU STILL HAVE HOPE OF WHAT?????? That hell suddenly wake up one day and realize what a crappy life he has, what a crappy dad hes been???? YOURE IN DENIAL!!!! He wont change, he wont change, he wont change. PEOPLE DONT CHANGE!!!!!!! Trying to change someone is impossible, dear, when he doesnt want to change. It cant be done. CANT, cant, cant. And youre just in fantasyland, dear.1
Take them as prescribed-doctors know if drugs will interact with each other.your cute1
Eventually her body will flush out the fetus unless her uterus doesnt contract naturally and then she should probably get the D&C as far as the alcohol i dont think it would be hurting her just drinking because the baby would no longer be taking vitamins from her.i would worry about the baby not passing and there being a risk of infection or toxins she needs to get medical treatment for it. i wish the best to her i couldnt imagine what shes going through take care17 weeks0
none
Depends what your mom.I am a licensed specialist.0
For the same reason Muslims revere blowing up buildings, and decapitations. In response to your Additional Details: Im an atheist, so I agree with you that Christians are far from the loving, moral people they feign to be. They have committed violent atrocities as well, nevertheless that does not exonerate your religion from the fault rightfully earned. All religions are cancers to society, your religion is no exception. Also, that was a poor example to use for Christians. They did not blow up Japanese civilians in the name of Christianity, the political motivations of war caused such destruction. There are many more atrocities that you could have used to expose Christianity.4
Becoming addicted can happen but its not likely that you will. You should understand that people drink for different reasons. Some people just drink to get drunk while others drink socially or at dinner time. Wine is actually a good drink to have with a meal. Its all in how you approach drinking. However, the fact that you wan to feel a "buzz" worries me a little bit. If thats the main reason why you want to try it, I would say that you shouldnt get involved. Wait until youre a little older and can approach drinking with a sense of responsibility. Getting a buzz is not important and people that think it is are dumb.0
You should not be drinking....get the hell out of here!!!!1
He has self-control to avoid things he doesnt want to do, as temptinv as they may be.2
heroine and cocaine is more addicting, do it once you will probably do it again, crack cocaine is more addictive then powder cocaine1
I have to say, Alcohol is worst. Through out my teen years I never got in trouble with the law over weed. But I have with alcohol. With weed you can be more cautious (paranoid) and say to yourself, "Im way too high to walk home." But when drunk, you dont give a F***! You walk home stumbling, vomiting on the street, cop rolls up and your like, "Screw the cops!" I have had alcohol poisoning over 5 times from age 15-16. I have puked out enough aristocrat to float a boat. I have fought people drunk, cried drunk, almost tried killing myself drunk... But none of that happened with weed. Also, not everybody becomes the stereotype, lazy, fat pothead when smoking weed. When I smoke bud, it hypes me up. Ill turn on music and dance. I can clean the house high as gas too. And according to the doctor, Im under weight for my height!My life with alcohol and weed1
none
Its allowed but ITS NOT VERY SMART!!! Your brain hasnt fully developed yet and wont until youre about 22. You should avoid alcohol at all costs until this age or you will regret it later. Believe me Ive been through it even though I live in the USAlcoholic family, messed up teen years1
none
It sounds like you need to look at how you use alcohol. From what you describe you are abusing it as you are drinking to the point of losing memory or getting wasted. You might not call it alcoholism yet but you are developing some bad habits. You need to learn how to go out and party without getting blacked out or out of control. If you find that you really cannot control yourself when you drink then you might want to just stop altogether. Some people just cannot control their alcohol consumption properly.0
do you have a good therapist? if not,find one and let that person know about your pill and alcohol use. if you are scared you really need someone impartial to talk to. I hope youre going to be okay till you have someone to speak with your concerns about. I wish you all the best with everything!0
To the person who answered with drain cleaner, you are a complete idiot if you are serious and if youre just trolling, this is not the place to do it. Now to answer your question. Talk to her but dont do it intervention style. Just tell her your concerned and you are there if she wants help. Give her numbers to an aa hotline or a local branch. Dont push her! It will not go well. Just do what I said and everything should be fine. Also make sure she is sober when you do this. :)Im a recovering addict and alcoholic.0
none
Gary gave you the top answer. I could say it no better.2
I think she died from over dosing on cocaine.0
3 shots0
mlml0
Ibuprofen is an over the counter medication. They wont test for that. Vicodin is a prescription drug. if you had a headache bad enough to warrant taking vicodin, you should have gotten some medical help. And one might wonder why your sister was given vicodin after birthing. That is generally unnecessary.1
Just quit drinking and ciggs. i would never quit weed1
none
0
Getting drunk one day. Its more alcohol that your liver has to process and it can get overwhelmed. With everyday use its a smaller amount and your live gets used to it1
so yes you are. basically answerd your own question..0
none
none
Yes, hes a functional alcoholic. 10+ beers is a lot of alcohol. "Hes not physically abusive, but he points out my flaws and makes me feel useless." This is the part that matters. No one should ever make a partner feel useless. This has to change. Dont tolerate what he says when hes been drinking. Remember that people treat you the way you allow them to. Dont put up with this crap.1
Whats the question? Are you smoking pot now?0
It depends on a lot of factors...and Yahoo Answers cant really help you with this sort of thing. You need a professional to evaluate the severity of your past drugs uses and check to see if it has done any significant damage. Dont worry about it though...0
none
Im no expert but alcoholics tend to drink alcohol0
Kills ur brain cells and ur kidneys, bad for the liver 20
none
Yep. You said you only feel good when your drinking...which means youre dependant on it. Sounds like you have s depression problem as well. Perhaps if you get on anti depressants you wont need to drink.Exact same situation as my boyfriend. He got on anti depressants and quit drinking.0
Actually both, here is a serious answer, many alcoholics are self medicating another psychological or emotional issue. Treating the underlying cause is an important part of sobriety. Actually, if you are depressed and until treatment is available, its actually better to have a few, try to control it a bit. If I can find something, I would like you to view it. It explains exactly what is on the tip of my tongue with a bit of humor as well, something a depressed alkie needs :) *Edit, Here ya go, enjoy <SEMCOL>) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K46P7loIC    * One of the things he stresses in there you will notice is the myth of time limits, any notion of after x number of days and its gone is not really so, there are lines you cross, the 90 day and one year marks are indicators of how well it is going, usually a person who makes it 5 years has a chance of beating the odds, theres no such thing as guarantee with this disease. I personally know a guy didnt drink for 22 almost 23 years, a few bad things happened including burying his daughter, he was off to the races. Its a very puzzling thing these mental illnesses, especially addiction.
First off, let me get straight to the point: You absolutely did the right thing! There is no reason to stay with someone who contributes nothing to the relationship. I understand it may be hard to leave and stay away because you may have been together for a long time, have children together, or see them as a significant part of your life, but this is still no reason to stay with someone. You deserve better than someone that is going to call you names and only drink and pass out everyday. He doesnt have a job, so he is probably only leaning on you for financial support and to get his fill of alcohol. I say stay away from him, and let him know his window of opportunity to make it up to you has closed, and youre ready to find someone that can put just as much into the relationship as you do. YOU MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE! Way to go!Years and years of experience with alcoholic men.0
Yes you need help. You are doing unhealthy things, you are still growing, and you are causing your body serious damage. My godmom died at 39 from congestive heart failure caused by the very things you are doing. You need to go to rehab, and learn how to want to function without illicit substances.1
Only once a week?0
Learn Jujitsu, teach him whos boss.0
Wow, you clearly dont know anything about alcohol. "Why drink if youre not going to get smashed?" Well, Ill tell you- maybe its becuase GETTING SMASHED SUCKS? And because some people drink because alcohol like beer, wine etc actually TASTES GOOD and they are just drinking it with a meal? People drink mixed drinks because they taste better than straight liquor. Have you ever even tried anything with alcohol in it? Youre the kind of person who will end up in the ER during your first party. Idiot.3
yes you have a problemmy 5 yr old sisters dad died on thanksgiving from drinking himself to death. i would get help early before you wind up like him0
Yeah it probably is. Withdrawal can do a lot including making you feel really down. Im sure once you get a little further along in "recovery" or htever you wanna call it0
Thats the law. It has nothing to do with common sense.1
My dad was a Alcoholic, he beat me and my mom all the time. One day I ha enough and just gave up I would block everyone out and I didnt speak but I got my dad to calm down on the Alcohal threatning to leave with my mom and he began drinking in moderation. I am still very emotional about what happened but when my first child was born I put everything aside because it wa like a brand new world. I have a wife I love to death and a beautiful baby girl that I would take a bullet for. I raised her really well knowing the life I had. Shes a really good student, shes smart and when my wife had the second and third child they are exactly the same as the oldest. They are all wonderful. I raised my children to move on and live life and that is what they follow. I am completely fine, I wasnt before, I still have my father in my life and I do love him because of that big change he did for us it showed me he cares. He drinks in moderation because he can literally die from not having alcohal hes so addicted. My children love me my wife loves me I love them :) I hope this helped and good job trying thats a really amazing thing :) Good luck budExperiance1
Been through it four times and it didnt help. The problem I had is that its been hijacked by a kooky cult known as Alcoholics Anonymous. Look up SMART recovery and Rational recovery, their suggestions are based on science not religion...0
You dumpster diving druggyyyy **** you0
none
Alcohol will damage your health too.0
Just leave his company. He is mere 13 and has no control over his dirty habits. What will he be like in a few years time from now. Wish him all the best and carry on living your life sensibly God helps them who know how to help themselves!0
You need to take action and take him to the emergency room for this. Next time he wants to drink, dont let him. If he gets those sweats and anxiety attacks, take him to the emergency room or call 911. They wont keep him there or lock him up but they will know what to do and who to call to get him the help he needs.0
none
Not usually, no. These are all the result of a chemical dependency, and most need medical and psychological help to stop. Except for religious belief. Thats not an addiction.3
To learn tp control yurself0
99.9999999999999999999999% of the time a law bidding gun owner is not the ones killing others or going on shooting sprees.. Its always the mentally deranged Democrat that either stole the weapon or bought one off the street.0
Not everyone on welfare is abusing the system. Some of us genuinely need the money to pay bills. Im starting to get some troll vibes from you. Keep it up and people will start reporting you.5
Wow, I am 16 and I feel the same! Just like you explained Please get back to me lizzy.faye@yahoo1
Ive seen a lot of lives destroyed by alcoholism. While some writers might do better when drinking, I dont think its worth it.2
none
none
Leave now while you still have a chance.1
well depending on where u are its alot easier to get alcohol. but you will get addicted to heroin alot quicker than alcohol if you are taking them both daily. but id rather be addicted to heroin than alcohol because heroin is alot less hard on your body as long as you use clean needles and dont od. also you can die from alcohol withdrawl but not from heroin. heroin was first put on the market when alcohol was illegal to get alcoholics off alcohol, and beleive me it did work.but the bottom line is that heroin is much much easier to get addicted to just cause you get addicted faster and the "high" is much better. alcohol was banned but made unbanned for the same reason heroin should be unbanned, and that reason is organized crime. theres probably alot of other reasons its illegal too but im not gona go into that.0
No, because Alcohol can actually be used to IMPROVE HEALTH if used responsibly, where Weed, and Cigarettes are just pain-killers. You can abuse all kinds of medication of course, but that shouldnt matter in classifying it. BTW you got some BAD INFO, which is a shame, this kind of AIR HEAD no-risk propaganda is why people think legalization supporters are idiots, so educate yourself, WEED/MARIJUA is JUST AS RISKY AS ALCOHOL/CIGARETTES NOT MORE, NOT LESS: You cant drive fine, being stoned is just as dangerous as being fall-down drunk behind the wheel. You can get lung-cancer(any form of smoking can), you can trigger mental-disease(some that have sky-high suicide issues). Weed/Marijuana DOESNT HELP WITH ILLNESS its a PAIN-KILLER, a very good one, a very friendly one, but its not a wonder-medication, that fixes anything, it numbs your pain. So no Alcohol, and Marijuana have similar risks, similar problems, and similar advantages. They should be classified similarly. EDIT- ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?! They actually tested that here in the Netherlands(because both Alcohol, and Weed/Marijuana are available) and in BOTH cases the driver was a MAJOR ROAD DANGER. And about addiction, in the Netherlands we SEE the long-term effects of freely available Weed, and its JUST AS ADDICTING. Just as many people are getting into addiction problems with Weed, as are with Alcohol. Seriously, if youre gonna be an idiot, nobodys gonna take you seriously, if you think youre doing yourself any favors by simply denying any responsibility, or effect from Weed, youre not ever getting anywhere. Im with you that it should be legalized, all the medical proof backs that up. But youre an idiot if you think its risk-free.Educate yourself, you cant be spouting air-head propaganda, and expect people to take you seriously. Theres no reason not to legalize, Weed/Marijuana is like Cigarettes/Alcohol, but you need to be realistic, like with any drug, theres risks, and especially the driving part you mention worries me, because driving stoned is HIGHLY irresponsible, and just as dangerous as driving drunk.0
Contrary to the other post I can confidently say that non of my friends are vodka addicts. Most of the older guys in my fraternity cant even drink vodka anymore. That being said though for large scale parties you are looking for quantity over quantity here. You need beer, lots of it. Usually Natty, Keystone, Busch.... As for hard alcohol you want cheap vodkas and rums, Smirnoff anything is always a good choice, and for rum something like Admiral Nelsons or Sailor Jerrys does a good job. Save the nice stuff for drinking with good friends, or just have a personal stash for you and a select few at the party. Most college students drink whats offered, so dont splurge on it.0
At least you can admit that you have a problem. You should seek help. You are much too young to be dependent on alcohol. Alcohol is a depressant....I hope you stop.2
yeah my grandmother in law is like that0
no because some judge already asked that during the first ban on alcahol and noone cared so we drank it anyways v(=/)v0
Just go and have a good time, just because there is alcohol there doesnt mean you have to drink. Dont let people influence you either. I would just go and have a good time with your friends. Just because there is alcohol present doesnt mean you have to drink to have a good time! Good luck :) I hope I could help!Myself :)1
Just heads up trying answering this in the family and friend relatopnships0
A alcoholic is a person that loves to drink, and is addicted to drinking beer, wine etc.0
I know what your feeling because I lived that life a few years ago with my mom. Its freaky seeing someone you love act like a completely different person right? Well what we did was have an intervention type thing. We set her down and told her that she has A life and body that she needs to take care of and drinking just throws it all away. Its also really tricky to get her to go to rehab, but just keep trying. Just because she doesnt have kids to take care of doesnt mean she should waste her life drinking. Good luck!1
Im so sorry that you have to go through this misery. My heart goes out to you. The first symptom of alcoholism is denial: "I can control my drinking", "The drinking isnt effecting me [or you}",    I only drink beer   ,    I only drink on weekends   ,    I can still handle my job   . The excuses go on and on. Alcoholics restructure reality so that they believe they don   t have a problem. Everyone else around them has the problem. They actually believe this. Alcoholism is a disease with psychological, physiological, social, and family aspects. Your mother will only stop drinking and engage in treatment when SHE feels that things are so bad for HER that they can not possibly get worse. This is called hitting bottom. Your mother has to hit bottom and choose treatment. Nothing you do will expedite that decision. Trying to talk an alcoholic out of drinking will have the same level of success as trying to talk a cancer patient out of his cancer. Alcoholism is as much of a disease as cancer. You need to understand what an alcoholic feels. The urge to drink is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming, persistent, and ceaseless urge. At this point, you need to take care of yourself. Join AL-ANON or Ala-teen. There are meetings all over the world. You will meet people who have been where you are now. They can provide both emotional support to you and tell you how they coped with the situation youre now in. Best of luck, Sean RobertsYou can also call 1-888-4AL-ANON (1-888-425-2666) Monday through Friday, 8 am     6 pm ET if you live in the U. S. www.al-anon.alateen.org/meetings/meeti    I was a psychology paraprofessional in the alcoholism unit at Marcy Psychiatric Center in Marcy, NY many years ago1
Its not a sin to drink. However it is a sin to drink too much.The Word of God2
Well .. we all have prior knowledge that ALCOHOL can never be good for the body. It has many many many side effects. If continued.. your organs will soon fail you and eventually death :( So if possible convince your dad to stop. You dont want to lose him dont you? So better speak up or else his life is at risk.0
i mean pretty much anything in moderation is ok. alcoholism runs in my family as well, and i do have an addictive personality. the best way to control it is just to make sure you dont start drinking habitually. Im in college now and drink like a typical college student, but i experienced some issues with tobacco. i hadnt ever taken a dip until the fall of my freshman year when i did it with a couple baseball teammates. it didnt start bad right away but then it got to a point where i was dipping 4 or 5 times a day without thinking about it. it took me noticing a receding gum to realize that i was sort of addicted and had to stop.1
To the best of my knowledge it is. Some rapists get their victims drunk and then ask them to have sex, thinking that its legal. This is a form of date rape. It is not legal in the US at least, but I dont know about the laws on this issue in other countries. If you want a full answer, ask a lawyer.2
all of the above-huh what was the question?0
In life the only person you can control is yourself. Recovery is hard and I could understand why you dont want to be around it but that is something you have to decide if you can handle or not. It sounds like your boyfriend is also an addict and I would say you need to get out of this relationship because it doesnt sound like a good environment if you are trying not to drink. You cant make him get help or stop if he doesnt want to. I think it fine to expect him not to drink around you but I do not think you can tell him not to at all. Other people are going to drink. If he didnt have an actual problem I would be even more supportive of him drinking as HE would not be the one with the problem and shouldnt have to live like someone who does. His DUIs mean he is stupid but not necessarily proof he is an alcoholic. Bottom line. You cannot shift the weight of your recovery to someone else. You cannot say if only THEY would blah blah blah. You have to take control. Maybe it is sh*tty that he wont stop drinking and support you but you have a CHOICE to stay with someone who doesnt seem to care about how you feel or care about helping you get better or leaving so you can focus on yourself. At the end of the day YOU need to do what YOU need to do and you should care more about yourself then him.2
If i was your parent i would take all your stuff away (tv phone and any other forms of entertainment) i would ground you for 2 weeks, and never let you see those friends again, but that is just me and what my parents would do. I wouldnt be suprised if they lost alot of trust with you. If you go ount and do stuff, expect them to be suspicious and dont argue. Remember, they arent over reacting and being un reasonable, your the one who messed up after all. And your 15... what were you doing that for anyway... hard to believe you make higher than fs let alone being an honor student.0
NO ITS A STIMULANT0
Havent we already been over this a few times dear ?0
I am somewhat going through the same situation... get your family together when shes sober and try to talk to her about it. Let her realize how its effecting everyone she loves. Make sure to remind her your confronting this about her because you care and love her, but do not expect her to just quit right away.. if you see improvement compliment her on it the next day! Alcohol is a very addictive drug and alcoholism is a disease that basically controls the individual, they are not trying to hurt you. If talking does not doesnt work there are free meetings and groups about alcoholism that you should recommend to your mother if you are not seeing improvement or it is getting worse. (i know you said dont telll you about this but im just stating an option:) ) http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/is-alanon-for-you?gclid=CJbiwcbF4bECFQmFnQod3DIAjQpersonal experience0
sure - "addicted" means that your body has learned to compensate for the booze - it lives in spite of the poison the booze represents. Then when you quit drinking it, the body has to return to normal operation. This can be a pretty jarring event - withdrawals - and classical "hangover". If you want to read a neat little book about alcoholism, get a used copy of "Under the Influence" off of Amazon Books. All the drunks at AA read this thing. Its a lot of fun. Its a straight look at alcoholism - what it is, where it goes, what it does. Its a physical disease - and it will kill you - it will smash the lives of you and your family - it will cost the government millions of dollars sometimes to clean up your crashed cars and take care of your estranged children. So best to learn about it - and quit just phuqing around.2
Bipolar is very extreme mood swings from depression into mania or hypomania depending which type the person has. Type 1 entails depression and mania and type 2 entails depression and hypomania. Type 1 is most severe and people in full blown mania or depression usually need hospitalisation. You can read symptoms on the internet but they do not tell you how severe the mood swings or or how they are persented in the illness. For example the mood swings last long periods of time. Usually 6 months depressed and then 4 months manic and the normal for a period of say 2 months and then back to depression again and it cycles. Everyone has a different cycle as everyone is different. Depression is when a person has a continous low mood, they feel hopeless, worthless and sad all the time. They sleep excessivley, like 16-20 hours a night, they cry a lot or cannot cry at all, they may feel no emotions, they may self harm or feel suicidal, they have no energy or motivation some days to even leave bed to use the toilet, they may under or over eat.Then in mania the person can go nights without any sleep at all or sleep less than 3 hours a night and feel fine, they have so much energy they constantly are moving or doing something, not being able to sit still for even a minute, they spend all their money, engagae in risky behaviour like sex with strangers or alcohol and drugs abuse, they talk so fast no one can keep up with them and in some cases people can becaome psychotic hearing and/or seeing things that are not their or being delusional and paranoid. Hypomania is in type 2 bipolar, it is a lesser version of full blown mania. The symptoms are not as extreme as mania but still severe enough to need medication to control. People in type 2 never experience psychotic symptoms. Bipolar is a mood disorder, not an emotional disorder. It does not sound like bipolar at all. Sounds like you have depression. See your doctor.Me, my dad and sister have bipolar.0
Move out for the next 2 weeks.0
I would say alcohol and tabacco are escapes from the mental anguish of those disorders. Since the disorders can become severe, the person may attempt to constantly wash it away with these substances, creating an addiction.theory2
none
i personally don,t think people change1
You should be fine. Ibuprofen is an anti-inflammatory. Any dosage over 800mg over a set time period will be wasted. It is not good for your organs, but you will live. Ibuprofen is not a narcotic, it just causes damage to organs when to much is consumed persistently.1
none
thats completely up to you5
none
no, but pure life water has THC in it and it takes 4 bottles to feel intoxicated0
Yes, those are classic signs of alcohol abuse / alcoholism. The good news is that youre aware of it. Many people go for decades. even their entire lives, without realizing they might have a problem with it.0
Hi! I am a medical student,in one of our books called "braunwald" that is for cardiac diseases has said that low dosage of alcohol in a very short period of usage may increase the good fat called HDL! BUT the continous of usage may reversely increase the bad fat called LDL! Finally this book says : IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED TO DRINK ALCOHOL because its disadvantages are more than its advantages!1
Well...Its not legal, so they arent going to allow it. Especially if they are strict...but this doesnt mean you cant do it secretly (hehe). I mean, I do lots of illegal things my parents dont know about, so...yeah.0
They arent your real friends then, find better friends, ur doing the right thing.0
none
Neither. if done in moderation, then both are fine. Alcohol is worse for you, but coke is more addictive. Cocaine has no nasty comedown or side effects, just pure bliss and the best buzz you can possibly have. Alcohol leaves you feeling like s.hit, makes you put on weight and can cause you to become lazy/smelly/gross if develop a dependancy. I am not advocating the use of drugs, but I think that using any narcotic occasionaly and responsibly is fine. It helps to open up the mind and develop new ways of looking at the world. I wouldnt be the person i am today if it wasnt for my experimental high school and college years.3
Thats easy - alcohol kills 80,000 people every year in the U.S. while marijuana kills none. All of the beer, wine, vodka etc ads that you see are for a product thats FAR more harmful than marijuana. If people were allowed to substitute marijuana for alcohol then the violence, disease and harm caused by alcohol would decrease significantly in society. "Drinking too much, including binge drinking, causes more than 80,000 deaths in the United States each year, making it the third leading preventable cause of death".http://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2012/p   1
none
none
Thank you, I do not have a problem but my mom does.1
One year on alcohol is not an alcoholic. Took me 3 years on heroin to be relegated a junkie. Saying that however, the best thing for you to wean yourself off the alcohol is actually iron rich vegetables and perhaps a few blue Valium nightly to help with the sleep. They supplement the receptors that needed the alcohol and give you a smoother respondent period.0
Yeah - but I dont think the system will change. I knew someone recieving benefits. Whould whine to be about being a single mom and all her money going on her kids, but thats funny because she smoked and drank like a fish. Then shed get all attitude on me because I bought a pair of new jeans.4
Because they think too hard to produce outcomes that are disappointing to them.1
you are now allowed to try it. is haram4
I know cancers, scorpios( plenty of water people) and aries and leo who are into it.5
none
there re pills which make u not want to consume alcohol, and if u consume it anyway against your will it will give u a terrible headache. u just have chemical imbalance, dude, just fix it with pills0
It is good that you are beginning to take responsibility for those you have wronged. It is part of the process that you may be engaged in for some time while you are still fragile. It appears you spent many lost years in a vacuum of your addictions. Now that you are clean I hope you remain in A/A or Adcare > It does help those who are ready for change. It does sound like you are ready for a different life and your feelings will be challenging - Dont ever give up on yourself. Stay with the program and go to meetings every day. Some of the best treatment center counselors were once addicts themselves. God Bless2
Running away will ruin your life, so thats not a good choice, drinking the beer isnt either, it will just make you more depressed and do you want to wind up like her ? Best thing is just to avoid her when shes been drinking and learn how to talk to her when she is drunk, ignore any name calling, shes obviously got problems, she shouldnt pass them on or take them out on you, but your available so she does.0
It was made illegal by the cotton and other material companies hating hemp. Hemp is cheap, strong, and easy to grow, so it was competition for the other materials. Like oil today, material companies back then had a large influence on the economy, and the government. They joined to together and made it, and all its family, including marijuana, illegal.3
"My name is Dan. I work 3 days a week, and come home to my wife and 3 kids. I usually start drinking as soon as I get home. When Im drunk, I order my wife around, and hit her if she doesnt listen to me. I scream at my kids when they get to loud, and I end up pissing all over myself and throwing up in the neighbors yard." "My name is Jay. I also work 3 days a week. I have a wife and a daughter. When I come home from work, I like to relax and smoke a few bowls. I usually spend my high playing with my little girl, and laughing my as$ off at the silly voices I can make Ken and Barbie do. Then, I get hungry and make my OWN sandwich."1
You are describing symptoms of an alcoholic relapse and the withdrawal syndrome that follows. an alcoholic can never safely drink again, because when he drinks, no matter how long he stayed sober, his body and brain will react as if he never quit drinking - it is called the tolerance and progression syndrome which is what makes alcoholism a progressive, incurable and fatal disease. AA cannot treat mental disorders separately from the disease of alcoholism. They are not doctors. But your boyfriend can recover from a seemingly hopeless state of mind and body in time, if he continues to stay sober and works the program, including the 12-Steps, and getting a home-group and a sponsor, and getting involved in service work. If your boyfriend can stay alcohol-free for a year, he has a very good chance at sobriety. but dont expect too much more than that the first year. Most of his free time should be spent around program people, one way or the other. The best thing you can do for him is to get involved in Al-Anon. It will teach you ways that are most effective at helping him - which is to say, it teaches you to focus on you and take care of yourself rather than giving in to him, enabling him, being afraid of him or his threats to relapse, making him the center of your universe, or letting his disease run rampant while it is killing him...and you. Alcoholism is a family diease and the whole family needs treatment.0
Yes2
It depends on the ammount and frequency0
none
If You cant afford it You dont need it, that simple ( :3
Put the crack pipe down.8
none
more people have die of caffeine than marijuana, in fact there is no recording in history from any hospital in the world were marijuana was the cause of death. So no I dont think I can3
Hey there, I was in a similar situation with a family member... I found this 24hr hotline (888)-652-0558. Call this # now and they can steer your boyfriend in the right direction and get him the treatment that he needs. I hope this helps you like it helped me. God bless.0
none
I had a friend that was 13when he started drinking and he was fine but if he got really drunk he Whould pass out wich is not good0
It isnt "bad" if taken in moderation, nothing is.1
Stop drinking cider0
it smells awful and is poisonous!?!?0
unfortunately you cant help someone who doesnt want help and refuses to admit they need help. your parents need to kick him out of the house. as long as they let him stay at home, their just enabling him to continue his behavior.1
Depends on what you are drinking. A lot of doctors recommend drinking a glass of wine or a beer a day for people with heart problems because it thins out the blood. It all depends on how much you drink1
does your Behavior change when "using"? - sometime its not the amount or how often one uses a drug or alcohol but How it effects you have you tried non chemical forms of relaxing/stress reduction? Yoga/exerice/mediation/breathing exercises? just from what you have stated I would advise caution1
NONE. You can take all the vitamins you want, they will not effect what damage is done. Alcoholics also get a specific type of Alzheimers, called Wernickes Encephelopathy. Its not treatable or preventable.RN0
none
none
Try to find another way to unwind... just dont drink... its a trap... try yoga or some sort of workout... Your self-concious is telling u the truth, alcohol is to be feared.1
You need to just stop being a pussy pretty much.0
You may not be a alcoholic yet, but you are going in the right direction to be one, i should know.0
none
none
I believe alcohol is very dumb and dangerous. Its just as harmful to your brain as smoking is to your lungs, yet smoking is legal at 18 and alcohol is 21.0
I had 2 DWI and spent close to 20,000 dollars in court cost and hail mary fees. It must be nice to live life on the edge I dont do it anymore. You sound lucky so far. And perhaps you need a change of life thats probably why you get angry with your girlfriend and friends. Self abuse takes time dont expect to change over night. You live you learn0
none
Im a recoving alcoholic and yaeh unfortanately he has to want it!more than likely it will come from a moment of clarity-a day when he is sober he sees something beautiful he been missing.Alot of us clean up after something bad happens to us.But you say hes been in hospital and that dont scare him! I am related to heavy drinkers to and they are what they are!All i can do is pray and slip in a word or 2 now and then.Good luck to you and call 411 for your local "al-anon" they can help you.1
Yes. Our vice is alcohol, theres is fast food.Some stereotypes are true3
none
Hey :) If he is really trying to stop these habits, then ask him to visit some deaddiction centres. He can consult any doctor. There are medicines for deaddiction of alcohol :) Take care :) :)0
none
no you just have a stronger system0
none
option 4: not to drink while underagecommon sense, brain cells, the law0
none
It messes with your brain. The liver has to fight to get rid of it. damage in heavy use.0
Its not your liver that that combo is bad for - it effects the part of the brain stem responsible for useful stuff - like breathing and heartbeat.0
Uh stop drinking right now... This isnt good... You need to just stop with it, youre gonna do some major damage and your friends were right to tell you that it was wrong. You dont "need" AA, but you do enjoy getting drunk so maybe an online hotline that you can call for help.I dont drink and Im 16... I see my friends wasting away their perfectly healthy bodies while I sit in pain (stomach/possible liver issues)3
If you want to save your babys future dump the waste of space and find a caring step father.3
none
Contact everyone with whom you had a shared account including accounts in your name that he used and accounts in his name that you paid for. Be sure to explain that he is your ex from a bad break up and that you are not responsible for his bills. Might even put an ad in your local paper to that effect. Should probably also cancel all said accounts and start new ones of your own and be explicit that only you are to be using said accounts. Then make sure you stick to that. Block him and anyone who supports him from your life in every way. And fill that time with new up beat people. Never talk about him or give him any emotional time whatsoever. Hes an emotional vampire and youre showing him your neck. Gotta stop doing that.0
-If You feel You "need" or HAVE To Have Them- Yes. Youre an Alcoholic. Quiting Drinking is NOT going to make you have a Seizure. Becoming DEPENDENT on Alcohol- someday, Could !! :(Quit. Before you follow in your Brothers- gurney...1
In its weakened state, the brain "instructs" people to drink. Brain "damage". See? It is damaged and it does stupid things.2
none
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcoholism http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/phano23.    maybe you can look at this fro Google1
there have been no known overdoses of acid. Takes all credibility out of your post. Well in that case I dont know of anything you can do. If people have the desire to do the drugs than they will just do them. Maybe try reaching out to a popular teacher that your peers respect.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lysergic_ac    source 470
Alcohol is physically addicting. Being addicted to alcohol means you get physically sick when you stop drinking. Sick enough to hallucinate, pass out and sometimes die in some cases. People in alcohol withdrawal often require hospitalization for days or weeks on end. People with physical addiction to alcohol usually get it by drinking constantly, every day, over long periods of time. This also often results in other physical problems, like brain damage due to thiamine deprivation (vitamine B1), liver disease and so on. If you are talking about being "addicted" to alcohol in the same sense as people become "addicted" to chocolate ice cream, then yes that is a psychological issue. Or maybe just a maturity issue.0
a beer belly0
NO!!it can never happen...my experience1
He didnt pick "alcohol". He picked WINE, a symbol of the good life...and...red. Water and milk arent red (like blood). There was NO ASSUMPTION that alcohol was bad or a poison...in fact, it is NOT bad...Im not sure what your problem is.3
Yes I think so. Contact me if you want details as to why.1
Alcohol and drugs do not have any influence on molesting and rape. It takes a sick person to begin with to do these acts. Basicaly this sounds like blaming alcohol and drugs and denying a mental sickness of pedophilic fantasy. This is a typical " I was drunk" cop out and denying he is sick in the head.1
A.) Keep studying the English language....you are doing well- B.) way wrong category.1
none
If shes not an alcoholic yet, which she very well could be, she is 100% on the path to alcoholism. Seriously, get her help. Dont take this lightly. You shouldnt be turning to Yahoo Answers with something this serious, you should be taking this to a rehab center or her school guidance office. This is serious. Get help.1
Good for her0
none
OMG seriously! give it a couple of months0
none
i think your weak mentally, u just need to tell yourself no, its only gonna make things worse if i eat this.0
Advantages, lots of fun. Disadvantages: addictive, lots of calories, horrible for your liver and your brain...1
Yeah its like a security blanket.1
Statistics may not be correct. Disease such as Hypothyroidism and over dosage of certain drugs taken for depression can make persons obese.1
No alcoholics go to meetings.1
none
You sound like the type of girl my bro likes lol, hes 24 too. You are absolutely NORMAL, I dont drink alcohol either and dont plan to for the same reason too. Plus, I dont believe you cant have fun if you dont drink. Yes, sometimes you feel out of place if you dont conform to the crowd, but you should be proud you have set values for yourself that you want to stick by. If your values outweigh giving in to societys norms, you should stand by them, respect them, and people will respect them too. When I go to bars or clubs I just get non-alcoholic drinks - juices, sodas, whatever - sometimes they give it to you for free too cus they imagine youre the sober driver haha so all the better! Just be happy about yourself and good on you!1
NO! If you suspect youre pregnant, dont go anywhere near alcohol -period. Youre going to ruin the life of an innocent child who deserves more if you do.3
Stop. Just stop.0
Cigarettes have many more physical effects than alcohol does. Cigs put tar on your lungs, give you a great many of cancers including cancer of the mouth, lungs, and throat. If you only drink alcohol once a month-even in excess (ex: you get drunk once a month), then the effects will not be as bad. It is also much harder to get over a tobacco addiction than alcoholism-depending on your state of mind.Prior knowledge0
Yup. 1. Though you didnt ask, theres some evidence that the weakness may be genetic. 2. Seeing drinking in his growing up environment and acceptance of someone being drunk will effect the choices the child might make later.0
If your people had their land stolen, their people slaughtered and raped and discriminated even to this day in their own country by European immigrants, wouldnt you start drinking?7
The more you drink, the easier it is. Im guessing you dont drink a whole lot. there are also tricks with hangovers, for instance, drinking like three cups of water when you are about to go to bed drunk, because all a hangover is, is dehydration. Thats what I do, normally Im very prone to hangovers, but i havent had one since I started doing that.0
none
Yes, its called courage, character and commitment.0
Remember what happened in prohibition there not doing that again8th grade social studies1
this was happening to my uncle,yes I think he is an alcoholic..just keep an eye out on him because he could be putting himself in great danger x0
Curiousity ... Gets the best of most..alochol isnt all bad if done in moderation at right age ....such as weddings & other celebrations ... But alot of people abuse it for social purposes and take it outta control0
One is legal.0
Like practically nothing seriously call em theyll tell ya try volunterung and os these r qs for your Gma but at heres my question http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index<SEMCOL>   0
No, its just like have a beer after work. As soon as your obligations are done for the day its time to relax. ITs not like you are going home every night to drink. Also more like having a single glass of wine for dinner.2
usually drinking doesnt make you sad unless your drinking a lot. Maybe your just thinking or seeing things that are triggering those thought to come back1
none
why is the forum stuck again???0
Because they will drink all the booze. TROLOLOLOL3
Alcohol is a drug. Any drug used consistently a person builds a tolerance to and has to use more to get the same intoxication. So people are using a drug to self medicate. This society see alcohol as the last legal drug and even though it becomes toxic the majority of society thinks that is okay because a person should be able to control themselves. Even when an alcoholic maimes and kills on the road, they have to do it repeatedly to get put in jail. Society wants their liquor!!! People are wanting to legalize Pot also and I cant tell you how many young people whos lives I saw ruined at a young age by that in my own life. So to answer your question thoroughly I want you to sit in on 3 alanon meetings and just listen to how alcohol affects the whole family, you will get an education.0
none
Similarity? They take your mind off reality for awhile.1
none
none
DO NOT EVER EVER EVER USING RUBBING ALCOHOL ON YOUR FACE AT ALL! I cannot stress enough how much rubbing alcohol can damage your skin. Leave your skin alone until it completely clears up. Just use regular soap and water, and maybe some neosporin too. If youre having acne problems, try something like ProActiv. It wont cause damage and will greatly improve your skin. Hope I helped :)0
It is never a wise thing to mix drugs and alcohol you should never do that just say sober, Its not hard.Life0
When I drink tequila I pray to the porcelain God..4
Liberalism The most destructive addiction of all.3
this is something to be proud of - when all the rest of them are struggling with problems of abuse-youll be at the top of your game!2
none
none
Highly likely ----- better to stay off the sauce... then you wont experience this anymore http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/   0
Please be grateful you didnt fall into a coma or worse. Fifth of Jack (750ml) is more than a responsible drinker enjoys in a week, and on a full stomach. My advise is for you to have somebody take you to detox and / or a doctor.1
It would be a helluva lot easier and less totalitarian to just make it so welfare cards cant be used to buy alcohol. Oh right... we already do that. Hey heres a thought: how about if we focus on education reform so less people are on welfare to begin with?3
you can tell this obviously bothers you and it should! I have personally had to deal with alcoholics and I can tell you that it will only get worse before it gets better. so you have to ask yourself whether its worth it to deal with all of this. have you sat down with him and told him how it bothers you? has he agreed to maybe go get help from a doctor or attend an AA meeting? if he continues denying he has a problem and refuses to get help, maybe its time you think about leaving him.1
I am not sure about what kind of theories you have there but the alcoholism and substance abuse initially start from early teens being introduced to these goods by peers who constantly use them together with the eventually alcoholic or addict. Later on, most of the group disperse but the alcoholic or addict eventually finds another group that further empowers his/her addiction until the person becomes dependent on these substances to cope with daily living.As I have observed0
Go to local places and tell them not to let you buy any type of alcohol. or i dont know grow a sack and say your done. you cant ruin your childrens lives because you are too selfish to give it up. Go to Rehab or something. And if you dont think this will ruin your childrens lives Newsflash, my dad had the same problem and Im 17 years old and I hate him for it. your kids will never forgive you. so you need to take care of the problem NOW. Make yourself virgin drinks so you "think" your drinking but your really not. your not getting the affect, its called mind over matter. within a couple of weeks the addiction affect should wear off and you should be fine.0
none
Drinking ethanol is unhealthy for many reasons.0
Its called a disease so that you can charge your hospital for medical treatment, nothing more than that. Being ugly should be a disease so you can get cosmetic surgery and escorts covered by health insurance.0
none
Too much of anything is bad. But if you are talking about 1 cigarette vs 1 unit of alcohol, the cigarette is worse as it will affect your ability to breathe and make stuff like running or marathon sex sessions difficult. Where 1 unit of alcohol may improve your ability to perform these tasks. I dont drink or smoke anymore, but I dislike my girlfriend smoking more than I dislike her drinking.1
none
That is a stereotype. Ireland is a developed country with good medical care, that is why they have a long life expectancy. Alcohol is extremely dangerous when abused and can severely damage the liver, kidneys, brain etc.1
Social workers and counselors wouldnt have as much experience to deal with someone whom may have a more serious mental illness. Psychologists are trained to control their body language and behaviours during sessions, counselors and social workers can become anxious or panic because they may not know what to do. My own experience, I was with the school counselor and became angry with her and started to ignore her, she became irritated and anxious herself and then impatient. I also have seen a psychologist and she remains calm, relaxed and shows empathy when necessary etc, she knows what to do in a situation if you were to become upset or angry, she could control me to calm my farm.Personal experiences1
Feel on the confidence bro, I mean it is a lot harder to be honest but its all mental just tell your self this " hey I did it before not sober, but its still me Im still the same guy whats the difference if Im sober I still look the same " and I smoke a lot so I get you man for me its not so much confidence I get its more so comfortableness like I feel like I can say/ do whatever without being judged. And to answer your 2nd question you cant make her fall for you write away. Get her number and text her to rush things but just be really sweet girls wanna know their are different from the other and that you are different from the other guys soo just let em know maan, make the feel special and that they can trust you and they will fall. HARD0
You should vote for Obama.1
none
none
none
Im wondering if it has caused any problems in ur life? Jobs, financial, family, health, trouble with the law? If so then yes u r an alcoholic. I myself am an alcoholic ... but like u, Im sober today..0
Drinking can be found in forms of addiction, habit, a way of ignoring problems, enjoying the effects of being drunk, or just casual bar drinking. If you dont like drinking, dont drink.2
Well if I had a band right now, absolutely no drugs. Maybe some alcohol here and there, but drugs have broken up some really great bands. Alcohol, yeah it does harm to some, but its better than having drugs in it.1
none
Youre completely disregarding indoctrination. And close-mindedness.1
Because alcohol depresses your nervous system. When you dont have the alcohol flowing through your body, your nervous system responds by becoming overly excited & stimulated... which leads to the shaking and feeling awful.0
No thats New York your thinking of.1
If you want to drink at age 14 then youre already retarded so you wont suffer much more mentally. Dont worry. But if you start drinking so young you will kill your poor little liver.0
Yes you can. You might be addicted already and just dont know it yet. A Dr can help you if you dont want to withdrawal ...Ive heard ppl can get really sick i think you should see a Dr or go to an AA meeting and ask theyll help you0
yes, friendship is...the first and most effective.3
none
Wow, nice choice of driver! Yeah. Youll probably be charged.0
Its not normal...and its not natural0
Its fine. Take whatever you like1
If you cannot answer these questions yourself without cheating you have no business getting a license.2
You are nothing more than a codependent to your boyfriend. He knows you will pay for his addictions, so he does not make the room for them in his budget. Or, at least only use what he can easily afford. He can buy cigs by the carton or his wine in an economical box and when that is gone, he does without. You are not being mean or cruel, you are actually doing him more harm than good, on many levels. He is not being responsible with his money because you are there to help him out of the hole he had dug for himself. He is ruining his health and you are aiding him to do that. He is not learning how to handle his money correctly. He is not maturing to the point of taking care of his priorities. Stop "helping" him because you are only hurting him. As a matter of fact, you are in a dead end relationship. Now, for someone like you who does not drink or smoke and is financially responsible, why on earth are you aligning yourself with the likes of this guy anyway? You will NEVER be happy with him, long term and as long as you are with him, you are allowing the right guys to pass you by. Think about that.3
none
overuse0
America is ********. We have this weird Puritanical thing that goes back to Prohibition. Some states make alcohol sales illegal on Sunday or after 2 AM. Its pure ********. We also demonized drugs although most Americans are on prescription drugs and Big Pharma makes billions giving 7 year olds Ritalin or kiddie speed. Most Americans drink before 21. The only weird things is when I go to clubs in Australia or Euruope. In America, many 19, 20 year-olds get into clubs with fake ID but in Australia and Europe, 16 and 17 year-olds get into clubs with fake ID so here I am hitting on a frickin 16 or 17 year old and they smell of fruity perfumes like peach and strawberry instead of adult women perfumes. And they say wierd stuff like, "I dont like cocktails, makes my nose itch. I dont drink wine, I dont like grape juice, makes my nose itch."1
alcohol is the #1 cause of automobile crashes that has led to injuries and deaths.4
none
none
My dear friend,listen to other people what they say.You can not even say when they will start drinking again.They appear to be right! It is better to be safe now instead of being sorry at a later date.My suggestion is to run away from him in opposite direction as fast as you can!I am a counsellor.0
I guess that depends on your definition of better. I like to think it would be though.1
Find something else you are interested in and get heavily involved in that.1
Drugs and alcohol release a "feel good" chemical in the brain called dopamine when taken in. It makes people feel good, and who doesnt want to feel good right? They get addicted to the drugs or alcohol because they like the feelings it gives them. That doesnt mean that people will get addicted to drugs or alcohol just because it makes them feel good. Its all about self control and moderation. There are plenty of people who enjoy alcohol but are not alcoholics. Addiction to alcohol can be controlled, but some drugs like meth or strong cocaine can cause immediated addiction.0
New wine, or what we would call grape juice, had some small percentage of alcohol, but it was healthier than most of the water sources. Old wine had much more alcohol, and caused drunkenness, which is decried all through the Bible. The Word of Wisdom initially allowed weak drinks like beer, while warning against stronger liquor. With our modern methods of providing clean water, alcohol in any form is no longer necessary. It is easier to abstain from alcohol, than it is to abstain from "strong drink", while drinking alcohol. I support the Lords decision.6
none
none
First of all, you should not feel proud by asking this question. Basically you say you drink alcohol every day non stop. If your a teenager this would be a disgrace to most people, dont feel proud about this. You should seek advice before it gets out of control1
none
I have Jupiter in Pisces and Ive quit marijuana.. Dont know if you consider that addictive. But that sh-t sucks. Every time I get high it makes me depressed afterwards.. So eventually I quit and life sober isnt half bad.1
Is alcohol a depressant? YES.1
Yes, stop drinking.1
You know Obama admitted to selling and using drugs dont you?3
you source of info is incorrect. on a statistical average<SEMCOL> abusers live shorter, unhealthier lives.0
Drinking alcohol doesnt solve anything. Then again, neither does drinking milk. Its a joke. You sound young. Craving champagne because it tasted good isnt the same as being addicted to alcohol. If you drink alcohol regularly and get the shakes if you dont, youre addicted to alcohol. If alcoholism runs in your family, why chance it? Everything in moderation.1
In Alaska, it actually is illegal to drank it in the Eskimo villages. State law, though its based on locality. Their are Achohol smuggling rings up there.0
The scientific community is split as to whether or not what is often referred to as a hang over is a form of withdrawal or not. If youve been dependent on alcohol since 1999, then yes its very possible youre suffering from withdrawal symptoms. Just like if you were to abuse any substance for that long, your body needs time to acclimatize to any change whether for better or for worse. You know that you need to go cold turkey. Dont try to justify drinking to yourself by saying youre suffering from withdrawal. If youre an alcohol you have to live with that for the rest of your life, you can never drink again. Im rooting for you, buddy.0
none
Cut by Patricia McCormick. Love that book <30
none
Youll be fine,, but there is no cure for stupid,, 1. Neurontin wont get you high no matter how much you take. Maybe instead of being a dumb *** you should look up what you are taking 2. There is no 10mg vicodin LOL its called hydrocodone once again know what you are talking about 3. There arent 10 xanex,, they come in .5, 1, and 2mg (xanbar) for 18 you sure arent very street smart,, stay with things you know,, which at 18 you really dont know ****,, maybe let your family know you are dumb as dirt and maybe they will get to see you after you ODIm a drug addict and you are a fool1
There are no pros to abuse. Abuse is the deliberate mis-use of a substance, to achieve an effect not intended in the original prescription, or socially acceptable use of the substance. Abuse is, by very definition, not good. There are no benefits to abuse, barring a temporary high. To suggest that drunken gambling, or purchasing street drugs at an inflated price, or providing jobs to AA group leaders is any benefit is utter nonsense.2
1. Because states who legalize marijuana disrupt federal efforts to fight it. 2. Because states who legalize marijuana disrupt foreign efforts to fight it, especially those of the Mexican government, which does not agree with legalization efforts and whose drug cartels are the primary suppliers of marijuana to the US. In other words, its not a state issue and it has far greater impact than just allowing people to get high.0
no, beer is alcohol if your really addicted to beer you prob an alcoholic1
I think you should ask the monk.0
none
Perhaps. Shes might want to use it to forget everything that happened to her but if she wasnt that kind of person she would make herself a better and stronger person without having to use any alcohol or drugs.1
Report her to CPS.0
none
Of course, I have known many of them.2
Do you make questionable decisions when youre sloppy drunk? End up naked, sore and no memory? If so call me 732-673-1269. Names mike, I can help.0
Alcoholism is a syndrome: meaning it has many, many aspects. You mean you want to drink less? It wont happen, the definition is that addiction requires more and more, you might cut back for a short while but youll always go back to drinking a higher amount until you hit the end of the jelinek chart (google it) and then your tolerance gets wacky. I would suggest a person tries AA and see what they have to say: at least for a few months.1
The really long term affects of heavy drinking and alcoholism is the destruction of your liver which happens when you eventually get cirrhosis of the the liver which leads to a very horrible death. The vomiting is no good for your esophagus as the acids damage the lining of the esophagus.witnessed a number of cases of the disease and heard the doctors diagnosis0
none
none
none
none
Its in our nature.2
Nah youre good. Id recomend have a few drinks to help forget about the issue.0
Because kids dont grow up nowadays. Do you want more people crashing into cars while drunk? 21 years of age sounds about right<SEMCOL> maybe raise it to 25. Still some idiots around and its usually the younger ones.1
Okay help him 700 a week is pretty poor to a alcoholic and smoker0
They should be. I think that alcoholics are very annoying.0
12 shot of alchol is to much in a yearHello my fellow members at xclusive php scripts is now well loaded at this site.visite www.inloaded.tk to read and download full php scripts, like waploaded&naijaloaded scripts. Rush now to get it at www.inloaded.tk it is for free.go thier and come back here for updated one thanks0
Well there are some good things on it but comparing to good only bad are huge in numbers . alcohol which is consumed limited is ok but it gives trouble if you take over . it lead to many problems like head aches , lack of memory problems, lack of sleep , nervous problems , frequent fatigue , lever and lung cancer etc .. They say that alcohol which is taken limited helps in reducing weight , toothache problems , reduce stammering problems and gives good speech . My opinion is say NO to alcohol .....1
Here you go. The only thing in the human body that alcohol has no effect on is hearing. All other systems and parts of the human physiology including nerves, brain, blood, muscle, organs, skin, eyesight, smell, taste are destroyed by alcohol. Nothing is left out of the equation but hearing. Nothing.former med student.2
You need a lobatamy if your sticking around.0
If you must drink alcohol, then Id say red wine, but only ever resort to alcohol as a very last resort...1
none
A penny under the tongue0
none
There isnt alcohol in coke or they couldnt serve it as a soda--it would be an alcoholic beverage1
She obviously has liver disease and could pass away at any time...that is the simple truth. If she could buy all that alcohol, she should have money to go to a doctor. She MUST go to a doctor. You could help her find out if there is a clinic or program in your area she can qualify for. It costs nothing to go to AA and she needs to do that, too. You can contact the local chapter of Al-anon...the support group for families.http://search.yahoo.com/search<SEMCOL>_ylt=A0oG   0
none
For me it is a really good depiction of alcoholism.http://abusetreatmentcenters.net/0
Yes, if you keep doing it for years. But if only for a little while, vodka.is not as harmful as other things you can drink.0
Having hep C and being an alcoholic is really a double whammy to the liver. These people usually progress to total liver failure much quicker than someone just being an alcoholic alone or just having hep C alone. A lot depends on how much of a viral load is attacking the liver and only a doctor can give testing to find that out. She would need a liver biopsy and routine blood work to figure out how much damage she has and whether or not it is progressing and how fast. If she is not experiencing any signs of liver failure yet, then that would be quite amazing after 30 years. No one probably really knows when she got hep C exactly, but if she was diagnosed with it 30 years ago, then we know she has had it for the entire time. I would think this person would have serious liver failure issues myself, but who knows. Stranger things have happened. Not everyone with hep C will die from it. About 80% of people who have hep C develop a chronic case of it. Maybe your friend could be one of the lucky ones that it cleared on its own. I might add that many people who have it have no symptoms of a liver problem for 30 years, so there may come a time when your friend does start to get symptoms. Once symptoms show up, it means the disease is far advanced and cirrhosis has formed. If your friend does develop cirrhosis and needs a transplant someday, if she no longer drinks, then she might qualify to receive a transplant and get well again even though the hep C often times also attacks the new liver that is transplanted. They do give transplants to people who have hep C and also alcoholics in certain circumstances with a total change of lifestyle being the first requirement and absolutely no alcohol or drugs ever for the rest of your life.Im a nurse who had cirrhosis of the liver from an autoimmune disease and received a liver transplant.0
No not cant. Alcohol and drug addictions cause physical changes to your the brain, sugar does not.0
Sugar. I would rather be fat than a massive wreck.2
Of course. Thats what the whole point of alcoholic beverages.3
It slows down everything-all you need to know.0
none
Speak to your parents and get them to take you to a AA meeting. It may be uncomfortable now but it may save you from a world of grief later. (and I am serious - a world of grief)I have friends and relations who are alcoholics - now thankfully in recovery. Its no joke.2
business is not fixing the price though is it.. worth testing in court.. i think the government should increase duty rather than price fix. people are going to spend the same on booze, retailers will just make more profit.1
It is never a good idea to mix alcohol with prescription drugs, or any drugs for that matter. Any doctor or a person with common sense would recommend you refrain from alcohol until you are finished with your dosage. Also read the back of the packaging, it will often have warnings and recommendations like. Do not take more than 4 tablets daily, do not consume with alcohol, taking this drug may have some side effects such as blah blah blah... Not everyone has bad reactions when mixing alcohol with medication, but i know for a fact it is not a safe idea. Just stick to water, juice or soft drink for the party.. play it safe.0
none
You could get better idea about alcohol abuse in given site linkshttp://alcoholism.about.com/cs/homework/    http://www.helpguide.org/mental/alcohol_   0
yes, you get really tired, nauseous, light headed, vertigo, dizzy, you throw up and have a massive headache. you also sweat a lot and get hot1
none
Addicted to alcohol/ alcoholic probably around 5-8% Thats my guess man, I dont think everyone is honest about it so this may seam a little high but theres definitely people that arent coming out admitting it0
Im sorry, but you must be searching under a rock.. There is Liver disease, Fetal Alchohol Syndrome, alcoholics, the millions of drunk drivers that have killed or been killed.0
The damage starts the instant you take the first drag,drink,etc. The effects can be reversed when you quit, however slowly.Experience1
I like lemons.1
WTF were they smoking in the peace pipes then????1
They dont drink in moderation because they cant get regular access to alcohol. Our drinking age is unusually high. Therefore, when they DO get access, they overdo it badly. Its a "feast or famine" mentality. When the alcohol is available, they drink as much of it as they can. In countries with lower drinking ages, or where young people are introduced to, say, wine with meals from an early age, this sort of binge drinking is much rarer, though its not non-existent by any means. Young people everywhere tend to go to extremes now and then. Moreover, the UK has a lower drinking age, but the British have trouble with binge drinking among the young.0
Im on oxcodone for my right foot cause I just had surgery but the way you wrote this question you dont sound like your addicted and only having a couple of sips wont do anything cause its beer and beer has a low alcohol content but if u had a couple of shots of vodka or alcohol with a high content it would just make u feel a lot more sleepy then if u took just the oxcodone or in the worst case u could start vomiting and pass outBen there done that1
Are you Asian? :) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alcohol_flu    Read up!0
none
none
Sure, why not.2
Dont know what that means either. If you had to go there for underage drinking, they usually have you go more than 1 time..usually on a random basis (here in Ma. anyway). I also get the impression your not talking about cigarette smoking but, weed smoking. If it was ordered by a judge, look at the court release papers, it should say random drug and alcohol screens if they want both, or it may specify just alcohol. Here in Ma., if your ordered to go for testing...its for both. Hope this helped, good luck to you.0
Shank her with a knife, preferably steak.marijuana. crack0
She is wrong. It can kill you. Say you chug a fifth of whiskey, you have a lethal does in your stomach so when it hits your blood you are dead. She better check the facts before she goes telling people this.6
none
Because the government can allow the sale and taxation of alcohol and tobacco.... Its sad, but reality.0
The only thing marijuana kills is brain cells and ambition.4
none
none
Drugs and Alcohol tremendously affect it. If the guy is doing drugs or drinking, Your chances of concieving arent in your favor. (If you wanted a baby)Past wanting to be a mommy.0
none
Not really. An alcoholic usually drinks everyday but a super high amounts of beer, they also feel they have to drink!0
none
Stop0
none
none
I would suggest that GO to your mom and show all these to her... but go to her with some solid proof and dont make her feel that you or jealous or something like that but make her believe that you both want him to be perfect and dont want to be him in any trouble... and really do this with good intention... that will surely help him ...1
none
Everyday.1
none
Drug addict, such as addicted to narcotics, or cocaine, cant really be addicted to pot.. and well wouldnt be as interesting. Eyes, very sleepy looking, dark circles, pupils pin point, lost looking .. Very jittery, always on edge, not really worried about much, always going to "use" the bathroom but snorting coke off the bathroom sink. Alchy, always causing trouble, horrible philosophy, stubborn, emotional, old looking face, wrinkled, restless, smelling horrible from the liquor.. good luck with the story0
Have you tried talking with your professors? If others are doing better than you without appearing to do as much work, perhaps its something youre doing wrong, or overthinking, or missing entirely. Sometimes, professors are looking for things that students overlook or give less priority to. Talking with your faculty members will help save you from an addiction, hopefully save you some time, and allow you to perform better.0
none
Youre over the hump but you should talk to a professional to help with your attitude. You have come a long way so go a little further.1
none
both are harmful0
You can get alcoholic liver disease from drinking to much alcohol1
NO Alcohol is a jealous mistress.2
none
none
there many factors uusually they usually die between 30-50 years old if they dont get help. ...usually ends with scerosis (hardening) of the liver and once you have that you have a year to live ..if you dont have a liver transplant..which is expensive.0
none
I am so very sorry to hear your problem. I know what it is like to have an alcoholic parent. Heck it is bad enough being a teenager let alone going through the added stress and drama. I feel for you. Have you tried an intervention ? Gotta catch her when she is sober. Good luck I hope life works out well for you. I know it is tough to hear , but remember she is your mom and you only have one and when she is gone that is it. Again I feel for you. stay strong. Try an intervention.Been there.0
It sounds like you do have a drink problem, I would seek medical help asap before you do serious damage to yourself.0
Let me guess, your right hand is alot stronger than your left hand?5
You are a enabler where you admit it or not. You let him continue to do this. I bet you let him come back every time. Dont let him bring you down you ARE better than that.1
none
Zero amount. Stop drinking immediately.1
cxvxcvxcvvcvcvvc1
none
including the children?1
bc huge alcohal compines have people in the white house who look out for their interest. if weed became legel cigerette sales and alcohal sales will drop.. Also you cant breathalize for weed so cant prove he/she is high at a certain time only speculate they are, and that doesnt stand in court..0
none
none
I know it will be hard but you are going to have to try and talk to your mum, be strong and tell her the truth. What your dad is doing is not right and I know hes your dad and you probably dont want to get him into trouble but he needs help to stop the drinking and maybe to see his gp as hes obviously depressed about the divorce - seeing as hes taken this badly. You cannot carry on putting up with it, you sound young so therefore you shouldnt be looking after him, he should be looking after you as he is the parent.. Have a chat with your mum, im sure everything will be fine when you get it sorted :)xx1
Far too many liberals enjoy drunk driving (Ted Kennedy ) to even consider it. They would much rather go after the second amendment.3
Depends a lot on how they are using it. Poor, or well to do, and have more access. You will see the physical changes in temperament early on. Take occasional photos and compare. It shows there. I saw it in my brothers HS yearbook photos. My brother started drinking at a friends house when he was 12 or 13. Was an alcoholic by the time he was 15. Kids in HS get it faster than an adult would, the younger have more plasticity of the brain, I guess is the reason. So at the house where my brother drank, the older kid, my age, died suddenly of a heart attack at age 49, was an attorney. My brother was 54 when he died, was poor and living off of state aid. Had to be middle aged when he was in his late 20s.0
none
Being an alcoholic is actually pretty cool, you should play it up at the reunion. Youll probably get invited to parties.0
I made the mistake of marrying my childhood sweet heart after 2 years i finally admitted 2 myself he was an alcoholic raised by alcoholic parents & with alcoholic siblings, but i thought i could change him i could make it better, our birth of a son didnt make it better, he stole the rent we were lucky 2 have food, heat,water, electricity,it never gets better, hes doing life in prison now becouse of an life altering thing he did while drunk, i divorced him so i could raise my son in a home with a sober parent food 2 eat heat 2 b warm & electricity, & rent always paid without fear of moving yet again. Yes leaving is hard but u deserve 2 be happy,2
yes. do not drink the night before.USMC 2002-2006.1
none
Prohibition didnt work alcohol still found its way into the states drugs are ilegal and they still get in so banning guns wil not work they stil will get in but then only the bad ones wil have them and we will have way to protect ourselves also cars kill people also and theya re not baned planes klll people and they are not banned many tings kill people and thea ll are not banned4
99.9% of them are lawyers and they would have never allow it to be voted in and it is an invasion of privacy. A urine test is about as far if that is all you may end up getting from them and even that there has to be at least one who would sound like a pig under a gate saying his/her privacy has been violated. The magnitude of cost is another issue even with all these budgets cuts. What few states now require urine test to get a welfare check has already caused and outrage and has not stopped much of anything yet. But I do agree with you in part they should be held more accountable for their actions.2
Sounds like youre trying to get someone to write a paper for your economics class and you dont understand the concept of "supply and demand." Good luck with that.1
historical reasons0
none
Hey, I dont think that this small quantity makes you alcoholic. This is really small amount and only twice in a month does not makes you addicted.2
send her to rehab or have a long meaningful talk with her0
none
Arms traffickers mostly.0
you are young and i think your liver is just fine. im in my 40s and have been drinking since i was in my teens. ive hit it pretty hard too. i pretty much stuck with the beer though. i have recently had blood work done and it wasnt as bad as i thought. the first answer is right, but im living proof!0
If the Navy banned alcohol, expect 90% of all sailors to separate when theyre done with their current contract. Same thing with tobacco. That would leave like 5,000 people to man the 300,000+ positions left in the Navy after the mass exodus. So no, the Navy isnt banning alcohol.3
The gov. does not give any money AA dumbass.4
People who want to by-pass the stomach know how to do so. If you have a grudge against a drunk, I suggest you see a therapist. Wishing people dead is pretty twisted - and you are pretty transparent.4
Need more info, as there are varying degrees of FAS. My child has a lot of the symptoms which can be like ADHD and Asburgers and oh in laymans terms: Bouncing around a lot and getting lost in his own world. His official diagnosis at this time is RAD, and if youre adopting, you need to familiarize yourself with all these terms, because even the "healthy babies" turn up with some alphabet soup diagnosis by the time theyre in school. Adoptive parenting isnt for the weak at heart.3
OK you have an issue the fact that you ask the question is a good first step. You should see your GP or the person who prescribed the methadone. Tell them the issues your having and how your self-medicating. The question isnt which is better but when your liver gives out what are you going to do? you have the possibility of correcting both issues go do it.50+ BAs Psychology Sociology 3 yrs therapist.0
none
Id discuss it with a Doctor and do what he suggests. The longer you wait the harder it will be to get over the Alcoholism!Native American Shaman0
No. NO. Just. Stop. First of all, where did you get the idea into your head that weed was even REMOTELY okay???? Alchohol, although not healthy, is, much better than weed. For one, weed is against the law, and alcohol, is not. So much better NOT to be in jail. You know that if youre caught with it you also have to pay money to the cops. No. Just stop. 1. 15? Really? Dude, get a life maybe? this will most inevitably waste your time, money, and youll be flushing your life down the drain. 2. Nothing. Dont get it. Its expensive. Youll get caught up in something. Dont you watch movies?? 3. A4 copy paper. Get some crayons man. Maybe a therapist. 4. Uh, NO. Do you WANT to die??? 5. No. Why? Maybe because its against the law? and, itll make me sick? resulting in even MORE money lost??? THIS IS HOW THE WORLD MAKES HOBOs MAN. THIS IS IT.COMMON SENSE MAYBE?2
Maybe. I was raised Atheist. Maybe I am just rebelling by being a fundie Christian.2
Best thing to do is be honest <SEMCOL>) i1
none
You are right that they have the right whatever they want to do You cant change them . I would say that start writing a blog . confusing ! . When you will write blogs that will give you pleasure and you will get busy in promoting your blog and will not consider those disturbing boys . I am telling you this with my personal experience as a blogger0
well technically, alcohol is bad for you2
No u just want alcohol... Alcohol addicts have it everyday.2
Alcohol is a depressant. First and foremost. Though it may make you feel better for a night or a few hours, but in the long run, it makes depression worse. I understand your pain, trust me, I totally get it. I turned to alcohol for a while but it didnt help me in the long run. Now if you want to stop, I wouldnt recommend going cold turkey. Wean yourself off if it, maybe only a few nights out a week, then maybe one night out, then maybe a few beers, then maybe just one mild drink, and then you can crop completely or drink lightly only on the holidays or special occasions or never, whatever your personal preference is. Something to kill depression...friends who care about you, expressing yourself through whatever makes you happy<SEMCOL> for me, its writing, drawing, painting, anything artistic. Exercising also plays a huge part in alleviating depression. Exercising releases endorphins, which are like your bodys natural "happy juice". If all else fails, I would consider going and getting some help. Maybe try a therapist who specializes in Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. It will kind if rewire your brain into thinking differently, so those depressing thoughts arent always screaming at you. I hope this helps, message me if you need any further advice.Personal experience1
none
I answer you pass = a driver that should not be on the road..0
none
People hate to admit the drug they use is worse then an illegal drug. Besides CO and WA..3
Marijuana Impairment the complete and continual dependence on a drug. Sickle cell Breast tissue Pain control excite Marijuana slow down the functioning of the central nervous system.1
This is the homework help section not the "do my homework for me cos Im too lazy to do it myself" What are your answers? Tell us and we will check em out.2
They are. The Teachers Union supports this. The public isnt supporting arming teachers, the NRA and redneck Cons are.0
none
It sure sounds like it. You can drink every day and not be an alcoholic as well. If you take a glass of red wine in the evening, every evening it would not be a sign of alcoholism. If you drink 1 beer with your lunch every day, its not a sign of alcoholism. When drinking alcohol becomes uncontrollable or interferes with your life, its time to see a doctor and make a plan to quit. Some people join AA, some people go to rehab, and some just say its time to quit and do it on their own.2
Its possible but just because they have had it dont mean u will. Just try not to worry to much.0
Not enough it seems0
Some drink it because... 1. They like the taste 2. They drink it to look cool 3. They are stressed out0
Open communication is best0
Mainly because you dont by booze from a drug dealer. A drug dealer pushes you to try harder stuff that is addictive so you come back and spend all your money with him. Thats why I like what Washington and Colorado did. Take it away from dealers (stores wont push you to try cocaine or heroin) and monitor the sellers closely. It will also drop the price dramatically!0
I think youd get better answers if you posted your question in the Health section. I hope you find the help you need.0
Liver Failure orrr you do something stupid while drunk1
Starts off at a young age, remember people dont drink because of the taste they drink for the effects.0
I dont believe the ratio of addicts amongst celebrities is any greater than that of the rest of us. Its just that theirs is more public because the media broadcasts it to the world.1
No - not really. Sometimes a guy just needs a drink - sometimes a guy just needs a big hit of marijuana, but that more harmless medication is illegal. Through life we depend on a lot of things.... talking to our friends when we feel lousy. Nobody imagines thats a bad thing. Obviously if youre drinking is out of control, then you probably have a case of alcoholism - its pretty common in this country - and then you DO have a problem and need to go to AA.2
You were wrong to ever date him!!!! He has always been a LOSER, you knew this and you still had kids with him. What does that say about you? Did you think you could change him? YOU made a VERY bad decision to be with him and now your blaming him for being who he is!! You need to ask yourself why you had kids with a drunk LOSER with no job so you do not make that mistake again!!! BTW, Leaving him was the best thing you could of done!1
Uh, I could drink like that till about 26. Now 31, I have that salivating thing after about 2-3 drinks/shots, so I cut back to 1-2 times a week and only have up to 3 drinks. Your liver has "scarring", and can no longer process the enzymes to digest it so it goes right to your bloodstream, toxifying your body. Mixing the alcohol w/ sugars=bad. Fruit sugars usually ok. I kill hangovers w/ Airborne. Kava kava is an herbal remedy for liver damage! Hope this helps.0
1) There is no such thing as perfection when it comes to any human. Every person has flaws, whether it is physical, emotional, or even morally. 2) There are just as many successful people who dont drink as there are those who do. BUT...if you associate with successful people who drink and you dont, they might hold it against you...and the opposite could hold true that non-drinkers might not like a drinker.0
That would be the best decision. You are not considered to be an alcoholic if you can stop drinking for three days - which in your case would probably not work. You should consult a doctor and talk about it to know how to stop. Good luck :)4
none
AA, rehab, jail...0
Alcohol is not the best thing when used in excess or frequently. While there is a greater risk of damage not only to your brain but to all of your organs with larger and frequent amounts of alcohol, any long term use can cause irreparable damage. There are studies that show small amounts of wine in older adults may help them stay healthy. But there is a reason that the legal drinking age is 21. People do not tend to finish developing until after this age. So any amount of alcohol is detrimental to a still developing brain. I will find some citations for this later on today and write another post if possible.0
none
Yes. & yes.2
none
Wait until your 21 youll be glad you waited2
Some people can smoke pot an handle it fine for years.On the other hand I have seen users decline at a rapid rate an cannot function in society.0
Best thing to do is to sober up for yourself. Take it one day at a time. Attend AA meetings and dont talk or hang out with people who drink or use drugs.http://www.aa.org/catalog.cfm?origpage=1   0
none
Theres nothing wrong with you being concerned for him but it shouldnt interfere with your life at home. You need to talk to your dad about quiting for the sake of his health and if he refuses then whatever happens is on him, even if you dont talk to him its still wouldnt be your fault. Parents shouldnt need parenting from their kids and unless he WANTS to quit, then nothing can make him to it. You need to realize that hes not your child and not your responsibility and even though you worry about it, You shouldnt be at a place where it messes with your marriage but i also think you husband is jerk for saying something like that, he should be helping you with this so that you wouldnt need to be on here asking strangers for advice. Anyway, you need to make a conscious effort if you want to get past this. Dont see him as your child but see him as man that even though his situation is bad, he made and makes his own choices and all you can do is speak to him about making a change and thats about it.0
none
No0
none
Try to get help. Try to stay away from it. If your addiction is really bad you should go to rehab.5
talk one on one with her mom and dad, this is nothin to play aroiund with0
none
Dave B is a moron. Completely disregard his answer. He knows nothing about the DISEASE of alcoholism. If you do get symptoms go to detox and they have drugs they can give you to help you get over it. There is a very simple way of finding out if you are an alcoholic. If you try to quit and you cannot. So think back on this moment in a few weeks and you will know the answer.2
May I suggest mental hospital?7
Nope. Alcohol is used in many great things, including antiseptics, preservatives, fuel, and antifreeze. Its quite the compound...6
Ya, it will take a day or two before you get back to normal.0
Your moms boyfriend sounds like an ******. Hell only be getting drug tested if he in drug court, which is unlikely if the conviction is assault, not an illegal drug charge. Unfortunately, I know quite a few people who have taken drug classes but none have ever stayed clean. If your mom is staying out all night and hiding what shes doing with signs of extreme drinking or drug abuse, then there probably isnt anything you can do. It sucks. No one has ever gotten clean by order of someone else. Try to keep your head up and take care of yourself. Your moms bad actions dont mean she doesnt love you.http://www.experienceproject.com/groups/    http://kidshealth.org/teen/your_mind/fam   0
UUs usually have the same opinion as blondes about such issues. Do you know what blondes think about those issues? Edit: Blondes dont have a unified opinion on such things. UUs generally dont try to get their members to agree on things -- thats what they are all about -- individuality. The only thing they need to agree on is respecting the varied opinions of everyone else. So, the denomination is neutral, but members can have varied opinions. However, that one thing they have in common is a typically liberal viewpoint, so a poll would probably show them as more liberal than conservative on the issues you mentioned.1
none
Someone is who is addicted to alcohol.0
Yes they do. For example smoking will make your lungs turn black and makes it harder for you to breath. When it is harder to breath you cant get all of the air required to project your singing voice. Drinking and drugs also affect your singing in different ways.0
Well they are both rather harmful to the body. MDMA is more damaging to the mind though, and can permanently affect a person with things such as depression, anxiety.0
none
After days of drinking, quite awhile back, I had the DTs. As I shook and started sweating, I saw.. My mother-in-law. naked, with a box of condoms, calling my name, and coming after me with a huge smile on her face. Yes, you do see "things" coming after you. Havent drank since.My own experiences.0
The answer to one of your questions is, you dont need to stop. Its your life. I used serious products for decades, but only stopped when it "quit" working, in the worst ways. Much of what you say sounds like excuses, however. But I had them too.0
Homework question. Do your own research!1
none
yes2
"Special" is a good movie, stars michael rappaport1
If you are a Christian then you should seek help from your church. If that isnt possible you should find a good bible believing church. In the meantime, trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding but in all your ways acknowledge him and he will make your path straight. I guess love your husband. Show him what Christ is like. Put yourself aside and serve him and you will probably see results. Try fasting and praying and trusting God. You can do a Daniel fast where you only eat fruit and veggies and seek the lord. He is faithful.2
http://www.drugabuse.gov/drugs-abuse/alcohol and there are even more websites on here...good luck with your paper!0
none
none
You mean steal alcohol. If youre going to be a low-life thief, at least own up to your actions. Heres hoping you get caught.5
Welcome to the consequences of sin.. its not pretty. It was all rainbows and sunshine for a while though wasnt it? Eventually it all comes crashing down though... tends to have a big ripple effect too. How do you deal w/ it??? Learn from the mistakes of your parents. See what it did to you and your siblings, pray for them, vow to live a better life. Ask God for the grace to desire this, its the start of wisdom.0
You know no one who can offer her a job? you are right not to keep letting her live with you, but you also have to know that she needs therapy for her self esteem issues. And rehab is only good if she will take it seriously and do the work to get herself together. There is only so much you can do. After that it is up to her to want to change and make something out of herself besides an alcoholic and druggie. Set some boundry that she will be responsible for keeping or she will be let loose and not taken back again. like find a job within the next month and keep it for at least 6 months. and/or stay away from drugs and drink for a year and/or do not date until you are cleaned up and sober for 6 months and/or what ever else you think will help her do one or two at a time though so as not to sabatage her efforts. do not back down from your boundry. she must know she is responsible for her actions1
none
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms should be a convenience store, not a bureau of the Federal Government.5
it might...the 1st 3 months are the most critical....but even light to moderate drinking any time during pregnancy can be dangerous not every woman who drinks regularly during pregnancy will have a baby with FAS. I know many women who have children over 35...very few (no where near 70%) drank at all during pregnancy--even only once or twice....and those that drank at all had 1 drink before they knew they were pregnant-----they didnt get drunk. while it is true not as much was known---many women just didnt customarily drink, but there are references to avoiding alcohol during pregnancy back to biblical times....modern knowledge was noted in 1899...a time when alcohol was not as widely available and mostly consumed by men. of course the damage would be less if it was only 1 time. the child may appear to be healthy--but you dont know if they would have had an even greater potential. and i would think alcohol poisoning could kill a fetus....even just 1 time....if it could kills 1 time...there can be damage 1 time. the effects of FAS range from mild to severe. I knew a girl, while having learning disabilities, is able to live independently, have a regular job, etc.1
If you really want to get better it can happen. Temptation is everywhere dont take it. You may think "Ohhh its only one drink Ill be fine I can control it." but it is very hard. Not impossible just hard. It can happen just stop at one. I was in the same boat. You are never truly cured but you can learn to cope with temptation.1
Alcohol is a depressant, it affects serotonin uptake in the brain and is why people taking anti depressants are told to avoid the stuff. In addition the diuretic properties have a dehyrating effect that can make you uncomfortable as well as needing to urinate itself a disturbing factor. The solution is in the question. Dont drink so much.0
If you drink more than one glas it  s abuse.0
Im with Rob on this one. An addict wont change unless he wants to (obviously, your boyfriend isnt ready to stop being an addict), and the verbal abuse is totally unforgivable.2
if u have family member besides brother, skip the drinks. simple. you can learn ways to handle stress and life challenges besides drink and other drugs.been there0
Maybe a week or under. It might be in your best interest to stay in house on your own or go away for a few days have some you time. Stay strong and just say no. Its hard but you can do it. Good luck X0
A private school can refuse to do business with you for any reason at all. There is no law that regulates suspension from a private school.1
none
none
To you, heavily drinking (yes, getting drunk is heavy drinking) 3 nights a week is casual. In real life, that is a lot. You should try at least cutting back on that. Even though you may be fine right now, that kind of drinking is dangerous. you are killing your liver.1
Nah! Well I get drunk every Friday and Saturday night. And I have gotten drunk on several occasions during the week and have been hungover at work. While hungover at work I had to find several different hiding places so no one would see me curled up in the fetal position trying not to puke. So I may be an alcoholic. Boku wa aruko-ru izonsho!0
It feels gooddid heroin once,1
Question- how has our world changed so much that kids now need alcohol to have a good time1
I dont know of any. I would say that learning to apply personal responsibility to ones life is key. Keeping relationships and personal interactions clean is another. And integrity. Saying what you mean and meaning what you say. choosing friends wisely, interacting with others in context of wholesome activities may also help.0
yes, because it is a strong fragrance it harms you by damaging your brain cells.1
Oh oh! Crank by Ellen Hopkins. Or go ask Alice I forget who wrote that one but yeah youll love those1
troll. if on offhand its not: Just ferment your own.0
Banning guns wont "solve" anything. Columbine happened during the last so called ban. The only thing banning guns does is keep law abiding citizens from being able to defend themselves. The crooks will always have guns. Look at Chicago<SEMCOL> strictest gun laws, highest gun crime. There is no evidence that the banning of guns has any effect on crime. period.3
I think it may have something to do with their bodies get used to it so in turn become immune0
Im an avid drinker (8 to 10 12oz a day). I would say one way to decrease tolerance is to go without for a bit. Rate of drinking also has a lot to do with it, and on an empty stomach you tend to use the drink as a sort of "nourishment," meaning that you drink it faster. None of this is healthy nor recommended. Im just answering your question. Rate is probably the biggest thing and you cant just increase that unless there is plenty of "room."1
none
21, the brain is developed, as are your senses of judgement. 21, keep it legal.0
Its called an " addiction " and should try some fine herb my friend :)3
Sweetie! u seriously need to get ur mother some help. i sincerely apologize. my grandmother just dies from alcoholism and my uncle dies when he was 33 of vodka...u need to tell her how u feel or turn her in. especially the poisening thing tht u can use. u also need to move out asap! tht is not helping u at all. u need to move away from her. and get ut siblings out of there. do not kill urself..whether u believe it or not u have a full life ahead of u.Been there0
search the web for Al-Anon. Its a support group for family of alcoholics. You cant make her get help but you can talk with other children of drunks about how to handle all of this.0
I feel reassured that you dont have any drug experience since you dont seem to be aware that vicodin and cocaine have very different effects. If you took some vicodin and got high, after you took a shot you would most likely pass out. If you smoked, did some coke and took a shot, you would feel very good, high and probably want to go dancing.Regrettably do have experience, long ago thankfully.1
I am sorry about your plight. There is no easy answer. If you want to save him he has to recognize what he is and what he is doing. An alcoholic has to want to be helped. Go to AA and get advice - on a possible intervention, a treatment program, etc. If he continues and doesnt want help then you need to divorce him. Then one of four things happen. He recognizes his problem and somehow fixes it, 2 He doesnt recognize it and stays drunk and along and without money till he dies or 3. you find someone else who will love you and your child. 4. You raise your daughter alone and do a good job. Good luck1
The CAGE questionnaire, the name of which is an acronym of its four questions, is a widely used method of screening for alcoholism. Two "yes" responses indicate that the possibility of alcoholism should be investigated further. The questionnaire asks the following questions: Have you ever felt you needed to Cut down on your drinking? Have people Annoyed you by criticizing your drinking? Have you ever felt Guilty about drinking? Have you ever felt you needed a drink first thing in the morning (Eye-opener) to steady your nerves or to get rid of a hangover0
none
neither. im a TV addict.3
I doubt alcohol causes high cholesterol although if you are looking for evidence you could look up homocystein levels & what vitamins help lower them or raise them. I forget how homocysteine levels work on cholesterol. I do seem to remember Vit B12 & folic acid help raise them I think which is good if I remember right. So you could claim to your mom that she is washing those water soluble vitamins out of her system by drinking so much unnecessary liquid. Alcohol dehydrates too so she is drinking even more liquids to rehydrate. Sounds like BS doesnt it, but if shes sauced all the time, she may beleive it. If you want my honest opinion, shes lucky she hasnt died from cirrhosis of the liver already. Shes like millions of Americans who smoke & drink, they are self destructive & theres nothing you can do about it. Im sure shell just do what millions of Americans do all the time & not change their behaviour one iota except for to take a pill & think all their health problems will just magically disappear.0
I dont do any of that stuff. I wont lie, Im curious to know what beer tastes like, but I agree with I dont see a need to be drunk. I dont see why people would like to do crazy stuff and then not even remember what happened.1
none
To be honest, it doesnt sound like a very good idea. Scenario: You take a shot every morning to calm your nerves. It works for awhile, but the effect wears off after an hour or so so you take another shot. It wears off and before you know it, youre having to repeat the process throughout the day :/ Im not thinking that it would lead to alcoholism, but at the very least it would be expensive too keep up. Also, what if someone at work notices that youve been hitting the sauce?1
14 would probably be an older family member or stolen from parents. Once youre older maybe 18+ then you might have friends willing to buy you some if you pay them. It helps if you dont get into any trouble drinking so they can trust you and feel safe buying you the alcohol. It is definitely illegal and important that you keep the drinking at home and nobody drives.0
Shi tty childhood that i wanted to block out. Didnt work though. I learnt its better to stay in control of your mind and deal with stuff and then try and move on. It never goes away but you can store it in a box in your brain most of the time.0
none
none
none
You still want to be a friend with this guy?... well, I admire your attitude and realise he may once have been a very good friend which means you have to turn him around. Try confronting him again- its obvious he has issues- bring up his parents and the losses of your friends. If he is even slightly sober he should understand the ethics of his crimes if nothing else. He needs to change anyway, for himself and not for you and as I dont know your case personally, my words will be no use to you- think about what you say to him( maybe even with another close friend for support) and make your case clear. I wish you both good luck.0
A fetus is not a child...2
Idk. My dads brothers are that way. I wouldnt exactly call my dad skinny. But my uncles are like toothpicks but strong and stuff. Like when my dad goes into the bar to get ice or something and he tells the bartender his last name the bartender cant believe hes a brother to the others because of the difference in the body size. Big tall nonalcoholic dad vs skinny tall alcoholic uncles. Lol1
Usually people dont leave a marriage and their family because they "think" their spouse is an alcoholic. This isnt about your husbands drinking or not drinking........its exactly what you said "I know this will hurt them but I dont care anymore, its about me and what I want". If thats how you feel, probably the kindest thing you could do for your family is pack your bags and leave! By the way, if your husband was an alcoholic, most mothers wouldnt want their spouse to have shared custody! This is a problem with YOU, not your husband.3
You need to know that these chemicals alter your brain chemistry. Stuff like this can happen. Id tell your psychiatrist and possibly change medications as this may have serious side effects.0
none
If you notice the bar in this pic. you are an alcoholic http://www.demotivationalposters.org/alc   1
Not0
none
So kick him out. Change the locks. Dont let him back in. You can move on and find someone who will treat you right.0
none
maybe because you knew the consequences but still drank?... i dont actually know i am just guessing. hope i helped in some way :)0
none
The problem is that he was unhappy enough that he felt he didnt have anything in his life worth staying sober for, to avoid losing. If he quits now he still lacks whatever that something is that is missing in his life, and he loses the short term escape and relaxation from being drunk. If he heavily drinks caffeinated beverages, other energy drinks, smokes cigarettes or otherwise uses stimulants then from a relaxation perspective it would help if he cut down or eliminated those from his life, then the agitation they bring wont need to be counteracted by alcohol. As for the psychological aspect of using it as a means of escape, thats the harder thing to tackle. You dont mention how old he is, where he is in life, what he has to lose, what his goals are (or were that have been lost). It is unlikely he can be a "normal moderate drinker", at least for a a while. People who drink heavily can sometimes become light social drinkers, as-in replacing a single beverage or two with dinner with a glass of beer or wine instead, but someone who gets black-out drink cant usually scale back to only the same level as average drinkers around him because once you go there you cant make small steps backwards, your body just responds differently. Above all else he needs a plan to get from where he is now, to having whatever is missing in his life. If he doesnt know what that is, then it is probably one of the age-old things like stable job, true love, stable (sane) girlfriend, education, abusive parents, or for younger kids it could be bullying at school or an alcoholic adult, or even peer pressure to drink. We really dont have enough information, if there were only one situation with one cause and one solution then everyone would know what it is, but you probably already have some idea since you referred to him as a "problemed drinker". Most people want the same things in life, what doesnt he have? Theres your answer.2
It makes you better looking.1
Crack babies0
seek professional help, go to a doctor.0
Very difficult. My mother was an alcoholic (almost drank herself to death on more than one occasion, would get the DTs when she didnt drink), and my dad couldnt take it, he divorced her, and she never forgave him for it, and she ended up dying in her 40s. Tell your gf she either gets help, or youll leave her. I guess thats just about your only option. Really hope it works out ok for you, sounds like you care for her a great deal, so she is quite lucky.0
Alcohol1
What kinda help are you expecting? When you did your thing, you did not think and now you want other to think ... Hmmmm... nah.. you have to face the consequences. Make sure you dont do this foolish thing again. There are a lot more things in this world to be sad about than what you are being sad about. Think about it.0
Yes. Over drinking causes brain cells to die, and a new study two weeks ago showed how drinking ANY Alcohol will increasing you risk of Heart and Cancer problems.2
No medication, especially a controlled substance, goes well with alcohol. This combination increases your chances of respiratory failure. I wouldnt do it. Then again, drinking 6 - 10 beers is also inadvisable and dangerous. This amount of alcohol contributes to risky behavior such as use of other drugs, driving drunk, and promiscuous sexual activity with accompanying diseases. Drinking large quantities of alcohol also harmful to the body. If this is a regular activity for you, I recommend AA.RN0
Four days? Drank a half liter a day? Have you checked your blood pressure? Listen, they dont send people to rehab for alcohol abuse because they are weak willed. They send them to rehab because their blood pressure can shoot up and they can stroke out and DIE. You are still in the danger zone for a little bit. Thats why people say "see a doctor". Yeah, Im serious. Now if you want to be a stubborn hard *** then 1) make sure you eat a lot sugar, it helps. I think I ate a pound of M & Ms every day for the first three months. Didnt matter, I was too nervous to eat, so I actually lost weight. 2) Lot of people who get sober cant pull off doing both and dont quit smoking until they have a handle on sober living - you might be asking too much of your rattled brain to be giving up both at the same time. So if you think you need to have a drink, have a smoke - first things first. How long will you be anxious? No way to tell - but you drank to deal with it, now you have to learn to deal with it otherwise. I would highly suggest you contact a support group or AA - maybe you can do this alone, but why would you want to?1
No one can Just say how long this will last dont just stop drinking cold turkey slowly take on this task one or two beers on the weekends sounds like u need a new hobby get healthy is all I can say it will save your life yoga eating healthy can due wonders for your self ah steam best of luck0
none
Why would you marry an alcoholic? Why would you have a kid with an alcoholic? Why would you have a second kid with an alcoholic? You CHOSE this loser. Despite what you moronic women think, you cant CHANGE a person. You made your bed, now lay in it. Edit: The truth hurts. I find it very hard to believe that a 32 year old man went through his 20s sober as can be then became an alcoholic. If you dont want to lie Im the bed you are in then leave. You say the birth control didnt work... Well who put the gun to your head and told you to continue having sex with an alcoholic?Heres a novel idea. Why dont you stop having sex with an alcoholic/abuser and maybe you wont have another kid. That or why dont you mix in some birth control? And people on Y! Answers tell me that women dont love deadbeats/alcoholics/abusers/losers HA HA HA0
Alcohol is bad, m-kay. Ends up in sadism, sodomy and sudden infant death syndrome.0
you will be fine0
The way your mom lives is not a normal life. Just because she is able to go to work and exercise does not mean that this is normal.0
none
You get expelledIm a principle0
Yes or mug a wino0
none
Very sad. If she doesnt get help, she will die soon. A bloated stomach is a very bad sign.2
none
none
While you have feelings for her as a friend, the best thing for this girl to do is seek professional help. She may have developed some mental issues that you are not properly trained to diagnose or handle. The best thing for you to do is try to be supportive in suggesting she seek the help she needs. When someone develops an addiction (it definitely sounds like it to me), theyre usually the last to know. Thats why its so hard for those to recognize & accept whats happening to their lives. Also, try to seek out a support group for yourself. It cant hurt. Dont try to fix the situation yourself. Its too much. Youre only one. You got enough courage to ask for help here. Now take that advice & use it for your sake & hers. Good Luck!12 Step Living, Peer Recovery Coach0
I like throwing in Metal Churchs debut and playing along with the complete album. It really helps me escape reality... (the jones is the hardest) http://youtu.be/YvGEkXPQYoQbest wishes1
Please dont try them, it will only get worse! Try getting involved in something that will make you fell better about your self like helping out at the food bank or Salvation Army, there are lots of things.0
not a stupid question at all. Some things are classified as physical addiction. Cigarettes is a good example of this because when a person is a addicted to a cigarette, and they dont smoke for along time, they get a CRAVING for one. Cravings usually show its a physical addiction, it becomes something their body needs. They can get cranky with out one. Then you have mental addictions. Theres also another name for them, but i forgot. See alcohol, if you go for along time with out, you dont really get cravings (except for some hardcore alcoholics who have a case of shivers, but thats extreme), but when they use the alcohol to talk bravely to people, and act tuff, they become relying on the alcohol to put them in that state again where they feel brave. thats a mental addiction.1
Me and my girlfriend are having major relationship issues. There are a lot of underlying problems, little things we have both done wrong in the past but recently Ive become aggressive towards her when highly intoxicated with alcohol (shouting, verbal abuse and hitting walls). Is this down to my loss of inhibitions or am I a horrible person? This has never really happened to me before and I wouldnt consider myself to be an aggressive person at all sober. Im taking actions to stop drinking altogether because Im scared of how I act under the influence. Unfortunately I am surrounded by a drinking culture at university. I feel it may be a result of me bottling up my anger at issues when sober and then allowing all the problems to build up for when Im drunk. Im really worried about it and feel very guilty and like Im a terrible human being constantly. Do I need psychological help? Anybody else had problems like this?0
none
substance abuse counselor0
No, thats a stupid question.2
Well i live in Australia where when you turn 18 it is legal to drink, and i have found that the.majority of the population have settled down by the age of 21as in have good jobs, a family, completed uni do therefore are not in lets do everything stupid party mode when they are 21and settling down when they are 40. I started drinking at 15 and now 23 been there done that years ago :)Straya!!0
its nt too much u afto space urself of the amount u r drinking for the day0
none
none
Nothing will make an impact on teen until something happens to make them want to stopJunkies I go to school with0
none
She couldve thought she was probably and then found out she was after the blood work came back.0
Better to consult the physician.0
none
Why do shopaholics still shop? Why do workaholics drop like a rock when they no longer can work? Why do social outcasts hate confrontation? Why do washed-up singers still put out bad recordings? Why do haters hate? Why do lovers love? Its a disease. The alcohol is poison. A person conditioned to it will depend upon it, as it has impaired judgment of the diseased so much that they will stop at nothing to feed the disease.1
none
just stay away from drugs please1
none
plastic surgery does wonders for people with money..http://hollywoodnose.com/plastic-surgery/keith-urban-before-after-facelift-botox1
Thats a good question! My grandfather on my moms side lived 5 years longer than my grandmother and he was 13 years older! She was heavy and didnt drink/smoke... He drank and smoke all day.... I think everybody has a vice and hers was food.... Could be wrong but perhaps he was less stressed since he was always drunk.... She was prob super stressed because HE WAS ALWAYS DRUNK.0
This is a terrible idea to drink again. I am an alcoholic and drinking a beer right now. If you have been sober 2 years what does a few drinks do for you. The problems start when you take the first drink if you are alcoholic. If you have had problems in the past it is not worth it to find out. On the other hand if you just want to go out and get pissed do it. I drink to get drunk. the fact you are stressing over this leads me to believe you may be alcoholic. Normal people/drinkers would not have a dilemma like this.1
Yes you will get really poorly if you dont stop drinking. You will damage your liver to the point where you will need a transplant or you will die. You wont be able to stop drinking on your own. You need to go to AA and try to take your husband with you.1
The American Christian right tried that, when they amended the constitution to declare anyone drinking beer to be an anti-American traitor (18th Amendment). It didnt work. It failed so badly that it ushered in an era of armed criminal gangs that still havent been defeated. Although nowadays the Christian right like to blame immigrants for the gang culture they established by trying to enforce religious law on a democratic country. For better or worse, alcohol is part of most Western civilizations culture.0
http://www.health.qld.gov.au/atod/1
you really need to get the money, meths on its own is a dangerous thing .which I expect is helping to make your breathing bad.0
They are equally deadly if continued.1
none
Because thats someones way of either hiding from something, or a way that some can interact with other people0
A downer   depressant.0
none
I should say death comes to mind. The serious effects only happen from misuse and overuse of alcohol. They range from injury to self and others to life of misery.0
8it will shorten his life expectancy. They say smoking legal cigarettes cuts 15 years off, so weed is stronger so itvis definately not good.0
My son found out that it takes at least 14 days to get a clean test. Advice for the future... never do drugs/alcohol and youll never have to worry about it.2
none
you and ur family are nightmares.0
Cigarettes kill some 400,000+ people a year in the US alone out of which almost 50,000 are from second hand smoke. Not illegal. Something is wrong here.0
none
Most substances are abused due to their psychotropic affect / effects ... some even beneficial<SEMCOL> most r not! Drug companies are also a factor to be considered ... huge, and competitive<SEMCOL> they push for the enormous profit motive. The resultant cost(s) in terms of out-of-control rampant commercialism cannot even begin to be calculated in terms of the resultant victims and societiies human misery! And, do you really think the authorities (the power brokers) care? Or, are they also profit rather than ulturistically motivated!? ALL drugs are poisionus in one way or another<SEMCOL> thats why they work!Life.0
You could always be a counselor or something else dealing with mental health. To tell you the truth, Im a psych minor thats pretty f**ked in the head himself, which is a pretty interesting experience when you get into the abnormal and developmental psychology. I suppose if you really want to help people in the manner that you describe, you should get into psychology. Its a burgeoning field with many possibilities.Personal experience, advisor.0
none
Im a capricorn and I hardly drink alcohol. I only drink that stuff once in a while and its usually for celebrating.1
17 years old and Irish. Looking forward to those times <SEMCOL>) dont come off it all together. Cut it by like half and go from there. Give your liver a break by taking a two day- three day break or so every week at least. (I know it sucks but thats how it is..)0
You must be a teen. "Alcohol isnt intentionally designed to be addictive like cigarettes are, so how can people get addicted to it so easily?" Neither is opium, cocaine, or a million other things people get addicted to. There is almost certainly a genetic component to alcoholism.0
Really?!?!? Rapid heart rate is not good. I would consider going to the drs. Most importantly stop smokingBrain1
Because it causes brain damage, psychosis, paranoia, memory loss and more.1
Not in the true meaning of the word "disease". They have a substance abuse problem.1
As an atheist I treat women much, much better then what the old testament tells me to do!7
Its happened before the world was not better.The world will never be "better" when you impose your personal ideas of what you can or cant do with your own body on other people.1
0
It contains lots of dangerous chemicals that creates a reaction with your organs, causing your organs and liver to do things its not supposed to do. Causing your liver and possibly other organs to fail.0
Because your body refuses it.0
call CPS CHILD PROECTIVE SERVICES they will help you I am sorry I hope everything gets better. dont be afraid pick up and call them now!2
Yes, your mom definitely has an alcohol and/or narcotics problem. Almost a classic, clear case. And yes, its rare for an alcoholic to stop at only one drink.0
Heavy alcohol abuse means its abuse, it is so abusive it ruined your health, so why would you drink again anyway, does a dog drink poison, no, its your own fault, get some brains or it will eat your brains good luck aa, God, and health0
none
I hate to be the bearer of bad news but youll NEVER discourage teens from drinking alcohol. And why would you? Alcohol, like most things, is absolutely fine in moderation.1
none
Not necessarily. First of all, there is no way to prove when the alcohol exposure caused the damage, and for many women, they drink alcohol in early pregnancy when they dont know they are pregnant. So are you going to charge them with a crime when they didnt even know they were pregnant? Can you prove that she knowingly and willingly put her pregnancy at risk? I mean, its different if were talking about some chronic alcoholic woman who drank throughout the entire course of her pregnancy and refused to seek help for her problem. At some point you have to look at individual circumstances. And considering our justice system, punishment doesnt do anything to help people with drug and alcohol addictions. Not saying she shouldnt be punished, but it wont fix the problem of her drinking and wont improve the life of the child. People need treatment for their addictions.1
Instead of being charged with a crime, perhaps she should receive treatment in the form of rehab and get some support to help her stop drinking and be a capable parent. In order to cause enough damage to create FAS a woman has to drink an enormous amount per day - throughout the pregnancy. Often the amniotic fluid has an alcohol odor to it as well. This baby needs a great deal of attention and care as FAS children often have developmental delays. So, clearly a woman drinking to that degree needs a significant amount of help<SEMCOL> perhaps having a baby is the thing that would inspire her to change her life.CCE: see profile for more details.2
Im pregnant with your baby and Im keeping it0
No we shouldnt do the vending thing.6
False.1
Im not old enough to drink, but I know what 10 is. Puking. Vomiting. Throwing up. Up-chucking, whatever you want to call it.0
you cant change people. you just gotta accept the truth and accept her for who she is0
none
Sex1
actually, this was tried in the 1980s. 1985-1988. sugar disappeared ftom th estores. people kept 50 kg sacks of the stuff. now a little lesson. Russians MAKE things. women bake bread. bread needs YEAST. yeast EAT sugar and poo out ALCOHOL and die at 15% concentration. Russians also know how to distill spirits and make sugar water into rum, flour sour mash into vodka, wine into Konyak. (Cognac is only from France) Russians dont call it brandy... France allows "??????" for Russia and a few other countries. IT DIDNT WORK! is the simple answer.7
Well the abstinence bullshit hasnt done much to stop teen pregnancy has it? Teen pregnancy in the USA is very high, and STDs are spreading. It hasnt done much to stop people taking drugs either. The whole idea, in both cases, is infantile. Im amazed people can bury their heads in the sand and stick so childishly to ideas that dont work, and dont make sense when you look at people in an adult way, as the complex creatures we are. Its only with over-simplified morals, and pretty loose n shaky logic, that you can expect rubbish like "Just say no" to work. Particularly when so much of human makeup makes us want to say "yes" and enjoy doing the things we say "yes" to. Showing scary pictures doesnt work. When you know dozens of people who have sex, smoke, and take drugs, and they dont all look like horror-film freaks, you start to get the idea youve been lied to. Which you have. And sensible people dont believe lies told by lying liars. Anyway... my point... so many people think like children, and want to treat others like children. Its never going to work, but has so far been successful in creating a right old pain in the ar$e.3
Requiem for a Dream (2000) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0180093/ Candy http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0424880/ Trainspotting http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117951/ Little Fish http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0382810/ Basketball diaries http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0112461/ Havoc http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0285175/ Traffic http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0181865/ Alpha Dog http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0426883/ Kids http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0113540/1
Everyone has the potential to become an alcoholic its just whether or not you follow in their footsteps2
At some point it becomes an actual addiction. Hardcore alcoholics will literally start shaking if their blood alcohol content drops too low.1
Eat good food, and take multi vitamins, i never took alchohol, so no experience, but my answer should help you,0
I think false.0
Because its fun!3
He needs to see a doctor0
he must see a lot of doctors<SEMCOL> different doctors0
Sounds more like diabetes.0
Insomnia is one of the symptoms of withdrawal of alcohol. If you can hold on not to take alcohol for one month all withdrawals will get faded away.0
none
Someone has to confront him and tell him he cant keep domineering the family. I guess that should be your Mum but may be you as the most responsible male family member? Try to persuade your Mum for both of you to sit down with him and tell him what a selfish pig he is. Perhaps get other family members to join you, so there is a bunch of you<SEMCOL> he cant retaliate on you all! Sorry to say but your Mother has encouraged this drinking. She shouldnt drive him to pubs and certainly not spend all evening there. And if hes lost his job, where does the money come from for all this drinking? Its not cheap these days. You say your Mum works works, so its HER money hes spending! She should stand up to him and tell him there is no more money available.0
One SIP and youre addicted for life no way to lose addiction besides killing urself0
First off, alcohol is a drug. Dont separate them like alcohol is its own category. In many cases alcohol is more dangerous, addictive, and harmful than some of the illegal drugs. Why do you prefer a certain food? Why do you prefer a certain sport over another? Just as these questions are a matter of personal preference and choice, so is using drugs. Some people use, and some dont. They can be used to escape from problems, or just to have fun. There is no one reason why people use drugs. Some of the problems you stated are not from only drugs, but the corrupt and misguided legal and societal systems in place today. Does it make sense to jail people just for having a drug on them? Would it not make more sense just to take the drug away and then fine them, instead of costing the state thousands upon thousands of dollars to house users instead of focusing on murderers? Is it not ludicrous that child molesters can and have gotten out of jail sooner than a drug dealer? Rehabs are full because many people choose that over going to jail, or their parents make them go. There would not be as many overdoses and deaths if people were fully educated upon the dangers of the drug, and were able to get a pure drug from a store than wandering down in the ghetto. The whole War on Drugs is a huge failure, and always will be. Using drugs is NOT morally wrong. Committing crimes to get a fix or letting drugs rule your life is when using is morally wrong. Responsible, safe drug use should be allowed in our society, because if we can drink a highly toxic, yet legal drug, and smoke a highly carcinogenic and cardiotoxic drug, then we should be able to use any drug we please. It is our body, not the governments. We should be free to do as we please with our own bodies, regardless of the harm. Why are we able to risk our lives for countless senseless purposes every day, but cant simply snort, smoke or inject whatever we feel like? As a whole, society is quite naive and ignorant when it comes to drugs.1
No, you are definitely NOT the problem, or even part of the problem and if you had a job, your dad would take your money and spend it in the bars, too. It is your parents responsibility to keep you up, at least until you are an adult, not a child (legally). You CANT help your dad with his alcoholism, so dont even try, just join Al Anon, (or whatever it is called) which is for the family of the alcoholic and part of AA (alcoholics anonymous) to help the family members. You need them. Good day.0
Because its illegal.2
none
It is absolutely dangerous... Not just because she can die in an accident because of the alcohol... But also because of her HEALTH... She is killing her kidnapping...0
Just be straight-forward and honest to him. Sometimes it helps to speak out a little more.0
Yes, because when somebody uses a substance so heavily (such as alcohol or cannabis and even caffiene), their body develops a tolerance for it, meaning that they need more of it to feel its effects. So an amount of the substance is what they need to feel normal, therefore if they suddenly cease use after such a long time, they feel withdrawal symptoms.0
Yes since your 15. You will probably get a bad liver when your older.0
Alcohol is always bad for everyone. So the doctor advice is good. You need to make some thing so that your father can get rid from alcohol. You can change your father mind make some good work. It would be best for change your father mind. http://disease-symptom.blogspot.com0
Because it is illegal to smoke/drink when you are underage, and I dont want to go to jail. It is also an expensive habit that I cant afford. The idea of doing drugs or getting drunk and loosing control of my body scares me. Cigarette smoke burns my eyes Alcohol tastes disgusting. The most Ive had was a couple sips and it tasted like chemicals.4
none
Keep drinking man, its awesome! hahahLive0
Is the urge to drink coming from peer pressure or do you feel like you need a controlled substance to feel good? You can be an alcoholic if you have trouble controlling yourself around alcohol or if you compulsively drink, but if youve never actually acted on these urges its tough to tell. I would not suggest purchasing alcohol (as you are both underage and have an addictive personality) but I think you should treat alcohol as if you do have a problem. Simply stay away from it. It wasnt going to do anything for you anyway.0
If its worng thing to do i reakon report it!.2
Maybe you need to go see a doctor for your over active mind. He will give you a prescription and you can get addicted to that. alternatively, you can get off the internet, off your mobile phone, and get an interesting hobby. Get out and get some air. You are just bored.0
Yes alcohol is considered a substance in this context0
I would say so. It would become the second most common drink, after water (being free.) The culture would probably adjust to it somewhat, but this would take time. Alcohol tends to increase family violence and all around stupid behavior. Obviously not everyone is affected by it in the same way, but there are always those who are. I think a lot of people would die from alcohol poisoning, especially since there are many who would drink themselves stupid if they could these days but cannot currently afford to. Sad times.1
My answer is alcohol also. But if youre in a mind set that you need a buzz to get through things, it doesnt matter the drug. Alcohol is more dangerous, more addicting. But I have done some crazy things for a nice bowl of weed. But not as crazy as alcohol. Alcohol is one of the last legal drugs in the U.S. Scary if you think of it.0
Its very scary that a person who is studying pre-med has to ask others if alcohol and drugs can lead to memory loss. This is absolutely horrifying and there should be some type of further testing to prevent people like this from becoming med school students, seriously.0
none
none
He has liver damage, and is an alcoholic.0
It is a healing process, and that is the only thing that is known about it. Let me look a little further on the details, and will edit this. Alcoholic hepatitis is characterized by a variable constellation of symptoms, which may include feeling unwell, enlargement of the liver, development of fluid in the abdomen (ascites), and modest elevation of liver enzyme levels (as determined by liver function tests). Alcoholic hepatitis can vary from mild with only liver enzyme elevation to severe liver inflammation with development of jaundice, prolonged prothrombin time, and even liver failure. Severe cases are characterized by either obtundation (dulled consciousness) or the combination of elevated bilirubin levels and prolonged prothrombin time<SEMCOL> the mortality rate in both severe categories is 50% within 30 days of onset. Alcoholic hepatitis is distinct from cirrhosis caused by long-term alcohol consumption. Alcoholic hepatitis can occur in patients with chronic alcoholic liver disease and alcoholic cirrhosis. Alcoholic hepatitis by itself does not lead to cirrhosis, but cirrhosis is more common in patients with long term alcohol consumption. Some alcoholics develop acute hepatitis as an inflammatory reaction to the cells affected by fatty change. This is not directly related to the dose of alcohol. Some people seem more prone to this reaction than others. This is called alcoholic steatonecrosis and the inflammation probably predisposes to liver fibrosis. Arghh... This does not include Hep B, which is 90% curable on its own. (HB is a much better diagnosis than HC and others).0
Alcohol has depressants in it thats why most people become addicted to it.0
none
so he absued you and you think he is a good guy? hello did you ever think that you drink because of him? as to calening he sounds controlling and abusive you drink for you know this deep deep down you use alcohol to numb the pain HIS PAIN TO YOU get out and dont touch another drop until you love yourself you dont owe HIM anything..he owes you1
Because marijuana is deceptively dangerous and contains more harmful toxins and more harmful effects that have long term consequences. Just because something is natural doesnt mean its good for you.2
Kyle, I feel your pain and desperation. Please know that God is with you and he will help you if that is what you want. Lots of people on this site tear people apart so please dont delete your question.1
No. Alcoholics drink every day or every other day because they cant cope with their problems.0
as an alcoholic and a former 25 year old, Ill tell you that if they do not desire to change the behavior themselves, nothing will. Now, mind that Im male, and when I was this age, and did stupid ****, it would cause physical altercations with people (usually men my age) and everyone hated me and wanted me gone (I lived with my parents when I was 26-27 [Im 28 now]) In two years after everybody finally had it, I got a DUI for drinking and driving. I was drinking rum while driving, and ended up getting into a fight with the cops. They only charged me with DUI and obstruction of an officer. I had 40 hours of Community Service (the hard labor kind) and 3 years probation. I dont even remember If Im still on probation, but I can tell you, I turned my life around since then. I now live on my own and have stable, gainful employment. Also, I dont drink and drive anymore. But I WANTED to change. So I did. Either make them want to change or get out bro. I dont know how old you are and how few or many your options are, but it sounds like you need to assess that FIRST. You can always give her (your GF) an ultimatum, you know, "Its her or me" , but thats a little passive aggressive. I would say yell at them both (or all three) and maybe shake the saucy one up. Its a ballsy move these days, because, if they arent the type to call the cops, theyll respect you for crossing the line to keep **** straight. Or they have you arrested for assault and probably wring your wallet dry. At least yell at them. And dont be afraid to be cruel. Sometimes on people that emotionally and physically inebriated, you have to do something quite profound to get their attention.4
You need 2 leave before he kills you and hisself! Why are you on the Internet and not packing your clothes leaving his ***! No woman deserves that pain! You deserve better. He attacking you and you call that love? Love dont attack, hurt, deceive you. Dont say a word n just leave. There are a lot of dudes killing their girlfriend on the news. We all would not like to see you killed by your boyfriend. I pray for your safety. Leave leave leave!0
Yes.0
Yap it can.0
wouldnt it be easier to cut spending in half?4
Alcohol is a poison, when it enters your body reaction is to neutralize it as if you were intoxicated. Alcohol kills blood cells, damages your liver, digestion system, creates blood clots and eventually results in brain damage. You can rarely find truth about how it kills you because producing alcohol is as profitable as producing illegal drugs, weapons etc. So yes, it is a hard drug, in fact some UK studies showed that long term health and social effects even from so called "moderate drinking" are worse that those from cocaine and heroine! Dont listen to that BS about "moderate" consumption, its sponsored by alcohol producers. Any amount of alcohol causes substantial damage to your body! Alcohol has always and still being used as a crowd control weapon to damage people intellectual abilities and make human beings behave like slaves.http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-11660210 pubs.niaaa.nih.gov/publications/arh21-1   1
none
none
Your liver is the only organ that can fully regenerate itself. However, permanent liver damage is debilitating and irreversible. So, while it is possible to have permanent liver damage, you had to of abused alcohol for a very long time in order for that to happen.0
Yes their brain is still developing and could incur permanent damage from the consumption of alchohal.1
none
Depends if they operate heavy machinary or drive then yea a suppose it may be0
Sounds like depression , maybe thats why he drunk in the first place0
Check the warnings and interactions of your medication. It may say no alcohol.4
whats done is done yeah as for now you have to and you have to start reading Im the same age as you and Im doing my igces in a few weeks if youre gonna go to a new school dont tell them about what happened before until you can find a friend to trust and if gossip spreads be strong dont give in to alcohol and do not, i repeat do not get influenced.. i see people in my class come in as saints and leave as well the complete opposite if you want see the school counsellor from time to time and just keep your confidence up every time you see an alcohol bottle think " i dont want an ugly liver" or something tha will make you leave it and turn around talk to your family tell them youre sorry for what you did and youd like to stop with their support when (notice I didnt say if) you make new friends theyll judge you for your personality not your past my best friend was once like you, sre i was shocked when i heard her storie but in the end she was still my best friend and she turned a new leaf theres always gonna be someone looking out for you focus on your studies though!!!!0
I havent had any yet, surprisingly.0
none
Alcohol tolerance is a bit of a misnomer. The more times you get drunk the more familiar it is. The effects dont catch you off guard and you learn tricks to compensate so that you dont slur as much, dont walk sideways, etc. Essentially, its a learned ability to keep your **** together when youre drunk. Im 35 and Ive been drinking for a while. I make my own beer and I spent 6 years in the Navy. So, Ive had plenty of chances to build up a tolerance. All Ive really done is learned how to act and mostly seem sober, even when Im not.0
it always effects medulla oblungata which makes you lose control over walking and effects your liver.if young people consume they gradually start becoming dumb0
none
none
Beer is the best.me1
you were treated by a facility, so that throws your waiver out the window.2
They should go to social service as soon as possible to justify their absence.1
Years my friend. You just have to be diligent.Drug addiction1
At best, tell your counselor at school. For moral support, email me at kittenmitten@cox.net. I will give you my phone number. I am so sorry for you. But I go through divorce so remember that we are with you.0
You are doing a great job in getting yourself off alcohol and I am rooting for you to be 100% sober. If you go to AA they will want you to stop drinking completely. I think you might want to speak with your doctor and consult with him or her about how you are doing and what next steps you should take. I think that medical help will really give you assistance and hope in becoming 100% sober. Since you dont have a doctor in the area call your insurance company and find out what doctors you can visit in your area. I want to wish you a lot of luck in your struggle and keep up the good work and dont become discouraged.0
RTFB0
Congrats to your husband. You should look into Post Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS). Its a long process (6-12 months) of your body stabilizing mentally, physically, emotionally, etc and adjusting to sobriety. It can definitely affect libido. Recovery is a lifetime commitment. Maybe you guys could seek out counseling to help with all your needs? Good luck to you both.0
!2 steps works decently enough however, I believe it to be kindergarten for sobriety. If you want to rid your self of these needs then you must go to the root problem. Many times its lack of self love, gratitude, and any presence of God in our lives. I know it sounds crazy but I dealt with a slew of addictions throughout my life both substance and behavioral. It wasnt until I discovered peace, love of self and others, and spirituality that I was able to truly detach from those urges. As wild as it may seem . . . what have you got to lose?20 years of addictive behavior to either or in concurrent combination of: cocaine, alcohol, relationships, sex, gaming, etc.0
none
none
You could try role play. Or you could have a quiz game about the facts and myths of alcohol. Just make sure that you dont minimize the seriousness of the issue. Another thing could be to ask other R.A. and even your dorm mates for how to make it interesting.0
none
1. At 14, you should not be drinking. Go watch a funny movie. Life through the teenage years is not easy but its a journey that comes with a lot of perks jf you give yourself the chance to look. 2. long term: liver disease.... if its dead youre after, buckle in because its slow and painful. Diaper changing and all. Drunk does not necessarily mean not intoxicated. Either way both are dangerous. Being high or drunk impairs your judgement short term. Impaired people are easily taken advantage of while people have lost their lives thanks to impaired drivers. It is also a very costly social habit. On the flip side some people use it to relax, I.e drinking responsibly after you hit legal age.life experience.0
none
none
Did you eat the bar food? could be food poisoning0
I am very sorry to hear about your father but as you said, it is not likely that he will get better. Ive been in the medical field for over 20 years, Ive seen this with seniors. When it comes to the stomach, pancreas or liver, there isnt much more to be done. My own grandmother died of pancreatic cancer and my cousin died from stomach cancer. These are really tough to cure. My suggestion to you and your mom would be to call your local Hospice and see what options they can give you. They will not only help your dad but also give any assistance to you and your mother such as counseling. Take care.0
none
If its a school trip, only rubbing alcohol. No school allows anyone to bring any alcoholic beverage.2
1. You shouldnt feel bad, you should feel worse. 2. You must not even look at the direction where they are. 3. Itll make you feel good now, but itll make serious damages to your body, especially brain. 4. Next time? dont even talk to people like that!1
whoa whoa. whoa. dont give the government any ideas now. I can not live without my liquor. You make a good point though. Alcohol causes a lot of car accidents and deaths every year so I dont know why the government is okay with it being legal.0
Alcoholic behavior exhibits violence, immaturity, disrespect and self centeredness. Alcoholics tend to hurt other people who they think are hindrances to their drinking and the people who oppose what they say or believe at their state of being drunk. They say the things they want to say and most specially the things that they are dying to have but just cannot get it for themselves<SEMCOL> just like a kid who throws in hissy feats when they can   t get what they want, only in the most violent way!0
none
90 day suspension for underage drinking. Not sure about the open container. Youre allowed to transport (and sell) alcohol at the age of 18. If you were walking down the street with the alcohol they can bust you, but many states let you transport it in a vehicle, especially since transporting alcohol can be a entry level job.0
Vicodin has Tylenol in it bad for the liver even the kidneys. Alcohol and codeine is a respiratory depressant dangerous.0
Drinking beer doesnt make you an alcoholic. Making uneducated and biased claims does make you an idiot.4
It depends on which state but the fact is in most places youre much better off refusing the test. The implied consent laws are rarely enforced. The loophole is that the police must have reasonable grounds to administer the test and its possible to challenge their reasonable grounds. Youre likely to get arrested for refusing the test but your chances of having the DWI charges dropped are better if you refused the test.2
Drinking. Grew up in a house full of alcoholics. Smoking doesnt hurt much more than the smoker. Drinking hurts many people.4
none
Make different colored squares. When you land on a certain color, youll draw a card and this could equal one alcoholic beverage which puts you back a space. If you get a certain number, youre dead. LolIm making a game board for my Careers class0
none
Trust me your fine im Irish by your reckoning wed all be alcoholics lol0
In modern day America pretty much any one of these drugs can be bought for a relatively affordable price. Drug dealers have made it possible for more people to afford them which in turn increases their sales. I would say the more expensive drugs on your list are cocaine and mushrooms. A nights worth of cocaine for one person will probably cost you a minimum of $50 while youll need about that to get to people high on mushrooms. The rest of the drugs will usually run around $20 to get one or two people high for a night except for crack which is the cheapest of all. A $5 crack rock is all you need to get high, which is one of the reasons it is probably the drug of choice by homeless people begging for change.Years of experience0
You do not sounds like an alcoholic.0
none
My favorite singer amy winehouse from uk. She died though0
none
none
I am sorry. The best advice that I can give you is to seek counseling for yourself to cope with all of those horrible memories that have traumatized you and your siblings. You will have to come to terms that she will never acknowledge all the pain that she has caused. She was drunk and she might not even remember, particularly now that her brain is affected. You will have to find it in your heart to forgive, so you dont carry such heavy burden anymore.1
You may be fine today but it will catch up with you. So quit. Plus it is a expensive0
Well tobacco and alcohol kill more people, but only in large quantaties. My gran is 80 and she has smoked for 60 years and drinks wine every week and shes still very fit and active0
No, he looks like a tool. You should be worried about Bonnie and her itches.0
google delirium tremens3
Its best to keep the alcohol content in the drink as high as possible. That leaves more room for food and water which youll need for body building. Dont drink more often than once a week.0
Youre screwing your bowels, stomach, throat essentially your entire digestive system. Also its not good for the liver, pancreas, kidneys and your brain. I highly recommend a high fibre diet and to take a multivitamin pill every day. Probably the worst effect of alcoholism is malnutrition. I drink about 2-3 times as much as what you do.0
no and yes1
none
see a doctor0
go to an a.a. meeting i hear they are good for that kind of stuff and look into some other programs to try to get help.0
none
none
Not at all. Jesus drank wine at a weeding in the bible.2
2 cans a week is not alcoholism lol. you are fine.1
none
Rehab...no other easier way1
Im a lot like you, Ive experimented a lot but Im in all advanced classes and doing well in school and Im completely happy with my life and choices. Parents always tell you not to give in to peer pressure and to think for yourself...but they kind of ignore the fact that doing those things can be a personal choice not influenced by anyone else, and if you go against your own desires by listening to them...well, youre not exactly thinking for yourself, are you? Sorry, just had some tough conversations with my parents haha.Would you mind answering my question? Its kinda long, but I could use someone with a similar perspectives advice.2
Im a libertarian, and Im all for less laws, less regulations , smaller government - and less government involvement in peoples lives.. but there has to be limits - I dont want children of 9 years old able to walk into a store and buy a box of matches, cigarettes and a bottle of vodka. certainly not a gun ! common sense trumps ideology sometimes. there has to be a line.2
Im guessing they like it. Thats the only explanation I can think of.0
No, I dont get along with Addicted people. Idk anyone who has a fixed sign "progressed".0
none
none
Im 17 and have never tried alcohol. Alcohol poisons your body... not good. Just drink orange juice instead. Tastes better, why not?0
none
Cutting is a pointless escape. Drugs and alcohol can be used in moderation. But cutting is just ignorant and cowardly0
It just depends on how much you drink a day! It only partly depends on the dependance of alcohol but mainly how much you consume.0
hello? hes god. he knew everything.0
no alcohol but cigarette is okay. since u r new in islam I will recommend u this book on www.createspace.com/4030107 its about the evidence of islam & its quran vs bible im sorry I didnt read all that. may allah guide u assalamualikum............1
Ive never met a woman that tasted as good as a good pint of beer.1
I have a brother that drinks and he was about to lose his children. I raised two of my nephews and they were a thorn for years. she wont and the rest if the family are starting to turn on me & blame me saying Im making it worse but Im scared to risk her being around my baby and my family. This kinda things happened about 20 times so I know she wont change. My advice screw them all, your family comes first. I actually got a no trespassing order to keep some of my family away.0
Alcohol tolerance is built on stamina as well few minor things you can do to avoid getting drunk like one never drink sitting down because we stand up doc of hits you and then thats when you get noodle legs and fall over. Never drink on an empty stomach. I fall by these out barely get drunk lol. And I drink a lot0
When one considers that alcohol is a toxin and not even good for humans, then the answer is YES !!!!1
none
none
"Just say no!" We tell people this all the time, especially young adults. However, that saying is easier said than done.0
the only thing that worked for me was A.A.0
none
none
No.you can chose your life style as you want.no genetic factor in this alcoholic problem.0
There is no such a thing as an alcoholic! Excessive drinking is a symptom of other issues and if you have a problem you CAN stop on your own!http://www.orange-papers.org/ https://rational.org/index.php?id=10
none
How broke is your local system? If they have money, your likely to go to jail. If theyre broke, they extend probation.0
none
none
yes - when I was working I had two supervisors with drinking problems. one after two years of excessive absences and almost weekly counseling was fired. the other acknowledged their problem and asked for help, as far as I know they have been sober ever since alcoholism is a progressive disease, if you dont get treatment it will kill you. the thing is you have want the help, nobody can make you do it. it cannot be cured but it can be controlled1
Rehab, counseling, keep alcohol away, and if depression gets bad... Hospital.0
See another doctor0
Hi Freedom Center, AFR here!0
In Church on Sunday.1
none
drowns my sorrows and helps me sleep4
none
you dont need to be drinking and i think your parents are highly irresponsible for allowing a 14 year old to drink, never mind at 13 at 13 you are a child, and a child has no place drinking2
none
To be honest. Yes. Only 1 sleeping pill & vodka with a mixer. I find some times it`s necessary for me just once in a while. Please never do it a lot,you could become ill. It`s escapism you want,not death.Then i sleep for quite a time. Feel better for it but some times a bit sick.Me wanting to escape from reality.Just for a while.Not often though.0
Not to my knowledge: the chemical imbalances typical of schizophrenia are not much affected by ethanol. HOWEVER, brain damage caused by alcohol poisoning and heavy use, can often be rather similar to schizophrenia in some respects. Alcohol affects the brain is a lot of different ways, some gross, some subtle. Its not as benign as many folks think or hope it is.Good general knowledge of physiology and matters relating to alcohol.5
I hate to be a downer, but you really need to remove this person from your life. You cant save him, he has to save himself. It is sink or swim, let him hit bottom. If you are unwilling to take my very sound advice than you might try Al-Anon. They are there to help the friends and family of the self destructive moron.0
It is almost unbelievable to read the kind of ill-informed and prejudiced rubbish posted by the likes of Helen and emi. To start with there is nothing illegal in your drinking alcohol in the UK where the minimum age is 5. Indeed, at 16 youre already allowed to drink in a pub or restaurant with a meal. And as for emis remarks, "...Drinking at that age isnt permitted for a very well thought out reason...." what a load of tosh! If there was an even moderately well-thought out reason then the minimum drink age would be the same the world over (after all, people are much the same the world over). But drinking ages vary from no minimum age at all to as high as high as 21. And of course there are many countries where nobody - regardless of gae - is allowed to drink. There is nothing logical about drinking ages. But your own problem has, I fear, nothing to do with the law and everything to do with your parents. I am wondering whether they are themselves teetotallers or whether they are just trying to protect you from your own actions. But your problem is really one of your relationship with your parents and all I can suggest is that you try to talk to them dispassionately about the matter and try to arrive at a sensible solution. Fighting them will not help you.I had very sensible parents who introduced me to wine at the age of 5 - in 1947 - and I am very grafeful for their sensible help and advice.3
none
Billions of people do not take drugs or alcohol. You are probably thinking of America and Europe.0
none
ask your parents, they will know1
Billy Currington - Walk A Little Straighterhttp://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/billycurr   1
Completely avoid alcohol in ll forms. Since it runs in your fam, you could easily become addicted after just a taste. When you become an alcoholic, your life will be in ruins and youll regret the day. Find better things to eat, drink, do... If current friends are drinkers get smarter friends. God is the ONLY one who knows what you   re thinking, how you   ve struggled and what you   re going thru. He loves you passionately and wants to be your BFF. He has a super-deluxe custom-made plan for your life that   s beyond anything you ever dreamed of. BUT He waits for us to ask. Invite Him into your heart<SEMCOL> ask Him to take over your life and your problems. Find a big, happy church, attend some groups and have fun. Youll find better friends there. Talk with the pastor or youth pastor<SEMCOL> he probably deals with this a lot and will have some good ideas. God loves you more than you can possibly imagine!! :)0
none
none
none
D1
Move with your mom, thats all I can tell u.0
Alcohol, drugs, and cigarettes are addictive. Starting to crave for something badly is a start of addiction. You need to start controlling yourself on how you can manage to stop the craving. Try making yourself more busy than before.0
none
Thats your body telling you that drugs and alcohol are not for you. Listen to your body. I never used to feel the effects of Marijuana like most people do. I realized that I didnt need weed, so I dont smoke it. And Im naturally confident. Alcohol tends to bring an unpleasant side of me out, thats why I dont drink.2
Speaking literally, any amount of alcohol is bad for your health. However, drinking in moderation once a month is unlikely to have any real consequence.0
Ok i thing your over analizing the whole drink drugs thing. One thing i will tell you one who comes from poor upbringings drink and drugs is always going to be part of poor peoples lifes more than any other social group it fits into the old saying i just do it to forget for a while0
none
have more sex or if you are so ugly and no one want to have sex with you you can try to masturbate, it is better than drinking :)0
none
Considering a Constitutional amendment was required to prohibit alcohol and another set to re-instate alcohol sales and consumption, it could be argued that there is precedence for requiring constitutional amendments to ban consumption of certain substances.1
You need a better way to treat your anxiety than alcohol. But yes, you will be fine without it. If you started shaking and hallucinating, I would say that you need to go to detox to be treated professionally. Those would be the things to look for. Now, for what you said about drinking on weekends: you need to stop looking at alcohol like that. If you end up drinking five drinks on weekends, then thats binge drinking and it may mean youre an alcoholic. You want to get to the point where you can have one glass and stop, and not every night. Otherwise, you might want to look for an online test for whether youre an alcoholic. Dont look at your family for guidance, they may have drinking problems.0
Its not wrong not drinking alcohol its actually helps you on your health and beauty for you and your husband1
Join acoa adult children of alcoholics so you can see for real that you are not alone. Children of addicts all have the same issues. Pop is an addict regardless of other health issues and this infects everything about him. You must learn as we all must to be in charge of your own self-esteem. Learn from criticism honestly proffered and let go the noise. You have to give it to yourself and not look to others for positive feedback. At work, this comes in the form of salary and advancement. Privately, it comes from how loved ones respond to your love. Ludicrous to rely on the changeable judgment of anyone as messed up as pop. You have to let go of your expectations that addict pop will somehow become TV dad. Say good-bye to the dad you never had. Once youve done this you may want to reset the terms of your engagement with pop. It is crucial you join this outfit, too, or you will repeat pops destructive pattern. Own what he has done to you so you can end its fx on the next generation.0
The blood travels to the brain, which means the alcohol does as well, and this in turn affects the nervous system, the centre of which is the brain.0
none
Quit trying to convince her and call her family or the police so they can get he comitted.0
You just for alittle alcohol poisoning. Drink alota bottled water an sleep it off.Been thier done that.0
Oh yes. It will eventually burn your brain cells.0
If his drinking gets him in trouble he is an Alcoholic, if not he is a drunk. He hides it because he drinks to evade life and everyone thinks it is so much better if they rub his face in it. So you drive him to drink more by bringing up the very thing he cant endure and you cant understand that. Most cant and never will. You are in fact torturing your brother and driving him further into the thing you "say" you hate but cmon dont you feel a bit superior because you can handle life without the drink? Now, dont you? Sure you do, so just keep bringing him down with his failings and boost yourself up at the same time. Oh, I drink by the by so I feel for your brother as I understand totally.0
Weed1
none
The answer to your question lies in a test. Dont drink for a week. If you fail then you may need help.0
You will most likely live a longer and more successful life if you drink very little or not at all. A lot if those people partying now will be doing the same thing in 10, 15, 20, etc years. Dont be pressured because other people are doing it. Im 33, and I wish I could go back and be able to look at alcohol/partying with a more mature frame of mind. There is a legal age for a reason.0
Ferment the fruits of your sorrows. The alcohol produced will be immediately absorbed by the soul, resulting in a quick hit and buzz.0
none
none
It will be okay. If you really want to drink, just dont drink even close to the amount youre dad drunk.0
1.Repeatedly neglecting your responsibilities at home, work, or school because of your drinking. For example, performing poorly at work, flunking classes, neglecting your kids, or skipping out on commitments because you   re hung over. 2.Using alcohol in situations where it   s physically dangerous, such as drinking and driving, operating machinery while intoxicated, or mixing alcohol with prescription medication against doctor   s orders. Experiencing repeated legal problems on account of your drinking. For example, getting arrested for driving under the influence or for drunk and disorderly conduct. 3.Continuing to drink even though your alcohol use is causing problems in your relationships. Getting drunk with your buddies, for example, even though you know your wife will be very upset, or fighting with your family because they dislike how you act when you drink. 4.Drinking as a way to relax or de-stress. Many drinking problems start when people use alcohol to self-soothe and relieve stress. Getting drunk after every stressful day, for example, or reaching for a bottle every time you have an argument with your spouse or boss.1
With bad records, sentencing would be more severe.0
if he drinks all day....is he retired or what?! how do the bills get paid?! first thing to know is, you cannot reason with a drunk....no way jose! you will need a family intervention. and when he is sober I reco starting out by secretly video taping him when he is drunk, and incoherent and when he is passed out. Video the liquor bottles all over as well. So it may take some time to get all the footage and get it edited properly. when you are drunk the world looks a certain way, when you are sober looking at yourself and you are obviously out of control, its a shock to the system...and just what he needs to give him the motivation then you will have to pick a time to show it to him when he is sober and has yet to have a drink..... you will have to decide whether or not to have just the immediate family there or the extended family and perhaps even neighbors there for the showing of the video. the video should put him on notice and give him a cold shot of reality to think about Id also get a hold of the folks at AA and get some feedback from them about options in your case. best wishesinquire at blue cross to see if you can have him committed to a sanitarium for 90 days to sober up and get treatment....but he has to see that video....hopefully he will break down and weep...that should make it easier to get him to dry out prior to joining AA or other group for support. its a terrible disease...I wish you the best0
The medical student has some valid points. However, from personal experience Ive experienced severe panic and anxiety from alcohol withdrawal. My whole body would literally feel like it was buzzing. This is the first time I have publically said this.... I have, in the last decade had to be admitted to hospital for alcohol withdrawal. Without medical help, true alcohol dependancy from a physical perspective can KILL YOU. In my opinion, this "legal" drug is dangerous. Even heroin withdrawal, will not cause the severe seizures of alcohol detoxification. As well, you are probably low on your B vitamins, (thiamine and such, too much booze can cause this). It may be that you are on the slippery slope, and now suffering from an extended kind of hangover. I got to a point that withdrawal symptoms would awake me... Id be vomiting, shaking, and just trying to put a glass of booze into my belly to stop the symptoms...I have experienced seizures from trying to quit on my own... I dont know whats going on in your life, but it is indeed a slippery slope when we "self-medicate" with ANY substance that alters us. I am a sciences degree educated paramedic and registered nurse in critical care, and have a ticket in drugs and human behaviour. I have 27 years of professional experience. I began to self-medicate to deal with the stress after serving in a forward combat area in the Middle East for ten years. It works for a while, my friend, but then it becomes a scourge. To my young med student.... Listen to the die-hard nurses when you get to your practical training.... My advice would be to not let your ego keep you from benefitting from their excellent experience. I work in a teaching hospital, and we pretty much run the critical care unit...(smiles). Take good care! Romaena0
none
none
none
Yes3
to lose themselves...people are generally tired of life and they want to lose control over themselves. Yeah: To lose control over themselves<SEMCOL> thats the answer.2
You got a tough job on your hand but I give you respect for taking care of the mother of your child an also your child. Im in no position to judge you but I would try to get some help.alchool can ruin and end lifes. I dont know if beers really that bad but my dad drunk a bottle of crown EVERYDAY for 16 years. Its a surprise he isnt dead but he quit cold turkey. No one can stop you from drinking but yourself!!!!! Thats all there is to say. Its your life your choices all I can do is wish you the very best of luck.23 years of watching it happen.0
Stop drinking **** booze kid.Alcoholic0
liver0
how about rehab? itd be difficult to get her to go. or call social services! anyway its not all buttercups and daisies for your mom too, its depressing and shes hooked so its really hard to stop. lighten up but yeah i totally agree0
Some people can tolerate it better than others or have a stronger immune system.0
Well, you should have a heart to heart talk with Mom if this is a genuine concern. In fact, talk to your other household members to see if there is a common opinion. Some people are highly addictive personalities and alcohol can be a dangerous habit. Ethyl alcohol is two carbon atoms, C2H5OH but does damage brain cells and the liver takes a beating to protect the rest o the body. One carbon atom is methyl alcohol and can cause blindness<SEMCOL> Three carbon atoms is propyl alcohol and may poison you if not kill you. If you dont want to drink anything, you are smarter than lots of others.Graduate Chemist and beer drinker.0
none
yes its bad and illegal2
none
none
NO - alcoholics never want to admit that they are alcoholics. Then if they are very unlucky, they die. It happened to my cousin when he was 45. So sad, such a waste of life. Thank your lucky stars that you can get out of this relationship. You cant make him want to stop drinking and you have told him why youre leaving. Nothing more you can do. And an angry man is one you do NOT want to end up in a relationship with.Experience of alcoholism. Very distressing.1
none
I dont know just pray he isnt0
Wish I knew. I have a brother whos showing every sign of being a terminal one. I think like a lot of things its just a matter of behavioral reorientation. The only problem being when theres no big daddy figure available to beat sense into them.0
none
none
I live in the U.S. and had a transplant, so I dont really know anything about how it is in South Africa. Your best bet is to call this family member and ask him/her about it and once he gets evaluated and accepted at a transplant center to receive a transplant, you can talk to his transplant team about the possibility of being a living donor for him/her. A person getting a transplant has to be sick enough to need a transplant, but healthy enough to survive the surgery. If the patient is too sick, they are denied the surgery. You will have to talk to the center about costs but here in the U.S., the person who needs the transplant has to get the approval from their own health insurance company to cover the costs for the donors surgery before they will get a living donor transplant. Everything has to be approved ahead of time. A typical transplant here costs $300,000+ and that doesnt even include the surgery of the donor at all. Thats a whole other expense for the insurance company.nurse and liver transplant recipient0
Many alcoholics have told me that drinking while youre depressed or upset is definitely not something you should do. Stated simply, this is the main reason they became alcoholics.0
Not sure where youre from but I also take medication for bipolar: Abilify, Lamictal, and Wellbutrin. My psychologist tells me that drinking on my meds is a bad combo. However, due to the disease I feel good on the meds and drink more because I know that since Im medicated I will feel even better drunk. The reality is you should stay away from alcohol because it deters the meds from working properly to make you feel better (in the long run.) On the other hand, I cannot preach as I am medicated AND intoxicated right now.On a side note, bipolar and alcohol/drug use go hand in hand so watch yourself.1
none
Men, Im pretty sure.0
first, you need to stop drinking. but your father is just worried, i hate to say this, but i dont think he likes what you are doing ot yourself, or what you have become. i understand about how he was before but i guess seeing you home again puts him in a state that makes him feel that if he lost you becasue of your alcohol addiction then he would be devestated. my advice is that you talk to him. dont yell or be defensive. just say, "dad, i no your not proud of what i am or what i was doing but you havent acted like yourself ever since i came home. im sorry, are you okay?" if anything, it may be because of something completely different1
5 years.2
none
none
Get him to hit up some AA/ meetings and ask there if he can get opinions on why noone will trust him. Denial. Stick to your guns, hon.0
none
For your own safety you need to leave and take your child with you. He is an abusive alcoholic, and wont change unless he wants to. Find an AlAnon group in your area and attend meetings (just Google Al Anon). Al Anon is a support group for family and friends of alcoholics. Since you have a child together, you cant completely avoid him, but the meetings will help you to cope with him, and help yourself set boundaries.Al Anon member. Same boat as you only without the violence.2
Compare the guy with urslf. If u r btr,she ddnt deserve u. If hs btr just frgt abt hr. She aint the only woman on earth n if ur relationship kept on, this coulda happnd at a crucial point. B thankful u ddnt marry hr0
The breathing difficulty should not be related to the liver problem. Its hard , just try to help your mum , be a friend to her , ask if you can help around the house etc. This will help you be able to talk to your mum , and just try to listen to your mum , ask her is she happy with her life ? and try to do something small for her , eg cook her dinner. Its not much but its a start.0
She doesnt love you get over it.1
Because if you know, question, ponder and understand things that are disturbing and sick you would probably want to escape somehow. Besides, who linked intelligence to either academic success or common sense?0
Stop and tell your parents about it. I went to a rehab facility because I started drugs and alcohol at 12. Now im 15. Maybe theyll try getting you into rehab. It really teaches you about addiction and why youre doing what youre doing. It takes hitting rock bottom for most people to want to quit doing it. But its not worth any of the trouble and you seriously need help. I wish I wanted to when I was your age. Im 3 months sober and Im still struggling. Its not easy, but damn sure worth it4
none
none
Just be safe and have a soda instead. Better safe than sorry0
What they say at AA is that there is no such thing as permanent recovery from alcoholism. There are alcoholics who never drink again, but never alcoholics who stop being alcoholics. If your mom went to AA, she should know that. But there is nothing you can do about HER drinking. She is the only one. But if you dont feel comfortable going out for drinks with your mom because of her problems with alcohol, tell her that. It might give her a reality check.0
none
mam your husband has a serious illness that cant be fixed in under 75 years. i suggest buying a kiddie leash to make sure he never leaves your sight for this could result in a relapse in his condition. or you can take serious measures and lock him in a dark room with water and a box of tissues maybe a granola bar if your feeling sympathetic. otherwise drive to the nearest highway say "look over there its some pills next to a playboy" he will surly proceed his way towards it and then you lock the doors and floor it and move to Norway.my husband has this strange but serious addiction, i now live in Norway, feel free to look me up i can hook you up with a bed. im sure my house attendent Arloof wouldnt mind an extra one of our kind ( we are building an army)0
none
I hate to say this but you sound young. If you have seen her abuse substances for many years. She knows she is a addict. Try & tell her lightly that you dont want to see her early demise. Shell know you care but dont hold your breath. I say this because i dont want to give you false hope.0
Do wht seems right. It doesnt have to be a bad thing if you dont let it be.That eye in the sky0
none
none
none
Yes yourll go to jail1
Thomas is wrong. it is not illegal to sell alcohol to an alcoholic. In most states it is illegal to sell to someone who is visibly intoxicated. You can not make a store refuse to sell to your husband. All you can do is ask but most stores would not honor your request. I suspect your grandparents lived in a small isolated town with few places to buy alcohol. Today there are so many places to buy beer that you would never get to every store.1
none
The best is to ask your therapist about this. I am not a professional in this field but I have dealt extensively with family members who have had similar issues. I am confident that your therapist will recommend that you avoid alcohol, especially given a diagnosis of depression. The anxiety is likely a complication of the depression and might best be dealt with with an antidepressent (assuming psychotropic medication is indicated) which may give you a feeling of well being and relieve your anxiety.0
Sounds pretty reasonable to me.0
none
none
I think that she has a problem. The only way to tell for sure is if she can go for a day or two without a sip of alchohal.0
If you can go without one or two for several nights in a row without feeling the need for one then you are ok Dune0
Here are some things for you to try on your own if you want to stop smoking. General: 1. Get plenty of rest. Smoking is one of the hardest addictions to overcome and you need all the energy you can get. 2. Addictions may be related to brain chemistry imbalances. Good nutrition is very essential, especially during the time you are trying to form new patterns of behavior. 3. Some habit patterns such as smoking often have triggers that go along with them. For example, sitting in a favorite chair or getting a cup of coffee, then automatically reaching for a cigarette. Try to look for these trigger emotions or habits that go along with your smoking so that you can avoid them. 4. Avoid being around others who smoke while you are trying to break the habit. Specific: 1. Decide on a stopping date. Tell others when it will be so they can encourage you. 2. Throw all your cigarettes and any related items such as your lighter or matches away. Do not put them where you can get them again "if you need them". 3. Do not drink or use any beverages or medicines that contain caffeine or alcohol. During the time you are trying to break your cigarette habit, using any other addicting substances will cause you to be less successful. In addition, this is a good time to strongly consider giving these habits up also, as they are strong stimulants to smoking. 4. Drink plenty of water and juices during the first week you are quitting. Try to drink at least 6 glasses of water per day. Getting the nicotine out of your system is helped with increased amounts of drinks that do not contain caffeine or alcohol. 5. At any time during the day that you are at work and crave a cigarette, take a drink of water and go for a 10-20 minute walk. If you are at home, take a cool shower. It is difficult to smoke while in the shower. 6. Eat simple foods such as salads, fruits, vegetables, and whole wheat breads. Avoid overly spicy and rich foods because they may contribute to the craving for a cigarette. Avoid foods made with white flour, white rice and refined foods. Without the complete vitamins, especially B vitamins, the body often develops cravings. 7. Do not skip breakfast and then go for a "coffee break". This is a sure time to need a cigarette. Instead, eat a hearty breakfast of cereals, fruit and whole-wheat toast. Avoid high fat foods such as bacon and eggs and pastries. 8. Go to bed early. An adequate rest may naturally help to reduce the need for a cigarette to keep you calm. 9. Thoroughly air out your house<SEMCOL> sleep with the windows open. 10. Dont wish that you could have "just one more smoke". Remember that you have just given up a disgusting habit that could kill you, and gained a freedom that will be with you for life, and improve your health dramatically. 11. If someone knows that you smoked in the past and offers you a cigarette, tell them that you are an ex-smoker. This reinforces your decision to be a non-smoker. 12. Ask God to help you. Many people fail at quitting smoking, but God honors those who trust in Him and he will supply all your needs, and help you overcome this habit if you ask Him. -1
most likely it will destroy your relationship. Unless you and your spouse discussed this and agreed before your marriage, it would be better to have it out now, rather than after the kid moves in. It might be wise to take the approach that it would better for the child to not be living with his daddy at 26 and allowing him to do so will just be enabling his addiction. If your husband is adamant, then at least insist that you both begin al-anon immediately...... you will eventually or be seeing a divorce lawyer..... after the bum destroys your relationship and your finances.2
none
Noooo. Listen, its like girls not having sex until theyre married. The poeple at their age think its weird, but when they get older, THATs what makes them "cool". Now people are completely immature. Im 18, and dont drink anymore because I realize its stupid and pointless. And guys that I meet love me for that because it makes me look good and not like those party girls that nobody ends up liking.2
What you should do is try to let your mother know you are there for her, and try to actually find out if she wants to divorce him. if she lets you know she does want to divorce him, than you should totally back her up. that family environment is not the best one, but also you should try to communicate with your father and let him see in what error he is in. Try to either go up and nicely talk to him, or all of you as a family confront him about his problem. if you had already try this than I honestly recommend you guys to get out of there, or at least find professional help for him. You can search up on the web or on centers that help people deal with this. I recommend you to be strong, and to not let this affect you a lot. You should try to be strong for your mother or even your dad. and when I refer to you not letting this affect you I mean as in, dont feel depressed or hopeless because theres always a solution for problems. you are not alone and good luck.0
Both apply - physical habituation requires increased consumption for the same kick - but then the liver starts to fail. Mental habituation certainly applies. Myself I like to drink but have no physical symptoms if I stop for a few weeks - but my head misses it - which is why I stop for a while just to break the habit.0
You have a boring-*** life.0
You are far from an alcoholic, though you may have potential of becoming one. I do highly doubt that as youre already fearing there may be a problem, while you havent even experienced any sort of devastation to lead to that conclusion. Addicts will generally deny, deny, deny - even when they have reached a point of being unbelievable to those around them. Alcohol is a fun as well as social thing and it is especially easy for those quite unfamiliar with alcohol to initially begin drinking in excess as they do not yet know their limits. Ultimately, if you feel that you may potentially have a drinking problem it would be more effective as well as safer to speak to someone physically who can offer some help.0
none
I used to know a beautiful blond woman who had a thing for guys with big noses. Your view of yourself is wrong. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You need to stop drinking, but I suggest you may be at the point where you should go the hospital to stop drinking safely. Look up AA or  meetings in your area<SEMCOL> go to the one of those and someone there can tell you what to do. Or call your doctor. Or go the emergency room and tell them youve been drinking for 3 weeks straight and need help. If you dont get sober now, you do run the risk of being an alcoholic, which is going to make your life a lot lot harder in every way, even in terms of meeting women. Once you are sober, go see a therapist to work on your shyness and your discomfort with your big nose. Its okay to be shy and have a large nose. There are people who like that in a man. If youre shy, you wont meet a woman in a bar too easily, but youll meet the woman of dreams at your job, your school, when volunteering, or through some other activity.0
Didnt read the whole thing, but to answer your question ... Hes an ALCOHOLIC.1
Because the govt makes trona of money off of Hess dangerous goods and they really dont care about public health<SEMCOL> its all about the money. I am a huge advocate for the banning on tobacco and alcohol.$0.02 1
they are both depressants and slow down your circulatory system and heart, basically, the body decides to stop breathing as the heart muscle relaxes. mixing drugs and alcohol is not always a good thing especially when they both have the same effect on the body.0
No its not an allergy. Its your mind associating the taste and smell of alcohol with the memory of getting very sick.1
none
sounds like it.0
none
Not safe at all. Oxycodone and alcohol mixed can cause respiratory depression and death. Many people have died from this. If you have never taken it before, your body is naive to its effects and more likely to experience these fatal effects.Student pharmacist0
Yes hun, first stage is usually always denial.0
Thats a good idea, except that people dont tend to abide by regulations when they think they know better. And weed impairs your judgment but most people smoking it dont think they are as impaired as they actually are, especially since they are able to be active even after smoking a large amount of it. And that is the big difference between it and alcohol. People tend to go on and on about how a person cant overdose on marijuana (which isnt exactly true) as if it is a good thing. But it is actually in their disfavour. Alcohol at least makes it so that a person will reach a level where they become incapacitated, but weed doesnt do that, so the person smoking it is potentially more dangerous. Sort of like how drinking coffee doesnt make a person sober, it just makes a wide awake drunk. And someone who has impaired judgment and motor skills AND is active is potentially more dangerous than that person when they arent able to be active. edit: I love how people say there have been no deaths due to marijuana use, but actually mean that people cant overdose on marijuana. There have been plenty of deaths where someone has been under the influence of marijuana and done something which has directly led to the death of someone, so being high on weed is potentially as dangerous as being under the influence of anything that impairs your judgment. Also, recent studies have shown that marijuana can physically damage your brain over time. Just because it is allowed for medical usage doesnt mean it doesnt have any bad side affects.4
easy because alcohol is legal marijuana is not legal the military doesnt make the laws, congress does if congress makes marijuana legal, then it will be legal by the military . 2. and alcoholics are weeded out of the military too, when they are found1
Cause they can afford it so its super easy for them. Us middle-class folk gotta stay in line cause we cant afford addiction. Sadness.1
You can drink but there will be consequences. Its not good for your health. Buddhist dont say dont do it or else some dark lord will punish you. No dogma.atheist/buddhist3
Youre looking at this in the wrong way. You need to stop drinking for yourself. Talk to your sponsor if you have one to get some support as youll need it. You need to get yourself to a point where you can go to an event like this and not drink and be o.k. OR drink and be o.k. You clearly arent there yet, so your sisters wedding is not the place to test it out. The fact that the wedding is today and your focus is on having a drink tells me that you arent at a point where you can handle it responsibly.8
none
Depending on why its being done, it deals with your personal substance history, the history of your family with substance abuse, or your present situation and how substances are used. Basically, youre going to be asked about what you do, what you have done, what you want to do, and your general control with doing it.0
Yes, it would be considered abuse. It is not safe and they can get alcohol poisoning or die.2
most everyone needs to get there drunken/slut phase out of there system and theres really no talking someone out of it. if you dont want a party girl then move on, because it will just hurt worse. so either walk away, or make sure your at least there for the gang bang sir1
I apologize if this is a hard response but you dont have a boyfriend - you have a son & hes got a mother. Hes not a man & hes happy to let you take care of him. It sounds like you dont have a lot of respect for him. I sure wouldnt. I would suggest leaving him & finding a real man who will love & care for you. A man you can be proud of.2
I believe its weed or nicotine. More people die from nicotine then alcohol1
Usually when someone goes through withdrawals, they have the worst of it for a day or two. Then it slowly goes away. But someones craving for something is much greater than the actual withdrawals. Im sorry!0
Its largely due to frustration. We broke treaties, chased them off of their land and we tried to decimate their religions. We put Mount Rushmore on what was, Indian Sacred Land.2
Im not sure why and Im sad about this. I grow up on the Pine Ridge Indian reservation and see it everyday. I have had cousins, friends, and uncles all die at a young age due to alcoholism. I myself dont drink but pray in the traditional way, and I always try to encourage others to stay alway from alcohol. But this is a subject that needs to be addressed on our people, and its not just alcohol but drugs as well. And another thing I would like to add, I get sick of it when people say we all drink when we dont. But it is a problem that we have to confront sooner or later.Me2
none
none
Yes it is safe to try, the risk of addiction is very real but you must realize that it takes the human body quite a while to form an addiction, but once you are there its hard to get out. This goes for all addicting drugs, once is not going to get you addicted.1
Tell him either he sorts his sh** out or you divorce him. Simple1
No. One thing to ponder: Have you ever heard of a heroin addict that DOESNT smoke cigarettes? I havent, applies across the board too.0
No, humans are mammals - Sex Humans are intelligent - Relationships Some humans are troubled - Drugs & Alcohol abuse1
LOL try 3 pints of beer. silly, you need to get out more. its one party, go crazy. just if ur gunna get drunk AND high on weed (which u probably wont from one puff of a joint) then u will get pretty ****** up. and cigarettes help intensify any drunk/high feeling you already have. 3 sips of beer, ur a stupid pussy. just go for it and have fun. try ur best not to throw up at ur first party, its embarassing. and make sure u have friends there that arent as drunk as you that can babysit u if u need it.1
Yes. I never could understand "under the influence of a controlled substance". Pharmaceuticals are controlled! It is kind of weird the world philosophy, backwards in many ways, Fred and Barney sitting at the fence smoking Winston cigarettes(Flintstones), targeting the kids for tomorrows profits ? Through the eyes of God a different view. It is still the same, "to procure for the lust of others". I see not what they do to the body, but rather what they do to the Spirit. Driving for a pro society, anything less is not welcome, JESUS CHRIST<SEMCOL> Woe into you Pharisees and scribes, for you compass sea and land to create ONE PROSELYTE, and when he is MADE, YOU MAKE HIM, twofold the child of hell as yourselves. The Pharisees and scribes who sit with Moses. Moses was denied for his offense against the rock, he was told to talk, not strike. To drag or prod is not the way. Kind of weird the youth of Jesus was hid, a model for parents to follow would be how Joseph and Mary treated Jesus.2
The government cant put a tax on marijuana but they can tax alcohol.2
Shallup . . .. i like my jd1
none
none
alcohol. porn is free0
weed, more quickly addicted i think0
none
none
Thats why people go to rehab, dude. alcoholism isnt just about stopping drinking. Its about getting the alcohol out of your body and then making sure you dont ever drink again - thats the meetings and counseling part of the process.0
They tried it, and it was such a disaster that the effects are still being felt to this day. America is a free country, it is unconstitutional to do it anyways., but Christians have been persecuting free Americans since the country was founded.2
There is such a thing as "intervention," and various treatment centers can give you information about it. Its a group confrontation of the person. Sometimes it works, sometimes it does not and the object of the intervention stops speaking to the people who confronted her for who knows how long. You might ask if you could take her to an "open" AA meeting. Look up AA in your area, make contact with someone by phone, and ask about open meetings. You would be welcome. She does not have to say she is an alcoholic there. If either of you are addressed in the meeting, just say you came there to see what AA is about. Chances are, you could both attend and not have to say anything at all. She can just observe. You can get various pamphlets from AA and show them to her. You can ask her if she would be willing to talk to some other woman from AA. If she is then the task is to find such a person<SEMCOL> often the local AA central office can help you with this. I will tell you though, most people from AA will not come out and talk to her unless she herself finally calls. Sometimes they will, if you were to call, but many times not. The way to bring it up, is to just bring it up.Im a member of AA for 30 years, sober.1
Yes, alcoholism is a physical addiction. Marijuana addiction is just psychological. And makes you an idiot. Just listen to all of them say weed is better for you than FILTERED cigarettes lol. They have no idea what they are talking about.4
none
Nope they have to make the decision to change you cant force it.0
none, an alcoholic is a person who has the disease of alcoholism. I guess the difference is one is a disease and the other is a person.0
Id send them to military school.3
heavy drinking for years almost everyday will ruin your liver. If you have a little bit now and then it wont majorly affect your liver as long as you give it time to recover. Having the odd drunk night out wont damage it too much.2
Some folks believe that Paul distorted the original message of Jesus. I thought Jesus was big on forgiveness, so it seems like drunkenness can be forgiven, especially if the individual repents. Then again, maybe Paul was only referring to unrepentant drunkards. Im not a Christian, but I was raised Christian and thats the way I understand it.2
Yahoo! Double points again! Find a detox and rehab center. They can help you quit.1
none
Then perhaps you would mind your brother or any family members marrying a DOG. Ha marrriage equality. Women drinking should be ilegal?????? Are you maf. If then answer why it would be legal folr men to drink????Change Your Mentality.1
**** her brains out2
I agree. It should be the other way around. Alcohol should be restricted. Alcohol is poison for your body, marijuana is not.0
none
..without his knowledge... That is going to be quite the challenge. Subconsciously duping somebody into quitting substances is a....feat. May I suggest Christopher Nolans wonderful film noir Inception for watching.0
none
I think he only condemns drinking to excess, not drinking in small amounts.7
Hell no.0
none
none
Of course he has a drinking problem! But, most of them wont admit it Proceed with caution and SLOW down!1
Well, you must control to drink as far as possible.0
Depends what drug, if its weed than Alcohol is much worse. If its like heroin or meth then those are much worse.1
none
You ARE an alcoholic. You need to get help. If you cant face your Dad, talk to a school counselor or a teacher you trust, or someone at your nearest church. This will NOT go away -- it will only get worse and it can ruin your life. Dont wait. Take action NOW. There are people and organizations out there that can and will help you.0
being an alcoholic is a coping mechanism so try to ask her whats gone wrong in her life and try to help her with it0
none
This is ridiculous. I know more guys that are "so addicted" to alcohol than I know females who are. Stop being a sexist idiot and open your eyes. Not just females are addicted to alcohol, but males are too. Most of first world countries population starts drinking as teenagers. A lot of these people grow out of that phase, but some of these people become alcoholics until they die.1
Its subjective but I guess when a person has a relationship with alcohol where alcohol hurts more than helps would be where I draw the line. Like a person who loses his job, wastes his paycheck, or becomes extremely violent and incapable of going a day without a drink as opposed to someone who gets a drink every once in a while to calm the nerves a bit.0
Weed and alcohol are bad. But theyre good for releasing stress0
none
If you are peeing A LOT and excessively thirsty, yes you could be diabetic. It is hereditary at any age.1
none
Idk but does seem kinda reckless (stay) Tru...Mixin booze & pills...whats da worst that could happen? ~Max Payne from Max Payne 3~ (stay) Tru...0
Yes you should. You will also probably be denied enlistment because of your alcoholic history.3
Yeahhh I mix before be careful not to od0
Talk about what is alcohol, different types, effects both short -term and long-term eg. cirrhosis.How it affects the youth in general, family problems, business problems, robbery, crimes, cost to the government or taxpayer, road accidents,modern day problems like as you said easy availability to young and finally mention where we are heading from now.0
You can stage an intervention, but in my experience people wont give up the booze until they want to. Let her know you know and are worried. And will give her full support when she decides to give up1
none
To temporarily escape the world. In reality they are evading it.1
none
none
none
1
none
Many of them lost good jobs due to layoffs, cutbacks and downsizing. Then they lost their homes and families. They drink to forget.2
It is another religious cult. They dont help drunks, they push the bible. None of those "helpful" Christian things like that actually help anybody except to push their god thingy. Christians, try being honest sometime, you may like the way people begin to treat you then. Say no to drugs and gods. Stay real.3
Nope. Although, being drunk was seen in bad light. Alcohol itself wasnt forbidden.3
none
$9,000 bottles of wine, huh? You dont say. You sure youre over 21? You sound like a mentally challenged tween.3
none
none
This is a very specific problem. Alcohol abuse CAN be overcome by playing video-games, because its a behavioral-issue. Alcohol addiction CANT be overcome, because its a bio-chemical dependency. Luckily for most people, alcoholism isnt usually an addiction(only 8% of alcohol abuse is actual addiction), but a behavioral-issue(most people behave poorly, rather than have a bio-chemical make up that is conducive to alcohol abuse), so you CAN replace alcohol for other repetitive behaviors to get away from the addictive behavior. So yes, it CAN help you overcome addictive behavior, to play video-games, or do other repetitive, and immersive behaviors.0
alcohol is metabolized in kidney so the main thing would be kidney problems anything like kidney cancer , kidney shut down etc0
Because your body is saying "What is this Sh**! "OVERLOAD!" and "BLECH!!"....thus your body is getting rid of the poison you shoved down your throat.0
Lighten up sweetheart. Life changes quite a bit from 19 to 25 and again from there to 30, and on and on and on. Youve got a long ride ahead of you and whats going on now will eventually seem like a hazy memory from an entirely different life.0
none
A Healthy Life possible YEARS added to your lifespan and statistically a high income and more wealth in the future bottom line. DONT DO DRUGS1
none
I have Virgo moon there and yea i did drugs for awhile, then afterwards stopped bc the influence was bad.Virgo moon in the 12th2
none
It is difficult to call someone an alcoholic. Only the person knows if their drinking is out of control. If the guy just has one or two drinks per evening and then goes home, he is probably okay. But if he drinks to excess every night, he may have a problem. The difficult part is watching someone we love self-destruct because we cannot stop it. There are Al Anon meetings for families and friends of alcoholics. You might want to check out a meeting and talk to some other people who are in similar circumstances.http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/ http://www.aroadtorecoveryrehab.com http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/alcohol   0
none
Please dont do some drastic moves. Life is so sweet to be wasted. You are very young,there are better years ahead of you.personal opinion0
poor education , lack of real entertainment , boredom could all be reasons years ago we had dance halls skating rings and comedy clubs that kept people entertained without getting legless Russians drink heavily too dont they6
First of all, it is not your fault your mom drinks, and it is not your responsibility to get her to stop. Only she can do that. Im really sorry to hear you have such a difficult life. I have always heard good things about Al-Anon, which is an organization to help family members of alcoholics and drug addicts. They have a branch called Alateen, which is for teenagers. The link to their website is below. You may get some help by looking at what they have to offer. Good luck. Finally, keep in mind that alcoholism may run in families, so it may be a good idea for you to never start drinking.http://www.al-anon.alateen.org/for-alate   0
none
With alcahol, there is a limit. Well at least if your driving or whatever. But, you can usually control yourself with alcahol more than you could with weed. Weed is addictive. Even though alcahol can be too, weed is more of a feel to need it all the time.0
Find a childhood hobby, in which would relieve you of getting anywhere close to drugs or alcohol.0
I would never start smoking anything or over drinking. Maybe it is a premonition? Besides that, dont let the same dream get to you, its just a dream, or it could possibly be an unconscious warning for a friend of yours, or family member too.0
Maybe because the liver has to work exceptionally harder to break down the alcohol and drugs.0
See if you can find time to go to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings in your area, after school.0
Im in the process of it, my girlfriend hates drinking and alcohol so Ive already cut back a ton but still have a ways to go before I completely quit, and I can already see shes happier in our relationship. So yeah its definitely worth it in the end.0
none
I say people like alcohol because alcohol is our deity and we are deeply religious people.3
none
The thing to keep in mind, is that "seems much nicer" statement. Things are not better with drugs, they just seem that way. p.s. if you do quit, and you drink a lot, do not just stop cold turkey, you can die. You need to detox under the care of professionals in a detox center. BTW, quitting drinking can kill you, thats how much "nicer" life is drinking :)0
dependent0
yup1
Cigarette sponsorship is generally from the days of yore with their having no involvement is sport. It isnt just the alcohol sponsors that will cause problems. Money lenders could also face problems with sponsorship with many muslims against adverting lending agencies as per the recent Cisse/Newcastle United dispute (since resolved). I do think alcohol advertising will go the same way tobacco sponsorship.3
I sincerely hope this is a troll. Because there is just so much stupid packed into that.7
none
none
No hangover with weed. No addiction with weed. No family break ups with weed. And also, no liver failure with weed. Yes, its safer.4
none
none
Kind of depends on what kind of drugs you are talking about. Heroin---if u knew them before they will not seem themself They lie about everything and will steal from their grandmother Pot-----they are different but most likely not lie cheat and steal to get couple of puffs0
none
affected, liberal school grad0
We have heared a lot about drugs and alcohols... 1 for some guys its the curiosity  what will happen if we drink?2 In colleges friends might compel to drink... 3 Seeing Many films and it has became a trend that love failures should drink.....0
You needed to Ask, so that means you ARE ! And the sooner You STOP drinking, the Better the Chance that you live to be 13 or 14.Your Description.0
depression1
none
none
Hi Dont drink on Meds it will only screw you up , Sorry , please take care , x1
1-2 standard drinks are considered less harmful but youre having 2-3 shots a day of high proof alcohol ..30ml of 80% proof spirit is 1 standard drink so you are clearly going over that amount. alcohol damages most organs in youre body so in the short term it may seem like nothing but over time you will get worse. you may also build a dependency for alcohol, i myself have seen people go from successful strong people who were just going to have "that one or two" build the dependency and end up homeless due to the damage physically and mentally. (might seem extreme but i bet they all said "it wont happen to me") best advice i can give is see a doctor about your anxiety.7 years alcohol service0
any time you use a substance to "unwind" "relax" "destress" "feel better" what ever, yes you are addicted. If you are not careful it will spiral. Id say you are not in too rough shape yet, but believe me, eventually you will spiral. Been there, done that. You might look into taking an antidepressent to help you stop drinking.0
thats a really good question, never really thought about "why" before. heres the wiki page. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stress_%28b   0
The first step to someones recovery is THEM recognizing they have a problem. THEN they can finally go down the road to recovery. It starts with this realization and then they have to want to recover for it to happen effectively. Give her moral support and love and help her find this path.College course0
none
Why would you want children with a man who is an alcoholic? Your children have a good chance to become one. Do you know how difficult that will be for you? Theyre cute when theyre little but when they grow up they can have so many problems because of the husband that you chose in life. Youre not making any sense.2
none
Because they cant afford health care after spending all their money on drugs and alcohol, so they go to the ER and get it free by dumping their debt on the people that pay for health care. If for no other reason I am for the new health care law as now they will have to pay. I just dont see anything wrong with that. If you use a service you pay for it, not me.0
It might be self imposed but tis still fatal illness and when reality starts to kick in for them they realize they need to do something about it. Theres a lot more to this issue than "they did it to themselves, they deserve to die", thats a really pathetic view.3
You are an alcoholic IF you cant live without that drink a day.3
none
noooo it wont control what you drink and you will be fine, juts dont drink everyday just 1 or 2 days a week., i drink socially and know when to stop, you not going to be like your uncle.0
You can kill brain cells, not yet completely proven that I know of, but why risk it? Here are some more effects. http://www.science.education.nih.gov/sup    Beer can be healthier than other alternatives, the right beer in the right amounts. Watch "How Beer Saved The World." http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdwYjFnFo   0
i believe you are just a shy person in other peoples company and a few drinks makes you feel more calm and relaxed when mixing with others and the fact that you rarely drink makes me believe that your problem does not lie in your drinking but rather in your self not mixing with people often enough hope you find this helpful good luck .....martinfeeling insecure and shy1
well dont focus on achohol like tell them no everyday but if they ask or catch them make sure they dont do it1
none
I personally dont look down on men who dont drink. I suppose in todays society its a kind of "strength" actually if someone doesnt drink (man or woman). It became kind of a social activity. Especially in some regions: binge drinking, going out all night, getting wasted etc. It became so "normal" to have a drink after work, in your lunch break, on parties etc and for some people its hard to say no. I dont know many people who dont drink actually but when I compare them to the ones who do (a lot) I prefer them actually :-)2
none
Well, for this type of question, you could use it in all types of work environments: Like farmers, truck drivers, warehouse workers, power plant industry workers, and even law enforcement groups that haveto deal with it on a regular. Plus, for more questions within the question, try adding on to not only the side affects, but add on how cigarrets (Spelled wrong) are one of the major contributors to the drug surroundings. Sure, people will say cigarrets are not a drug, but look at the people who have smoked for a long time and the people who havent smoked but hanged around people who do. Your paper can be long up to 2000 words but you must target not only the audience but aim at certain locations, groups, and people who have used and/or done with. So, dont give up!0
none
none
I dont think so, but to be safe i would go to a doctor imidiatly and tell them the whole story. they might even be able to help with your panic attacks (only if they are an issue though). -tiftHope you are alright.0
You answered your own quesiton0
WAN HAVE ME?0
none
none
They help offset the cost these items have on society.2
Suicide is never the answer. Start thinking more positively. Look into to going back and getting your HSE and start mending your relationships with your family. There is no sin too great for God to forgive you. I know it sounds cliche but a relationship with God can change your heart and improve every area of your life. Have a little faith in yourself, dont be too hard on yourself and work on forgiving yourself, but most importantly, have a little faith in God.1
You may have an addictive personality so best avoid touching drink or drugs. If you do indulge in them or even try them out you have a higher chance of getting addicted thats all. You will not crave it for no reason just because your family does. Your brain has to experience the high rush first before you become an addict so relax and stay clean and sober.0
If you think being a lush is okay then go ahead. Youll look old and wrinkled way before your time. Slurring your words. And bad breath.0
I commend you greatly for trying to kick the habit. Unfortunately, alcohol is one of the very few addictions that can result in death when your body goes into withdrawl/detox. It is completely normal for people in their first week of alcohol detox to be under medical supervision. I promise you, somewhere, some sort of treatment center has some sort of plan that they will work with you. Please, please dont give up hope. As the great Muhammad Ali once said, ""I hated every minute of training, but I said, Dont quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion."" You are not a quitter. DO NOT GIVE UP!0
none
none
This isnt what you want to hear, but you need to kick him out and tell him that he can return if he is in rehab. Your husband needs to know, or hes not going to support this, and hell just enable your son.2
I would let him stay. My dad is was a stubborn, terrible alcoholic, who would never take advice from anyone, and has attempted suicide many times. My mom (se and him split up before I was born) let him stay with us. She managed to save enough money to get him started with counseling, and kept bugging him about it, and to also go to AA meetings. After a few months, he finally went. He got better, and 10 years later, hes still fine. If you let him stay, and at least get him to go to AA meetings, Im sure it will help, even with his depression (I know people without addictions who go and it still helps) i would say at least let him stay and monitor him so he doesnt hurt himself.1
Give up the booze, your loved one wouldnt want to see you in a state. Whats best is to set your self a goal, something your loved one would be proud of, such as completing a marathon. Ghe training and the goal should inspire you and keep you off the booze! Good luck:)1
First of all, this topic should not be in the category of singles and dating. You might find better answers if you put it into a different category. But to answer your question, people generally turn to alcohol to cover up for some inner pain or sadness. Eventually it turns into an addiction and it will take a combination of therapy and strong will power to over come it0
none
Flight Its a great movie starring Denzel Washington.0
1) You have aged. 2) You drank a lot back then - probably did irreparable damage to your body. 3) Your Tylenol OD is almost guaranteed to be a factor. I suggest - smoking weed.<ZZZZ#~~~0
It will affect your memory and judgement and more serious effects like brain damage if it keeps uphttp://www.drugfreeworld.org/drugfacts/a   0
none
Say "Its none of my business what you do with your life so Ill stop being nosey and get on with my own life" then follow through0
She was a bit of both. I would not treat a child like that even if I drank (which I dont) no respectable person would. She was as common as muck.you cant say other.7
none
Id consider you an intellectual... No youre not an alcoholic, you are intellectualising a disease whose suffering you have no idea of. Having said that, you clearly have some addictive tendencies both genetically and mentally. If I was you Id continue to stay clear of the booze and also be very wary of your prescription drug use.1
none
none
none
It feel lyk ur in cloud 9 or every thing is slow and ur in heaven0
well, if you change your attitude about yourself maybe one will prefer to spend time with you. reverting to alcoholism is only going to destroy you. (more than just mentally but psychically. once that damage takes place it cant be reversed.)0
none
none
Or you should slow down and not go to that party. Youve got plenty of time for both. Take it easy.Life0
Ask your doctor.0
it is your choice not to drink and if your family members truly care about you they would respect your decision not to drink. Or, it may be a case of emotional immaturity which is common among alcoholics and addicts. This article might help: http://www.drug-alcohol.com/emotional-ma    It sounds like there are a lot of people in your family with substance abuse issues and addiction. Which makes sense because there is some evidence supporting the theory that addiction can be hereditary. That being said, it might be that your family members are operating from that point of view where they dont see anything wrong with drinking. There is support available to you from others ike you: adult children of alcoholics and addicts and other family members and loved ones, such as Alateen and Al-Anon. http://www.alcoholrehabilitations.com/aa   http://www.drug-alcohol.com/children-of-    , http://www.drug-alcohol.com/emotional-ma    , http://www.alcoholrehabilitations.com/aa   0
Sadly if he is addicted to alcohol there are layers upon layers of issues in his psyche. This is extremely difficult to deal with similarly as with manic-depressive patients. Only highly trained and experienced professionals know how to attempt to deal with them and to steer them away. You are neither one. If you met this man before he was an alcoholic then you know a real person. Once he made the transition, it took over his life, personality and ability to think logically. Your story is quite disjunctive as in things that do not make sense to me. That may indicate high levels of stress or immaturity as in you are young and inexperienced. Al Anon is to family of alcoholics as AA is to the victim. If you wish you can got an orientation or series of meetings to learn and gather knowledge. Unless the alcoholic seeks remedy all by him or herself, then, there is no luck for success. The victim must make that step. There are several movies as to alcoholism. The Days of Wines and Roses. Jack Lemon. The Lost Weekend. Best movie in 1945. Ray Milland. 28 Days. Sandra Bullock. A glimpse into the brains of alcoholics is a sad experience but alcohol changes people. Addiction changes people. My best advise is to end this. He will beg, cry, promise, anything for you not to. But alcoholics know not what they say. This is not the person you knew or the actual person he is. Sorry. I had an alcoholic sister and for over 25 years it was pure torture for my mom and later on for my as I got involved. I was involved in my live and did not know the extent of the problem Alcoholics cannot work nor do much of anything. Sorry for the realities of life but this is my experience. Do you best if you wish but be prepared. This will probably hurt more later than now. You are not abandoning him. His body is the same but his mind is not.0
none
Theres a lot of circumstances which may cause this. Its very individual. Many times its a mental matter but sometimes, of course, a physical matter. I would recommend you to visit http://www.avinot.com where we work to give some advice using holistic approach. However if you are in some trouble you should definitely look for a real professional advice somewhere.0
That depends on his control to avoid drinking too much especially if hes troubled. Mostly, people who get addicted to alcohol can go back to their old ways specially if they simply wanted to forget their problems for a moment. Theres a high possibility that this person can go back to his old bad habit. A strong support group can help but in the end, his decision to avoid it will still matter.0
they say that some are born with a Gene and its past down through the family There is a test to see if you have this Gene and so therefore puts you at a higher risk of becoming an Alcoholic0
none
Honestly, youre extremely stupid for getting mixed up with someone like this. Hes just going to use you for drugs and a place to live.1
@ alcoholic stge they used 2 b in unconsius.mind. their coverd feelngs become free..if you do nythng they dnt lyk,they used to remembr tht due to alcoholic actn..nd try 2 tke rvnge0
I love beer. I make it. Drink it. Read about it. Answer random stranger&#x27<SEMCOL>s questions about it. Dream about making it. Taste it in my imagination to figure out recipes that I want to come up with. I really geek out on beer. But your workmates aren&#x27<SEMCOL>t cool. Find people who do the things you like to do.1
none
none
Alcoholics suffer great anxiety when they cant get a drink and will lie, steal, cheat, and crawl on their knees to satisfy the cravings. good question. Thanks0
It makes you feel numb. It makes you not care about your problems. It makes you not think about anything, and if you do think about something, such as a problem, it doesnt seem so bad, because alcohol makes you not care about things. Alcoholics are often good people, with bad circumstances, so dont judge them.2
You haven&#x27<SEMCOL>t bottomed out yet. If you still can make the claim that alcohol is the best thing that&#x27<SEMCOL>s happened in your life, you&#x27<SEMCOL>re not able to understand what it really means to be an alcoholic. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s not a denial issue...it&#x27<SEMCOL>s a willingness to accept that you should not drink again. For many of us, that&#x27<SEMCOL>s unbearable in the beginning. That&#x27<SEMCOL>s why we take one day at a time. Not just for alcohol, but for all things.0
I would try playing with what alcohol is fermented from - grains, wheats, etc. A childlike symbol would involve things from a childs daily environment, and what he understands - juice, toys, naps, etc.0
none
Are you drunk?1
No, alcohol doesnt cause AIDS and neither do drugs. HIV is an infectious virus that is passed from person to person. Shared needles/syringes used for drug taking can spread HIV, but not cause it. Syphilis can be spread the same way.0
Alcohol abuse is a one-off event. Alcoholism is the same as alcohol dependency. If one is an alcoholic, they may still drink, at times, with not getting drunk. The tell tale however is that once they do start drinking, they enevitably will end up losing their ability to control their consumption at some point.Recovered alcoholic.0
Hi the first drink does the Damage / If you dont pick that first drink up , you wont get Drunk , Please Take care , xx0
Drunks are extremely attractive for some odd reason. When theyre young and the disease hasnt screwed them up yet, theyre full of energy and fun. Give them a few years, and they become depressed and dependent personalities which suck the life out of everybody around them.1
none
No, I think quite the opposite. When we drink we do so to satisfy our ego<SEMCOL> it is a carnal pleasure after all. I do not see how getting drunk does any good for anyone but ones self.2
none
www.mc2method.com password: mc2free0
none
Depression is a chemical imbalance in ones brain, and Its different for everyone. If you mix certian pilla with alcohol it will eventually eat up your stomach and can doe Its like overdosing. I suggest that you seek some professional help, the sooner the better.1
none
Because some prisoners would not consume it in moderation. People who get drunk can do many stupid things including getting into fights or accidentally injuring themselves. Also, prison is about punishment. Not having access to "fun" things is part of being punished.1
Did you know that could choke on your vomit, and die? Youre going to be 18, soon, and of legal age, I assume, so that means you need to learn to drink responsibly. If youre drinking to the point where you can no longer speak, see, or walk properly, then youre overdosing on this drug called alcohol, and its beyond getting drunk. Know your limits, if youre vomiting, youre also overdosing, and going over your limit. Aside from that, nobody can control your drinking, its going to be legal for you to drink, soon. How alcohol makes you feel is how it makes most people feel, but youre drawn to it more than most kids your age, so be careful. Telling you not to drink would be stupid, but try to only drink once a week, seriously, if you do more than that, you will become an everyday drunk, and then say goodbye to your life.3
Probably cheap wine or beer.0
none
Gate way to what?1
Completely bullshit story, they left her in the hospital for 10 years when they thought she was dead? And no one checked her pulse?1
Oh yes you are honey! this isnt normal at all. I would advice you to get into a sober living home like Casa Nuevo Vida which is sittuated in Los Angeles, California. There, you will be treated and will live an alcohol free life just to give you a 2nd chance at life. It is where your hopes and goals will be organized..0
Im not sure that I truly believe it is an illness in the traditional sense of illness, but i dont think they choose to be alcoholic either. It is an addiction, so in that sense it is an illness. I know some people who are alcoholics, and they would give just about anything to not be alcoholics.1
none
Stay away. If youre a spiritual person, just offer up some prayers for her that shell find the will the clean up. Otherwise, all youll do is make her even more angry, and shell take out the aggression on her family again. Answer mine please? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?   0
by increasing the price of alcohol0
none
If youre an addicted alcoholic it might me. Personally I havent drunk alcohol for months and obviously dont find it difficult at all.1
Try it and find out.1
If you think you are being addicted to alcohol then I suggest you go Casa nuevo vida to get treatment. You will be accompanied by life coaches which will help you get back on trqck.0
Alcohol and drugs treatment medication are an effective way to overcome from drinking problem. Alcohol affects the brain and it damages decision, coordination and reactions. When people use alcohol on a regular basis they may build up tolerance and addiction. Alcohol and drugs treatment medication can be used to treat alcohol habit and dependence. Some medicines decrease extraction symptoms during detoxification. Some additional medicines help you remain clear-headed during the long procedure of revitalization. Addiction treatment must help the person prevent using drugs, sustain a drug-free way of life, and attain creative performance in the family, at work, and in society. You must stop using Alcohol and drugs treatment medication and inform your doctor immediately if signs of liver problems enhance or you are facing problems like regular sickness or infection, abdominal or stomach ache, yellowing eyes and skin, pale stools and dark urine. This medicine must be avoided by those patients who are already suffering from liver problems like active hepatitis, liver failure. You need to talk to your doctor before using this medicine.http://www.topdrugmart.com/alcohol-and-d   1
None because Im not an idiot. Are you?2
when i was drinking, i would drink one quart of 101 proof schnapps every day after work... Id consume the entire thing with in an hour, black out, wake up and go to work.. that was everyday for about 3 years0
Because addicts fundamentally feel sorry for themselves. They make-up excuses to allow themselves to stay addicted. They could stop, if it was just about the alcohol, usually the alcohol is there to HIDE the real problem though.1
none
none
Alcohol abuse ISNT a disease- you mean ALCOHOLISM, which is, yes. They are very different things. You can abuse alcohol say, as a coping mechanism, and not be physically dependant upon it. Alcoholism is 1) genetic, and 2), one you have it, youre always an alcoholic. You will literally drink yourself to death, and you can die from withdrawal.0
A glass of wine is only good for you because of the nutrient from the pigmentation of the wine<SEMCOL> so its red wine, thats good for you. You can get this by other means.0
Firstly,Ive never heard of alcohol having any effect on height,but i know that it does alot of damage to the liver. Secondly,youre just 14 years old,youre underage,why would you want to do anything with alcohol...it will only ruin your life and by the time you reach 20years you will damage all your internal organs.Why dont you start thinking of getting good grades and do well in life.0
If he is in rehab he doesnt need distractions. He needs to focus on his treatment, not ex-girlfriends. Many alcohol treatment counselors also want the alcoholic to stop associating with their old "playmates," fearing they will go back to drinking and doing drugs.4
They tried it and it didnt work. In fact, it increased crime. Much like how the war on drugs is doing today.5
prison is business, security hurts the right people here.4
It is a sign that your liver cannot process any more Alcohol. I mean, if you keep up drinking, you will destroy your liver, so yes, it does wear off over time0
none
none
Because TOO Much of a Bad Thing ( like Smoking IS- Period ), is no good for ANY-One. So WHY legalize something ELSE- to Smoke ?! :o0
Try to not drink and ask to see a doctor0
I personally wouldnt think so. 1 or 2 drinks isnt alot and there is less caffeine in coffee than red bull. When I go out for a meal I normally have at least 2 glasses of wine and then a coffee at the end. I know it is a bit different because it is with a meal, but Ive never had negative effects because of it.0
none
none
nicotine is more abused...alcohol a little less0
There have been so many families torn apart because of it. Mine is not excluded You cant be there for your spouse or your children. Its embarrassing to take the person any where. Your always having to drag them out of a bar. You cannot give your best if you are always on a high. To me alcohol is not worth losing the ones you love the most.1
none
none
none
none
Anxiety, irritability and insomnia. Have some chocolate or candies on hand for cravings.0
none
You are very in control. Just keep in mind that your father being an alcoholic puts you at a higher risk of becoming one yourself. That has a lot to do with kids doing what they see their parent doing while growing up. I have seen whole families that turned into alcoholics since this is what they do when they get together when thats all they saw their parents do while growing up. One beer every 3 weeks is nothing at all. I also like the taste of a cold beer every now and then even though I can no longer drink anything due to having a liver transplant. Alcoholism did not cause my liver failure. But I do miss a cold beer every now and then especially in the hot summer during a BBQ with friends. I also want to remind you that you are too young to drink and should wait till you are 21, but what you are doing is not even close to being an alcoholic.0
none
Agree on the marijuana, disagree on the alcohol ban...1
Heterosexuality is just like cigarettes and alcohol. like some people can try cigarettes and alcohol, and then walk away from them .. its not their thing , but some stay with it who cant break their addiction, and need help if they choose so its the same with the straight addiction, its hard to quit it, but with help you can And, shut up with the "they were born with it" "its not a choice" its not true, and those that say that are just in denial To "Mk" homosexuality is like those non smokers and non alcoholics, the healthy way of living. nice try though Can you actually think about it and use your brains, and not just say whats on your mind the second you see what i wrote. I know its hard, but try How many diseases do heteros have in comparison to homos? A lot more, there is proof for that, look it up.6
You cant get someone to stop drinking. What you should do is start going to Al-Anon meetings. Use a search engine to find some near where you live and GO. It can help a lot.0
none
none
none
Not only in Islam but also every religion says about prohibiting alcohol. You should go through deep of ur religion. Modifing biblical language doesn&#x27<SEMCOL>t mean you can consume all...2
yes1
Teachers are usually in their profession because they care about their students and young people in general. Your teachers obviously care about you and have your best interests in mind. Teachers also must follow confidentiality rules and so they wont go spreading word of your conversation to anyone that shouldnt hear it. I think we all have moments when we say more than we mean to but your situation sounds positive. Your teachers will have a better understanding of you and maybe other students too. Believe me, teachers have heard just about everything, so although you may feel like you exposed too much, they know history and backgrounds on students who have been through worse. It will all seem less embarrassing as time passes and then you can just appreciate the positive relationship you have with your teachers.0
none
And how exactly would you check out damage to the liver on a living person son? What sort of situation would require you undertaking major surgery to find out the last time you had a drink? Sometimes its better to think than simply parrot what other people say.0
As someone who felt similar and has spent the last 20 years working with young alcoholics I suggest that you will never get from Alcohol what is available without it.0
Why are you reposting this question that we already answered? I suggest you use a different program that doesnt require a belief in a higher power. You dont want to build your willpower on faith<SEMCOL> you want to build it on yourself.1
it never said theyre depressed they said it acts as a depressant *rolls eyes* no, 4 to 5 units a week is nothing, its like 21 or 28 a week max for men, ive had about 50 units this week so my liver is probably the size of lincolnshire0
Yes, that is what it does. Dose dependent side effects. I have diarrhea too often, so I severely limit what I have.0
none
none
none
Yes especially mixed with strong barbituates- it is like chlorine in the gene pool.1
The only people who profit from alcohol abuse are liquor salesmen and bars0
Yes. In fact, Kiddush on the Sabbath is recited over wine and one Passover there are four cups of wine at the Seder (though grape juice is also allowed).http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiddush http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passover_Se   4
none
NO, it doesnt. Youre going out of your mind..0
If your hands can not stop shaking in the morning unless you have a drink than you are abusing it .0
Requiem of a Dream ^^^best, most graphic, realistic interpretation of drug addicts&#x27<SEMCOL> lives. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s very intense, gotta warn you. In the grocery store scene, they actually use real drug attaics off the street. Very informational.0
Yes! I think it should be the other way around. You cant be addicted to weed like alcohol. I never had an addiction to weed its been a year since Ive smoked maybe even longer but I had a much more enjoyable time high on weed than drink and puking all over the place on alcohol.1
if he is indeed an alcoholic, the sad thing is, with most alcoholics it takes a LOT for them to realize they need or want help. AA is mostly made up of people in their 30s, which means that is the age most start seeking help for the first time. Also, men generally maintain an alcoholic lifestyle for a longer amount of time then women do. Let him know you will be there for him if he needs help, but you should try Alanon like the other person said. They will give you great advice, and you will learn that you are powerless over alcohol, just like the alcoholic is.alcoholic for 18 years, in recovery1
Liver cancer &#x27<SEMCOL>0
If you NEED to drink, then youre an alcoholic. If you LIKE to drink, then youre just a drinker.0
Its because their not supposed to. Even as an adult they still feel that they shouldnt, but they do because they can. Also its kind of peer pressure. If your an adult having dinner with your friends and everyones having a drink, you dont want to be the odd man out0
You can not do anything but kick the people out. That would cause more trouble I been to non alcohol weddings, a good DJ that can read a crowd, could get anyone one on the dance floor with or without alcohol. At my wedding, I gave the venue a case of non alcohol sparkling white grape juice, because I had family members on both side that did not drink or pregnant. They went around and asked if they wanted Sparling wine or juice. Sparkling Juice could be a way to toast. You could do an early wedding, lunch or brunch wedding. Sunday brunch weddings are normally cheaper. If you have a DJ, you could do table trivia, that could be fun.4
none
It teaches that Jesus drank wine1
I went through a similar situation with my mom. Try getting together with other family members and discuss about her problem. As a family act together to talk to your mom. More people getting involved may get her to listen. Good luck.0
none
You can NOT drink on duty or within 8 hours of duty. If you show up and they think you are drunk and you have a BAC of anything over 0.002, you WILL be punished and likely kicked out for drunk on duty. We are not EVER allowed to operate vehicles, machinery or weapons while under the influence of any mind altering substance to include prescription medication. Even if you are completely legal and drinking within regulation, the second that your CoC perceives you to be discrediting the service, you can be punished for it.US Army Scout7
Whats this the stupid question of the week contender? Of course Alcohol is permitted but like any other job, you would be in trouble turning up for work drunk, also on active service this may be forbidden or limited to a certain amount per day. --- Look you muppet, I am not the only one who says this question is stupid - so get back in your box. As for your statement "have respect", having served in the colours I have plenty respect, now crawl back under your stone please.7
I love this question, so much. Im not a drinker myself either, and I also have alcoholic family members so Im very against it personally. I think getting rid of it though, would cause uproar, just like it did in the 20s. I feel like if we just tightened the laws on it, and gave harder punishments to those who abuse it, wed be better off. Up the price of it so less low lives who enjoy fighting and killing etc can get it.1
Whats wrong with you. Babys are most fragil when there early. And having wine here and there is ok though I wonldnt reccommend it getting drunk can kill the baby and lead to misccarriage, stillbirth or mental retardation. You dont have a motherly instinct. Men look out for baby murders like her3
Tried that. It was called prohibition. It didnt work.4
Riyadh, Tehran.0
The alcohol didnt harm you-your problems are due to anxiety. Anxiety can send false symptoms to your brain if you let it. Try tea with honey for your throat. Also-trust your Dr. & the tests & learn to relax.1
You have a girlfriend for 3 years. You guys breakup, Your depressed everyday but after a month you realize the pain is fading slowly. To me, Your situation is the same, You made a routine out of sleeping pills and alcohol that your body became adapted to it, needing it to continue. Do NOT stop drinking and sleeping pills completely, what you need to do is cut back slowly at a time. Take less amounts everytime, TRY to go 2 days out of the week without anything. Start working out so you can get a nice sleep because a good workout will make you tired. Join a team, work more. Do something. SMOKE LOTS OF WEEEEEEEEED Hope i helped!0
Certainly - if youre not an alcoholic. Alcoholics cant control the amount they drink - while they may be able to do it occasionally, eventually there is an incident where they had planned not to get drunk and did, switched the type of drink they favor in an effort to drink less, bargain, plan, etc. If youre Dad is an alcoholic, you are more likely to become one. Try not to drink - a social drinker can take it or leave it, an alcoholic has a physical craving and a mental obsession that makes abstinence the only solution.0
none
none
Go see Dr. Phil0
none
you may have to make him choose between alcohol and family months of drinking creates a physical dependency i dont know your family situation - but give him a wake up call give him some choices...and stick to it - he needs some moving along addictions are very hard to treat - best wishes2
none
No, of course youre not a hypocrite. Taste it, but I think you are smart to abstain, given your family history. Its not worth the risk! Merry Christmas!0
Alcohol withdrawal is the only drug withdrawal that can kill you... Meth, heroin, even marijuana all have withdrawal syndromes that are unpleasant, but nothing about them will cause you to die... But alcohol detox is almost always done in a hospital because IT CAN KILL YOU. My landlord 2 apartments back and his girlfriend were HARD CORE alcoholics that drank all night, every night, and when they went on a road trip for vacation, BOTH of them had to stop every 3 hours or so to have a drink because they would start to shake with "The DTs". Alcohol first killed my upstairs neighbor, the landladys best friend, after she came back from 2 weeks in the hospital detoxing then 30 days in a treatment program. After she came back, she started drinking with her buddies in the building again and after being off the booze for that long, she died about 2 months after coming back from rehab and that was after like 4 calls to 911 regarding ill health and a mental breakdown. Delirium tremens, the "DTs" is the most severe form of withdrawal you can have from alcohol and it is deadly so if youre feeling weak, shaking, dizzy, or otherwise just not-good, you must contact a doctor. Just STOPPING drinking after heavy, almost daily drinking can be very bad and need medical intervention and additional drugs like Benzodiazepinesvto help prevent seizures. ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Amy Winehouse and the Perils of Alcohol Withdrawal - NYTimes.com http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/08/03    The cause of the singer   s death is still unknown. But Ms. Winehouse   s family has said she tried to quit drinking, leading to speculation that alcohol withdrawal may have played a role in her demise. While it may sound surprising that efforts to stop drinking could be harmful, addiction experts say such a situation is    highly possible.          I hope the message that can come from this is how dangerous unsupervised alcohol withdrawal can be,       said Dr. Harry Haroutunian, physician director of the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, Calif.    About half the people who come off steady and regular alcohol use will have some manifestation of the syndrome. People should seek medical advice.       ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? But you must remember that detoxing from the alcohol/drugs is only 1/1000000000000th what you have to deal with as an addict... STOPPING isnt hard... Detox isnt hard... Not giving in to the voices in your head compelling you to drink/use is what addiction is all about. You can be 100% drug and alcohol free for 10 years and that voice in your head telling you to consume will still be there... The compulsion to use is the Addiction, not the actual substance usage itself. You should find a support group, be it AA or Rational Recovery or some other form of treatment program to help you stay sober. 1. Hangovers/Morning After arent full blown withdrawal. Thats your body dealing with what you did to it the night before. 2. Drinking a ton of WATER after drinking alcohol is actually very bad for you. You need fluids but more importantly, you need to replenish what youve urinated out and used up like electrolytes, salts, etc. Just water alone continues to flush out vitamins and salts and such. You need to drink watered down juices, gatoraid, or even pedialite. Its a myth that when they say "Stay Hydrated" they mean "Drink buttloads of water". Hydration and being full of water are two different things. Addiction is no different than diabetes... Its in your genetics and its something you have to monitor every day of your life. Its spectacular that youre getting clean so early in life, but remember that for a person with the biology for addiction, when they stop one substance/action and dont get treatment for the global illness of addiction, addicts tend to change to something else to compensate. Alcoholics start smoking weed... Marijuana addicts start using sex... Meth addicts turn to extreme sports and impulsive behaviors... Cross-Addiction means youre still an addict, youre just waiting for this new issue to make you hit rock-bottom.0
none
yeah its hard to say but if you see a problem you can change it your still young and id stick to drinking with friends its just more fun0
They say 1 unit each hour, a pint of beer is about 2.5 units, so about 24 hours for 10 pints.0
Brains impaired by chemical substances fail to impress me. I dont enjoy spending time in the company of impaired brains. Period.Sloppy drunk or fried stoner --- Id leave the room in both instances.2
none
Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t ever act drunk. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s really obvious and people get so annoyed by you. Just try to alcohol it&#x27<SEMCOL>s not that bad1
You cant. Your parents or teachers will catch you.1
Yes. This is pretty standard treatment for acute withdrawal/anxiety, etc. Librium, a benzodiazepine, is commonly prescribed for this.1
About 4 to 5 shots of vodka0
none
which alcohol? there are a bunch and all different. the common ones are ethanol, methanol, isopropanol. And each one has hundreds of properties. See links for lots of info.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isopropyl_a    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethanol http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methanol0
a full 12oz alcoholic beverage with 4% alcohol in it such as a beer is not even enough to get a buzz. you will have NO negative effects and in the US the drinking age is 21 idk about the UK but regardless i dont think youll be going to jail over 2 sips2
none
Most people I know that have did that usually say they do that to keep from breaking out. And it work for them. So I,from personal experience, do not see nothing wrong with it. But wait it out to see how your skin reacts to the alcohol0
yes its called death, also known as alcohol poisoning. (serious answer) Its all the rage these days with the kids.1
none
none
Look up alcohol poisoning0
Forever, because youll be dead.0
You have got to be kidding? Ofcourse thats normal. Wine and beer, in small doses helps you fall asleep.1
There is no Federal Guidelines that requires you to card EVERY person. But most stores, especially chain stores put those standards in to protect themselves. In most states the Department of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms do sting operations of bars, grocery stores, convenience stores ect to see if they are selling to minors. If caught doing so, the person that sold it, as well as the company they work for can and will be fined. If it happens more than once, they can lose their license to sell alcohol. So they put in these extra security measures to one, protect themselves from being fined or losing their license, and 2 to help lower the cost of their liquor liability insurance. So to answer your question, there is no law in place that requires everyone get carded, although some states may require it.0
none
none
none
DUI probably0
Please be aware that improper distillation can leave methyl alcohol in the drink, which will destroy your brain, leading to something called moonshine blindness.0
You cant. Alcohol in your body comes out in your breath. Thats why breathalizers work. Your parents can smell the alcohol. The only thing you can do is try to mask it with strong smells, which will only work if your parents are complete idiots. Speaking of complete idiots, you could stop drinking.4
none
none
Lie your pants off.0
I have the same thing.Im not calling it a problem cause its not .Ive seen too many deaths & sickness which are alcohol related .I thank my lucky stars cause there but for the grace of God go I.I was drinking to excess when it happened to me.I still go out now & probably have a better time.My health is better I have more money in my pocket & my relationships have greatly improved.I dont even mention it when I go out & people are none the wiser.I have a drink in front of me but it may only be coke or soda.I dont understand why you equate having a good time with alcohol consumption. Maybe that is more your problem...0
none
none
none
none
none
I thought it was - but maybe thats just beer/wine. Could be they worry about some guy brewing up whiskey at his house and blowing up the neighborhood. I would imagine concentrated alcohol is extremely explosive. Mostly youll find that the RICH make the laws... so after Prohibition had put all the distillers out of business, the entire business of distilling spirits fell into the hands of very few people. And those very few people made laws to protect their racket from any sort of democracy creeping in.0
Check with the court again. If they dont have a list that you can choose from, they should at least be able to tell you how to look them up and what makes them qualified.0
Drink beer or coolers and only have 2-3. Drink lots of water after and drink on a full stomach1
Because teenagers thing that theyre all grown upend they think that drinking alcohol makes them cooler and more grown up0
According to my ratio and proportions calculations, it would be 9.5% alcoholcalculator0
Do shots of tequila and you will never need to worry about fizzy drinks. Dont drink any of the mass marketed english rubbish super lagers of bottled ales they are crappy fizzy rubbish.2
ok NOT A TROLL its BOTH its GENETIC and ENVIRONMENTAL so 50-500
none
Yes, the fashion in which it is exhibited does effect and perpetuate these ideas within our society.0
none
You could get an attorney, or you could talk with the prosecution about dropping the charges or having a deferred prosecution agreement. Perhaps you could offer to work on publicizing the law on the University of Rhode Island campus.0
Im 14 years old and i will never drink alcohol in my live. Okay sometimes the bottles are looking cool but whats inside is bad.2
Vodka0
none
At 9 pm you can safely have a drink or two as it is almost 12 hours since you took your Mucinex.1
none
play it safe and wait 24 hours.Dont hurt yourself, its not worth it because you are worth it.dad committed suicide1
What you really need to know is NEVER accept a drink that you didnt witness being mixed right in front of you if its an alcoholic drink. If youre not old enough, then dont drink alcohol. Stick to punch or soft drinks.1
none
You cannot bring alcohol into the US until you are 21 even as a gift for someone who is a legal adult. You have to declare alcohol on your customs declaration and it will be confiscated when you enter the US. If you do not declare it and it is found, you face more serious sanctions.1
none
If you were at a party and your under 21 and there were booze present than you can and will be charged with the minimum of minor in possession. The prosecutor will drop the underage consumption and go with the minor in possession charge because there is no need to test for that, the officers testimony will be all the evidence the prosecutor will need for a guilty verdict1
No, it is unlikely to be a problem.0
none
none
none
none
NO DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT YOU SHOULDNT BE DRINKING ALCOHOL. IM 17 AND I DONT DRINK BECAUSE ITS BAD FOR YOU. YOU COULD GO INTO ACOMA. THE FACT YOU HAVE TO ASKS TELLS ME YOU ARENT READ TO DRINK. PLEASE DONT DRINK A LITER OF VODKA FOR THE LOVE OF GOD. STOP THIS MADNESS (half joking there). REALLY THOUGH YOU SHOULDNT BE DRINKING, IT CAN HAVE SERIOUS EFFECT ON YOUR GROWTH IN PUBERTY AND YOU COULD GO INTO ACOMA!!!!1
none
Assuming the glass is the "standard" 6 ounce pour, half a glass of wine is about the same as half of a 12 oz beer or half of a 1.5 ounce shot of liquor. The bottle of wine I currently have open has a 13% alcohol content by volume. So you consumed 3 ounces * 0.13 or 0.39 ounces of alcohol. Most liquor is 80 proof, or 40% alcohol. 0.75 ounces * 0.40 would be 0.30 ounces of alcohol. Budweiser beer (not Bud Light) is 5% alcohol. 6 ounces * 0.05 would be 0.30 ounces of alcohol. A teaspoon equals 0.167 fluid ounces. So youve had the equivalent of about 2 teaspoons of pure alcohol.1
none
Magic eraser !! It removes everything. I use it when my child paints on the wall or when you hit or move something and it leaves brown lines. It just removes everything !! So it will work on your stains. And when you buy it you&#x27<SEMCOL>ll sure find lots of places to be whitened.0
none
none
I think you already know the answer, Valium is an Opiod and is addictive.0
Yes. Less alcohol, more residual sugar.0
none
Your question opens up the horrors, difficulties and the uncertainties of the life of the disease called alcoholism. It is without doubt the ultimate two-fold illness. The sickness of the drinker and the insufferable pain to their spouse or family. I do not think there has ever been such a cunning illness, as like a snake it moves and wriggles and coils itself around the emotions of others who are close to it. There is no straight answer I think to your question. I believe that you must like many others find that the best way forward is to accept that it is the drinker themselves who needs to find sobriety and until that point arrives they will use every opportunity to delay such a decision. This I think is what your mother, bless her is doing now, trying to pretend she is coming off and at the same time topping up. Survival for the drinker is to find the door of AA and indeed for the family member finding Al-Anon a similar 12 step programme for spouses and family of the alcoholic. At such a programme and in the company of those who have lived the role of coping with the drinker you learn to protect yourself from the emotional battering and distress of trying to live in that elevator without buttons that would have you going up and down through perpetual episodes and alcoholic situations. It is necessary to see victory as the alcoholics decision to stop drinking. This is their salvation and that of those close to them. Through Al-Anon you are taught the full gambit of deceit and trickery that is used to sustain the addiction, in turn you are given the power to ensure that you are not open to or hurt by such dishonesty. To help the alcoholic find recovery you must help her find the sanity to wish for such a reversal. My friend, please seek the expertise of those who have gone before. Equip yourself with the wisdom of others as you seek to help and save your mother. In your detail it clearly shows that you love her and in essence this is the first step in saving anyone. I wish you every blessing and thank you for not dismissing or rejecting your mother. She is very fortunate to have your love and regard. I hope your story has a happy ending. God bless you and your mum.0
none
You could just empty a small bottle of drinking water and replace that with Rum.1
none
none
15 year old should not be drinking but yeah its fun!!0
Dont bother. It wont make any difference unless he admits that he needs help. The more you nag the more he will be in denial.5
none
40% is the liquorKnowledge0
none
People can be born with different alcohol tolerance levels yes. Weather that tolerance is inherited from your parents is a harder question to answer. I know of no research on this, but it seems logical.0
Providing support to an addict enables them to continue their addiction. Until an alcoholic recognizes the extent of the problem and makes a commitment to get help and go sober, you have to exercise "tough love". My mother was a chronic alcoholic and brought pain and suffering to everyone she touched. I finally backed away and didnt speak to her for 8 years. She didnt get better, but my life improved greatly. She died drunk and alone. But it was her choice. In life, all must choose between two great pains, the pain of discipline and the pain of regret. Choose wisely.1
If you talk someone into diagnosing you with ADD, aka ADHD, you will regret it for the rest of your life. Being drugged up with Ritalin (or whatever they are using these days) is not some silly game, it can cause serious temporary (and quite possibly permanent) brain damage. In rare cases, it can even kill you. If you dont believe me, do a google search on the dangers of Ritalin. Or google ADHD scam. Or think of your own search terms. You might think you are doing the scamming. You will find the pushers of ADD are scamming you, and it will be too late. Two quick links below. Plenty more (probably better) links with a more careful search.http://voices.yahoo.com/the-truth-ritali    http://www.ritalindeath.com/2
The 18th Amendment prohibited the sale and manufacture of alcohol, but did not say anything about consuming it.0
Nortons answer is hilarious and that isit1
Interesting observation ... I do not think that is what the writers intended but you do have a point of her weakness.1
if so very little if this product can be sold to minors and is sold with the soda pop and cola drinks Id say NO0
if your parents are paying... then the limo driver is responsible to your parents.... so, just get a group or your friends and go to a field or park somewhere... and have some designated dirvers. One last thing.. as a parent... are happy are they going to be if you get "wasted" in the limo they rented for you for your birthday..... when they dont really want adult beverages on the limo anyway. Not a cool way to show your appreication....3
Water, saltine cracker, water, water, water1
Food absorbs alchol.4
none
If youre on probation, you dont have a charge, you have a conviction. Next - unless your probation conditions include a specific procedure for challenging drug tests, then youre pretty much screwed. Being on probation means that youve given up the right to do many things in return for the courts promise not to send you to jail. If prior tests were clean, youd be in the position of arguing for some results to be accepted and others to be denied (the positiives) even though they were conducted the same way on the same person. Also what kind of test was this? If you meant ETG, that doesnt refer to a kind of test as much as body-chemistry evidence that youve been drinking. There are different tests but they are hard to dispute - especially GC/MS. The answer that suggested you do your own test - dont waste your time. Courts dont force probation officers accept tests that they did not conduct themselves. The ETG test can turn up results up to about 3 days, meaning that the ETG test was done w/I that time frame, and any test you do now will be past that window and will not prove anything if brought back as a negative.Prosecutor w/10+ yrs exp - including monitoring defendants in diversionary programs.1
Youre wasting your time and money. The harshness of alcohol comes from alcohol, not acid. An antacid wont neutralize alcohol.1
is that a question?0
Bic lighter.0
none
I call BS. A BAC of .513 would have been fatal, I dont care how high your tolerance is. EDIT: @ Realist: Its generally considered that anything above .450 BAC would be fatal.2
I chugged a botel of soco in one go when I was like 15. The sickness lasted a good week and a half.0
If its in your checked bag, no they dont ID. They wont even pay it any attention.2
The ones that dont pass your lips.2
2 years ago1
Fear propaganda. I come from a family which has suffered cancer from tobacco products, alcoholism, and an aunt who was killed by a drunk driver. Most of the people in my family smoke pot- its never hurt a freaking hair on any of their heads.1
It can be!1
Taxes.0
yes it does. People think that alcohol makes you forget which in fact is a lie. If you are sad and you drink you get more sad, if you are happy and you drink you get more happy. You never forget.0
How about 2 nice wine glasses or champagne flutes? A book on Napa&#x27<SEMCOL>s or French wines with pics of wineries? A great cheese ball and crackers?3
Did you read your question prior to submission??? "...pimple just about my tooth???"0
No.2
Yes, because it worked so well from 1920-1933 we should do it again - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prohibition    NOT!9
no point, if youre determined you just just visit a few shops in succession.2
Everyone appreciates a starbucks card. or their christmas blend coffee.0
none
none
How big is your glass? You know the port is 22% and you know the Bourbon is 35.5%. Wheres the difficulty?0
Drinking rum before 10 A.M doesnt make you an alcoholic. It makes you a pirate!0
none
There is no law requiring the carrying of any form of ID in the uk so the shop can accept/not accept whatever they like as proof of age ALL they are required to do is assure themselves you are legally of age to buy alcohol.. THEIR licence is at risk if they fail to take reasonable steps to ensure you are. HOW they do that is up to them. Being a government issued document a provisional license is a good form of id. but there is no legal requirement for them to accept it if they dont want to. They CAN force you to buy their id or supply any form of age verification if they want. cos THEY are the people who need to be satisfied of your age, and if required show their procedure to the licensing authorities/police. (It would be perfectly legal (but completely stupid) for them to say - you MUST have our ID card when buyng alcohol in our store, and we require you to proved a driving licence so we can copy your details onto that card.) YOU cannot force them to accept anything as an id. (so to get the situation correct. The license is NOT a legally recognised form of id- cos there is no such thing What it IS is a document that people would have good grounds for accepting as proof of id. and age. But there is NO legal requirement for ANYBODY to accept it as an id if they dont want to.)1
It is haram. If something is haram, there is no exception to it. And yes it will not only make your life turn into hell but will definitely lead you to hell too.you get what I mean?2
Maybe Choudary should just piss up a rope. Hes a nutter and not worth the effort.8
Your a soft man. Female traits.1
Thats about the most ridiculous thing Ive ever heard. Besides, prayers accepted by whom? It has been pretty well established that prayers serve absolutely no purpose, other than a placebo effect.1
No, because the only addictive substance in any alcoholic beverage is ethanol, which is what you become dependant on.0
You can in VA as long as you dont actually drink alcohol. Prior to a couple years ago, you could only open carry in a place that serves alcohol (no concealed carry was allowed), so when CHP holders went into a restaurant they would literally open their coats to go from concealed to open carry before entering. Fortunately, now you can keep your piece concealed.3
none
none
You cant stop him. He has to do it on his own.1
Nice and Relaxed :)1
Heroin0
No it will be fine.good luck,ej0
With distillation it is the vapour temperature you are concerned about.0
Surfing is fine because you have been doing it but Drinking should be held off on. Its just a week it shouldnt be to hard. You can do some damage at this stage even though not much is there yet to the the zygote. It would be best just to be sure.0
No. I was a little goodie two shoes when it came to alcohol. Even on my 21st birthday I didnt drink.1
none
none
Makers Mark Kentucky Straight Bourbon & Coke1
none
There will be no reaction. The mix may go a little cloudy as dissolved components precipitate but there is no chemical reaction0
Hello Vernie..:  I will assume you want these converted to F. TF = ( 9/5 ) ( TC ) + 32.0 Normal Boiling Point = NBP = ( 9/5 ) ( 79 ) + 32.0 NBP = 174.2 F <--NFP = Normal Freezing point NFP = ( 9/5 ) ( -117 ) + 32.0 = - 178.6 F <--0
You must be 18 years old to purchase alcohol in Poland.2
You can go to a party and not drink. That is a legitimate option.1
none
none
none
You probably dont drink enough water. Both caffeine and alcohol dehydrate you.0
I AM NOT AN ALCOHOLIC!!!!!1
Cant go a single day without all of them. Is that bad? Do I need religion?6
3 beers and 2 ciders would get you pretty wasted considering youre a lightweight.0
Absolutely not.1
In the bible it only mentions that its a sin to be a drunkard .. However a glass of wine is not a sin. . Also, it mentions &quot<SEMCOL> mind altering drugs &quot<SEMCOL> such as weed , heroin, cocaine ect... One glass of wine shouldnt make you incoherant as to snorting one does of cocaine . Also , Jesus turned water into wine at a wedding ceremony.0
none
Its not worth the embarrassment and punishment.<- Passed college algebra: Math is easier sober.2
none
Not drink it unless youre 21 or older. If you drink it and are under 21 youre breaking the law.4
none
I suppose yes, provided that any alcohol is not consumed by that person, oddly enough lots of British liquor/of licience stores are owned/managed by folk of this faith.1
get a five gallon bucket with lid, poke small hole in lid and fit a one way valuve in it air tight with rubber cemet. Crush and mash any fruit of your choice add water and sugar and boil. after 2 hours boiling, let sit till luke warm then add yeast. let sit a few minutes then pour in 5 gallon bucket and seal. wait 1 month then filter liquid through filters (coffee filters or old t-shirts), put it in old mason jars, seal and let sit for 6 months. then walla perfect tasty wine.0
musta been a pretty old grape to turn into wine LOL Not really sure about that but why it taste like alcohol is that the grape had fermented2
none
Check here: http://www.littleshamrocks.com/Irish-Hol   0
none
How big are your shots man? Yeah I guess anythings possible. I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t say a low tolerance is bad. Means your booze actually lasts haha0
The kind with Rohypnol1
none
so its not bad enough people might judge me for being a drug addict now your judging me cuz I will occasionally eat at checkers? EDIT: im not a troll. and when did I say you were a Christian? you say quote "whats the difference" between excessive drugs and alcohol and eating fast food, so explain to me how what I said is not relevant. you are being judgemental you just dont realize it. if its my body to destroy what business of yours is it if do or dont or how or why etc2
Contact them and ask: http://www.tgifridays.com/contact1
none
Yes it is be careful and stay away from the stuff it&#x27<SEMCOL>s highly addictive1
Doesnt really matter, but some alcohol taste better when its colder. I prefer my straight drinks cold. I always chill my vodka and hard lemonades. But I keep my Makers Mark in the cabinet along with my other mixing alcohols. if its left out but you want it cold, just pour the alcohol over ice!1
I wouldnt know , Ive never tried alcohol before .1
none
Wont know until you try. If you look young, probably not. You both have to be 21 to get served.2
none
Some drag racers run on alcohol....what a waste.0
none
none
It depends on HOW drunk you got. As long as it was average drunk or pretty drunk but not crazy unconscious trip to the hospital drunk, it should be out of your system. Drink lots of water and youll find out when they do the blood test I guess. Not much you can do about it now.0
Please talk to your doctor or your sponsor about your paranoia. Relapses happen two ways: 1. You drink, feel the drunkeness, and decide to keep feeling it by keeping drinking. 2. You think about drinking so much that you end up drinking. Did you feel drunk after eating the chicken? No. Most recipes for bourbon chicken that contain actual bourbon use about one or two shots worth for the entire recipe. You probably didnt eat the whole batch, and when it is cooked, about 90% of the alcohol cooks off. You didnt feel drunk from one-tenth of a shot of alcohol in an entire batch of chicken. You are however, obsessing about alcohol, which is a danger. Please call your sponsor. This isnt about the chicken. This is about your obsession with alcohol.0
At the she temperature yes. Alcohol has a lower boiling point so it takes less energy to boil and or evaporate0
It is usually a Hazardous Material because of its flammability, but some shippers, like FedEx, will carry it - BUT it has to be labeled & marked properly. Check the FedEx HazMat page on their site.0
none
As cheap as it is, just buy it.0
none
your tipsy...you fool0
none
none
Look at the prescription bottle. It should tell you.0
none
Get someone to buy it for you.2
A shot of whiskey has about the same amount of alcohol as a 4 ounce glass of wine or a 12 ounce bottle of beer.0
none
Of course its true. Contrary to popular belief, alcohol raises reaction time and awareness levels. The drunker you are, the better chance of survival you have!2
Bourbon or Scotch or Gin Martini stirred not shaken and served extra dry. Or Brandy and cigars.0
Sugar free homemade Lemonade, made with real lemons. I do not drink, I cannot stand the taste of Alcohol of any kind, never have been a drinker. At my weeding in 1969, I had a root beer to drink my toast with. Yes I did.2
none
none
I think the hang overs become their &quot<SEMCOL>normal&quot<SEMCOL>. They don&#x27<SEMCOL>t function as well as they would otherwise.0
Alcohol is a depressant, but the day after will cause anxiety when no longer in system. Bad choice if you have anxiety symptoms.1
Alcohol is a depressant.2
none
Yeah youll be fine0
none
none
At over 97%, alcohol will absorb humidity from the air. Alcohol molecules are rather large, and if the spaces between them were not filled, it would effectively be a vacuum. Water molecules fit nicely into these spaces, much like sand poured into a bucket of gravel.0
Im guessing youre referring to genetics. If youve got alcoholics in your family, then its possible that youre more likely to develop alcoholism if you start drinking, even occasionally. If youre someone that used to be an alcoholic, but have managed to stop drinking, I think youre always going to be an alcoholic, because if you start drinking again, youre not going to be able to stop.3
none
I take tylenol in the middle of drinking when I get a headache, tht is if Im out of advil.0
shots shots shots shots shots shots shotsshots2
none
Yes but it will leave really nasty taste.Been there1
Congrats! But it matters where you go really. Some require you to be 18 for at least 24 hours, some let you buy alcohol once the clock turns midnight. Lol and it doesnt matter what kind of alcoholic beverage you buy. Good luck and happy birthday!Experience2
none
none
yeah you havent take any of those drugs if youre saying that lol. Dont believe it ...unless your drunk now bc you got ruffied that is the ONLY explanation...yeah you havent done any of those lol. Dont even lie!! LOLHAHHAAH0
Your body can process around one unit of alcohol an hour. Unless youre going to drink like 10 bottles of wine youll be fine by the 26th.0
how long can you go without a drink ?is the best criteria to rate this ,a day is not long enough .i am a 20 year abstainer0
Jesus came to show a new way. Following the Torah was not his plan . Thats why Jews rucified him.4
Theres a ghost in your room.1
a liquor store most of them keep in behind the counter since its so strong0
The 2 days a week is fine, but 6-12 drinks is overdoing it, in my opinion. Id keep it to 3-4 at most, just to keep it social and not getting into drunken stupor territory.0
Youd be surprised but people ingest rubbing alcohol all the time, seriously nothing to worry about. If you chugged a whole bottle then yes youd have a problem but if you didnt get drunk you probably had 1/10 of what it would take to cause any serious health concerns. Its just like drinking vodka but no flavor additives and a few more chemicals. -EMT0
Liquor can be transported in checked baggage. The TSA is not in the business of age-related enforcement. Hugo90 is correct. If selected for inspection, it may raise an eyebrow.2nd job as a TSA officer.0
none
The timber and cotton industries.2
in his case, seems yes. but getting drunk doesnt mean hes an alky.0
Did you consider just not being so honest? On another note, crazy how you can&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink until 21 in the US but you can drive at 16 and everyone can own guns - mega lols0
She&#x27<SEMCOL>ll be doing some hard time. Those things are taken very seriously nowadays.0
iuck, alcohol is gross in my opinion...1
none
To get drunk off of .8% anything you would have to drink well over 2 gallons of it (thats 256 ounces, of which 2 of them would be actual alcohol, so thats 2 gallons equal to about 4 shots of standard vodka approximately). That being said, you must work for Verizon because the Bud Light Strawberita has 8% alcohol, not .8% alcohol ( .8% is eight-tenths of 1% ...so less than 1%). Thats a massive difference. So yes you can get drunk on Strawberitas. Also, theyre gross. Verizon Math: http://youtu.be/zN9LZ3ojnxY1
Youd almost certainly use kahlua for that. And Im sure it would work just fine http://www.kahlua.com/us/1
Because it tastes like drinking gas.2
Using medicines and exercising will-power, one could get over alcoholism<SEMCOL>1
Booze and smokes are seen as sin taxes...only the sinners that use the products pay the tax. Utilities are a way to gouge the public since everyone wants heat and running water.0
none
Ill tell you rubbing alcohol does have a numbing effect.0
none
You need professional advice - which you can afford - its much cheaper than drinking the amount you must be consuming.0
I dont drink alcohol. Even Jesus did not serve fermented wine. Hooah!1
Depends, the alcohol in one 12 oz beer will work its way out of the average male body (not sure on the average female) in about 1 hour, I think it wont show up on a test after that. This statistic is on an empty stomach (you can be full, just dont have food in your stomach, if your digesting food you wont process alcohol as fast) and 1 drink an hour, if you start another dink after half an hour this will make it take longer.0
This is basically acid reflux. When this happens, quickly simply clear your throat a few times, then drink some water, maybe even gargle a bit with it too (then drink some more). Youll be ok. If you have reflux, do not eat or drink alcohol right before you go to bed. It can be dangerous.2
none
well im 14 and i dont know much aboit anything but let me tell you when you break the law there are consequences honey. and when you think there will be risks there will be.0
Busterwasmycat has managed to translate your strange, overcapitalised, posting better than I, and his answer seems to be 100% accurate. People in cold regions have the same survival requirements as anyone else and dont behave significantly differently from anyone else either.1
none
Your penis will explode within the hour.0
Hi there, Our Barrel Select Chardonnay is 13.5% alcohol. You can find the alcohol percentage on the front label under the appellation. Here is some more information for your reference: http://www.chateaujulien.com/assets/upload/wine/2011_Chardonnay.pdf Please dont hesitate to contact us if you have any questions, we are happy to help. Have a Happy New Year!! Shonda Kroll Assistant Director of Marketing Chateau Julien Wine Estate 831-624-2600 https://www.facebook.com/chateaujulienwine0
none
none
none
drink with friends and dont try to force yourself to enjoy it. my opinion is that you should stay away from it at all , its mot very good for you0
Juice, Pop, Tea!0
Stupid decision. Since M&S sell pork products and alcohol, anyone choosing to work for them must be prepared to serve them.4
...then stop!1
Surveys can certainly make one want a stiff drink, but I think most Republicans and Democrats would drink anyway.2
Alcohol is alcohol. It all thins your blood the same.5
I mix it with orange soda?? or the margarita cocktails flavors strawberry or lime it has a pretty great taste I&#x27<SEMCOL>d pour a 1&#x2F<SEMCOL>2 cup of volka and one cup of strawberry flavor and put ice in it0
Stop drinking. It will cause u trouble down the line. Please quit before its too late.i lost my mom wen i was 13. she was an alcoholic.0
When it affects your health, friends, or job.1
Its not a good idea to drink at all, to be honest. Alcohol can interact with all of your medications and it wont have a good effect. Stay safe and dont drink.2
Mate, you need to sort out why you are so fixated on alcohol because its an escape from your normal life. Whats so wrong with your normal life and sort it out! Youre only 17 -can do anything!1
Most likely. That amount is not fatal, or really even close. Do you know what I would do, if I even remotely thought that a friend was DYING? Id go on Yahoo!Answers, and just casually spend time... Duh!0
none
none
I Think Alcohol Clams Most People. But Really Everyone Has A Different Opinion About It. You Just Need To Know When To Take It Or Leave It. Just Remember Dont Get To Carried Away. Good Luck.1
Some people turn red when drinking wine, due to the sulfides added to preserve it, and not due to the alcohol.2
Whenever I drink a little more than I normally do I notice the same thing. I think its because the alcohol is zapping nutrients from my body in order to process the alcohol. I have tried drinking the energy drink called Forgiven after Im done drinking and it does seem to help me feel better a lot faster.http://takeforgiven.com/1
Cuz it cleanses 99.99% of the bodys stupidness1
none
no its cleared out completely by this point but you shouldnt consume alcohol, nothing good comes of it and if youre subjected to regular blood tests youll get caught eventually. If you have the urge to dirnk chew gum or recite a beloved poem instead.0
It is mostly water anyway. Yes, it is fine. Pour it down and run the tap at the same time.1
none
You dont need to use real alcohol. In films, its usually apple juice or ginger ale or some brown beverage that they use.1
Its not that easy to buy alcohol on line. Youll need to show proof of age to receive it.0
Stop drinking in the dorm would help....0
none
none
No.0
Usually, they dont think they need any. Even if they know they need help, its scary to change, to go from the known to the unknown. All they know how to do to cope with things is to drink, and now you want them to stop that? They really dont know any other way.1
none
The effects are the same in zero gravity as they are on earth. Gravity has no impact on how it impacts your body.0
You know... this is the kind of question you should ask before doing something... But, youll be fine. You just dont want to take too much of them at the same time.1
none
You should have just went to the store and bought GooGone.2
Why not ask your therapist?0
Its absolutely fine to like a certain smell. It just means that what aroma generated by chemicals in the sanitizer evokes your olfactory glad, nothing weird about it. Everyone like some peculiar smell e.g. of petrols, of first summer rain etc etc.0
Thats not possible here in Canada.3
none
The energy released form a molecule is related to the number of bonds that need to be broken and created during a combustion process. Propanol which has 3 carbon atoms releases more energy than ethanol which only has two. Thus enthalpy change in case of propanol is more than ethanol0
Then stop drinking so much,that way you will always be in control,and save your liver! Have 1 soft drink for every alcoholic one,its not clever to be drunk,it means you are causing brain damage,did you know that? try to go home at least a bit sober,you will feel better for it in the morning,and you will keep your friends too!3
Problem with alcohol in checked luggage is that bottle might be tossed around and broken.1
its not weird, i dont drink at all and im pretty sure theres a lot of other people who dont do it...1
40%, just like one liter of Crown Royal, or a thousand liters. It doesnt matter how much there is whiskey, it always has the same percentage of alcohol. In case you meant the AMOUNT of alcohol, its about 1.77 centiliters per a shot of Crown Royal.Wikipedia3
none
Just because people buy alcohol doesnt mean that it is only Christians doing it. Alcohol sale is very high at Christmas time because people throw Christmas parties and get drunk. The Bible clearly tells us not to get drunk.1
well being A sober person for the pass 22years you can say what you want to A person who drinks A real lot if he dont want to stop he wont or cant I say to you break up and move on Good luck0
none
You get the dog leash, pick up the car keys, walk out the door, and drive away. Why is this hard?1
From Belly Button Piercing Aftercare: "Avoid Alcohol and Caffeine Limit or stop drinking alcohol, as consumption of alcohol reduces the immunity of the body. Caffeine is also known to hinder the healing process, so limit your coffee intake as well." You are risking an infection.http://www.ibuzzle.com/articles/belly-bu   1
Yes, do your time, pay your fine, and dont do it again.0
Because these verses were sent when alcohol was permissible. And they were gradually made unlawful. You can Google "Gradual Prohibition of Alcohol in Islam" for a little more understanding of it. And there are certain things that we do in Islam that arent mentioned in the Quran cause they were taught and mentioned in the A-Hadith (Prophets words and actions).1
this is reminds me of a story a blind canadian man was refused taxi service by a muslim because he had a seeing eye dog with him lovetamaris what race is islam? If muslims refuse to do their job because of their religion then they do not deserve to have a job. This is the west not the middle east Edit: I never said they dont work you said that I said muslims have refused to do their job becuase of their religion and it is the truth it does happen. Anyone can be a good worker dont be prejudice it cant be good for you2
none
none
That stuff is witchcraft in a bottle, i tell you. PAGAN MAGIC.0
You probably do have alcohol poisoning but, a doctor is not going to he of help at this point. Drink a lot of water and get some rest. The worst of it is over. But, that bump on your head needs to be watched. After drinking so much Im surprised you didnt end up in the hospital with seizures from poisoning. You were lucky. Hopefully, you will not have a repeat performance after you get better.1
Exact laws vary by location. However, it is indeed illegal in many states for minors to even attempt to purchase alcohol. And for most illegal things, even attempting to do them is illegal, too. You dont get to try them and fail, and then say "Oh, I didnt actually do it." If youre young enough looking to get carded, no, theyre not going to let you just take the alcohol. Your individual sale is in no way worth their liquor license, let alone the trouble they get in when you go drink and get in a car accident, or vandalize things, whatever.4
none
none
4am0
4 pegs enof to get tipsy buzzed. for drunk---------consume whole bottle:):)0
One drink is out of your system in one hour to an hour and 15 minutes. You were sober 4 or 5 hours ago, no need to worry.0
none
I suggest you not take alcohol and any meds together. You may react badly in future so its better to be safe than sorry1
none
We cooked a beer-balsamic glazed ham, homemade sourdough-sage stuffing/dressing, and fried polenta triangles. There were deviled eggs a couple days ago, and there will be ham salad sandwiches for lunch tomorrow. We skipped making the succotash and mashed potatoes since we were already stuffed. There are no-bake chocolate chip cookie dough balls in the fridge, and vodka-lemon sorbet in the freezer. And all washed down with light beer. *burp* Need a nap!2
Basically yes... Now the difference might be in thermic effect... Things like alcohol, proteins and fibers are harder on digestion. Therefore you burn more calories digesting those nutrients than lets say sugar or dietary fats... But the difference is somewhat minimal(maybe 10% of difference in weight) ... 3500 calories surplus will result in about gaining a pound (opposite is also true, 3500 deficit is about losing a pound)1
alcohol is a depressant. it will make you tired make it a good day0
none
none
Yes, you will be ok. Do not drink or take any more paracetamol though.0
Ive sel harmed, been depressed, attempted suicide god knows how many times and Im the same.. I only drink at xmas or a party. At first Im bubbly to go out and have a few drinks, planning the night with mates, after a few Im all dancing, talkative then after awhile I get all depressed and **** and end up thinking about the past.. Even though I still want more.. I resolved this by trying different drinks (this may sound weird) but different alcohol has different effects- example- I drink whiskey and it makes me sociable and I end up laughing at almost anything, then vodka (which I refuse to drink now) makes me depressed, and previously quite angry.. So try some different things you never know.. If not.. Dont drink so much lol <SEMCOL>)Meee0
none
The pain you described is unrelated to ingesting either substance. The amount of tylenol in half a hydrocodone combined with alcohol wont damage your liver significantly.Years of drug abuse0
none
Stop taking opiates, you dont want to get addicted to them.0
none
Not for at least 4 hours after you took the pills.0
no it will not affect the rate at which your foot heals and has nothing to do with it . The only thing to care is that if you are taking oral medicament (to attenuate pain or for another function) , it may cause some perturbation in your body under the influence of alcohol this is because some medicament (but not all) are not compatible with alcohol so that when both (the medicament and the alcohol) are in the same body they cause negative effects but if you are not taking oral medicament then alcohol will never affect the rate at which your foot heals. if you are taking an oral medicament , you may write it and I will tell you if it compatible with alcohol or not (matter of precaution) one last remark is , of course, to drink with moderation but this is another story0
none
none
Anyone can become addicted to alcohol at any age. When alcohol is abused to the point where the individual cannot function, the individual has become an alcoholic.1
it is a possibility, specialy if that teenager has a anxiety disorder . he can become dependent . others dont like alcohol because of the negative effects like nausea and the hangoverexperience0
no, it doesnt work that way0
I was drinking more than 1/2 litter of vodka for 5-6 years every night and I never had better time in my life nor I ever looked better than then . Than I just stopped for no good reason and life became extremely boring for me .0
No, its just called coffee. Nightcaps are necessarily alcoholic.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nightcap_(   2
none
you need to find away to confront her and get her to stop drinking. maybe your house needs to be dry (your dad could occasionally go to the bar with friends) what ever it was that will make her realize she needs to stop maybe tell her you might talk to the rest of your family if she doesnt. Tell her how much it upsets you! Anytime you see any alcohol in your house, throw it away, advise your family to do the same0
Unless you love finding yourself with a poisoned liver and in need of an expensive organ transplant, you hafta stop. Also, its illegal for you to even take a sip of booze because youre underage by 1 (or 3) years.0
none
Yes1
The pork prohibition is based on a general misunderstanding on the nature of pigs.3
this can be a problem for people whove had prolonged alcohol abuse, youve reduced your tolerance to alcohol and alcohol abstinence is your only hope0
No, Regular drinking of alcohol is bad for health!0
if you took it once and after 4-5hrs then alittle wine theres no problem only make sure you dont mix them again ibuprofen is very strong anti-inflammatory drug and mixing it with alcohol could make its side effect worse.nurse0
Technically, it causes slight brain swelling and that is what we feel. If we drink a normal amount, its not dangerous, but abuse can destroy brain cells. It can also make us sleepy because our liver and kidneys are telling our brains that we need to sleep so it can clean our bodies of the alcohol so that it doesnt kill us.1
Are you going to be donating a kidney soon? If not, have that beer.0
Because the pendulum has swung too far.3
none
none
Enough to drown a whaleSea world0
"And why cant they just look at the birthdate and know that I am at least 21?" Because they would get fired if they did! There are policies put in place, some by the local authorities, and others by the employer. If your employer instructs you to do it that way, then that is what you must do. If a clerk happens to sell to an underage patron, who do you suppose gets in the worst trouble? Thats right, THE BOSS or owner that holds the license! They will get the biggest fines, and possibly lose the alcohol license.1
none
none
none
Its the Koran. It says that when you see an unbeliever, smite at their neck until you make a great slaughter of them. Now what does that tell you? It says, to take not Jews and Christians as your friend. Kill the infidel.Ex muslim who will fight islam till last breath1
none
none
500 cl is just short of a UK pint (20fl oz is a uk pint 16 in USA) so 500milligrames is 10 % of almost a pint0
none
Probably nothing permanent. I did that once when I was 16 or 17. Got temporary alcohol poisoning, was sick as hell for about 2 days. Hope she learns a lesson. She probably will.2
none
none
none
1 beer, no. but since your young we know how you act, just crash at their house its new years. have fun0
none
Extremely bad for them. Had he finished that one drink, despite his size, that one drink could potentially kill him. 3 licks isnt likely to be that extreme or cause any permanent liver damage, though. It might cause some temporary/minor issues (but livers are resilient) - or it may not. Really depends on how much those 3 licks got.1
Id be like dude. I gotta tell you something. "You gotta stop drinking, I dont want to see you in a coffin. I dont want to see you get into trouble or hurt. I want you to be safe and to stop." Yupp. That came from the heart.^_^0
Nice thought but it would NEVER work how are you going to stop this person from buying alcohol? Great, you mark their ID now they get someone else to buy it for them so you create a blackmarket for liquor. Look drugs are illegal it doesnt stop people from buying them making it illegal for a certain class of people isnt going to do anything. Even if we made alcohol illegal for everybody it wouldnt work because we already tried that during prohibition and it FAILED horribly.0
none
none
Smoke is safe, I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t advise liquor or any alcohol at all though0
none
Rum.1
Yes to both questions.0
Nope. But they will never do it because the war on drugs employees lots of government workers and spends a lot of taxpayers money. Progressives love that idea. Giving them the ability to tell others what to do with their own bodies gives them tingles up their leg.2
none
none
The high alcohol content alone will mean no more to your body than consuming a couple of drinks of lower proof, as the body mainly sees/reacts to the total quantity of alcohol that is imbibed, not the strength of any one drink.. That said, the stronger it is, the more the temptation to swallow it quickly and see what effects it has and a few drinks becomes the same alcohol amount swallowed as two or more times normal drinks all consumed in the same time frame.. This is a shady area because it is quite possible to swallow too much and too quickly, which makes the bodys system go into overload and the alcohol becomes increasingly toxic. At that point it is called alcohol poisoning and it can kill you..0
the bible says "drunkards will not inherit the kingdom of God" 1 Corinthians 6:9-102
none
Try and find this http://www.dogfish.com/tweasonale DFH is a quality brewery... here is a list of some others... http://www.mensfitness.com/nutrition/wha    personally Ive never tried any of them... and I am a beer geek. Ive heard they are not very good... but if it was all I could drink Id start with the DFH one. Bigger beer stores have gluten free sections these days.0
none
What I do is drink an acid reducer and that helps a lot0
none
Genetics is just one factor amongst many.0
none
Grape juice sparkling0
In the bottle, not so much. In your blood, a lot.2
No it is not. You will regret this one day. You will be punished eternally.0
none
Yes. Alcohol is a depressant. If you can stomach the shot without a rise in blood pressure due to regurgitation, it should have exactly that effect.0
It is not likely your liver got affected seriously from one bout of drinking. it could be an allergy.0
none
none
none
You will probably have to pay for it.0
If you want, you can.0
Cuz it makes me feel good? Usually just stick with beer.1
none
well you can probly leave germany with it, but it might be confiscated in us0
Weed is 4 times more potent of causing lung cancer than normal cigarettes: true story0
go to the store and look, or google it. Rite-Aid has the best prices0
I long ago cut my drinking back to next to nothing because the awful hangovers werent worth it. Consider yourself lucky if you never develop the taste for alcohol again.0
What kind of pill did you take?1
Booze and tablets never really mix - although you should be ok.0
none
You appear to have an allergy to alcohol, or you just have a really, really low tolerance. I know some people like this. You are definitely not alone. One of my friends only drinks beer because as soon as she takes a sip of any other kind of alcohol, she gets bad stomach pains.1
No. It is still in your bloodstream. Nothing to do with how well you tolerate it. UK1
none
None0
yes, it depends on what type of medication, read the pill bottle to see if it says do not use with alchohol1
none
I take it you arent in the UK? Because if I were you, I wouldnt bother stealing any, Id just go to the shop and buy some since you are old enough to buy it here. People fill it back up with water, but you will get caught. It belongs to your mum and is stealing. You shouldnt ever do that, your mum and you should have trust and this trust should be far more important than your drink.0
It sounds like she just jumped to conclusion, and you being an alcoholic was the conclusion she landed on. I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink either, because it interacts with my meds. I&#x27<SEMCOL>m sure there are many people who assume that I am pregnant or a recovering alcoholic. I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t really care, and you shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t eitherLife1
none
none
Soap and water would be more effective...0
none
Do what you feel is right0
none
A 40oz. King Cobra Malt Liqour.0
none
none
none
It could be something in commercial beer. I read a guy breaks out in acne but not with home brew, some people itch from commercial beer. I am not an expert, mind you, but it could be an allergic reaction.0
Well for one you shouldnt have taken any medicine. And two you mixed a little bit of everything after the fact that you had those mixed drinks. Drink water, lots of it. I heard greasy food helps too but dont eat different kinds. Coffee might help. Just try not to have all three of you wont get better. You might have to suffer the consequences and endure it. When you drink you get dehydrated so water is a must.0
Yes, your father is an alcoholic. Call AA and see if they can send a team to talk him into attending AA meetings. There is also an AlAnon for families and children of alcoholics.0
I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t risk itMe0
none
40% usually.1
none
No    Help you one another in Al-Birr and At-Taqwa (virtue, righteousness and piety)<SEMCOL> but do not help one another in sin and transgression    --[Quran 5:2]9
Just as recovering smokers crave tobacco.0
none
It is possible- I got alc poisoning after drinking 600ml of strait vodka...it was not a pretty sight. I would suggest sleeping it off. I found I couldnt drink any water because I threw it up strait away. It was the worst pain I have ever experienced in my life and I havent been able to drink anything strait since. Hope you get well soon :)0
none
If all the muslims in the world ate pork and drank alcohol, it doesnt change the truth about Islam. Islam is the way of Allah and what he decreed for the entire mankind. I invite you dear brother to the fold of Islam. To worship the creator and not the creation To leave the idols of this world that are stick and stones or human beings.2
I dont think you would want to call 911, because 911 would not consider drinking by a person under 21 to be an emergency<SEMCOL> and I believe the police would be more interested in whoever supplied him with alcohol than they would be in Derek. Derek would most likely receive minor-in-possession charges, which is always a misdeameanor (for a 1st offense) and it could end up on his permanent record. The person who supplied the alcohol could face, at a minimum, 6 months in jail, a $1000 fine, or both. However, a lot would depend upon WHERE Derek was when he drank alcohol. In many states, it is perfectly legal for a parent to offer alcohol in the privacy of the home to his own under-age child<SEMCOL> and it is legal for an under-age child to accompany his parents to a bar and drink there, IF he is in the company of his parents.1
Thats for a judge to decide based on this case. Hell hear her side of the story and decide if he wants to hear witness testimony. Such as the bartender and any of her friends that were present at the time as well. *Keep in mind he may have given her a bunch of free drinks. But she knowingly took drugs earlier that day of her own free will. And chose to drink while she was on certain prescriptions. So even if the judge determines that the bartender(her x-boyfriend) is responsible,she shoulders some of that as well because of her choices. Shes 21. Not 12. Time to grow up and deal with real life!4
If youre wondering why you vomited after brushing your teeth: I have a hunch that it wasnt caused so much from drinking as it was from your gag reflex. I also have a fairly strong gag reflex, and often I feel as if Im going to vomit (or at least I gag a lot) when I brush my teeth -- even if I havent been drinking. Especially early in the morning, after I wake up.1
none
none
I dont know if the alcohol is jump starting an infection or not. I do have to wonder if you have an immune disorder of some sort, given that you seem to be getting more than your fair share of infections. You would be wise to get a referral to an immunologist and get tested.I have an immunodeficiency which wasnt properly diagnosed until I was in my 40s, even though I had been getting frequent infections all my life.0
none
Uhhh, you know that rubbing alcohol is not for drinking, dont you?3
none
You have to provide photo i.d. and your vehicles license plate number when you buy duty-free goods, and that information is transmitted to the U.S. Border agents. If your vehicle fails to show up at the border within a reasonable period of time, Canadian authorities are alerted, and someone is going to be in a whole lot of you-know-what.8
I do it for the buzz and it helps me sleep at night1
none
none
Things you need to know first= Engines are either made for gasoline or diesel. Others have changed the engine to other fuels, but in the long run, like 8 years, They had to replace each engine at 8 years with a new one. Theres a new car coming to America to be manufactured and it runs on water. MikeFactual Logic0
dont know about the pills but i always have a cup of coffee after drinking alcohol so i can get home safe lol0
none
none
Check out Barnivore.com. It has a list of what alcohols are vegan and what arent. If you have an iPhone or iPod Touch, you can also get the VeganXpress app (which lists vegan options at chain restaurants, vegan foods, and has vegan beer, wine, and liquor guides. Theres also an app called VeganIsEasy, which lists what booze is vegan and what isnt and also whether or not some ingredients are vegan or not.2
If you get a public defender you will be lucky. Be smart and hire a private attorney.0
Wine and beer/ale have been the standard drink for people in areas where water was unsafe to drink which was just about everywhere. The fermentation process kills nasty bacteria in the water making beer or wine a very safe drink. As just about every culture has an alcohol tradition, banning it would just promote organised crime. It is controlled in civilised societies just as all recreational drugs should be.7
Because thats the way the people have wanted it.History, knowledge of.0
none
none
none
none
If you like chocolate I would suggest the following beers... Youngs Double Chocolate Stout - this beer actually does have a small amount of dark chocolate added when they brew the beer. It wont taste like a chocolate candy bar but you will taste the chocolate malts. Yeah, they call "double" because it has chocolate added and chocolate barley malts. You see, they press the barley for its sugar contents and it gives the beer a chocolatey taste. I do strongly recommend the canned version though because it has a nitrogen widget that ignites when you open the beer. The bottle version doesnt have this. The widget just gives the beer a very creamy texture to it. Some people might think this beer would have a lot of calories but it has about the same amount as a regular Budweiser, which is about 150 calories, but it tastes 100x better than Bud. Picture - http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_tHKgBPD59uc/TK    All the creaminess you see in this picture is from the nitrogen, it will fade after a few minutes. This is a high quality beer, pour into glass, enjoy the view, see what the aroma is like, then drink it, do not drink this right out of the can! I would also recommend a Quadruple and a Porter. these two beer styles will also have a sweet taste. For a quadruple I would recommend a beer called The Reverend by the Avery Brewing Company. Tons of dark fruit flavors in this one.... like raisons, dates, figs, cherries and more. However, it is a very high alcohol beer (10% ABV), so drink slowly. The sweet taste can fool you. This is also a good beer to age. Like a fine wine it will get better with age. I would say, buy two bottles, drink one that is fresh then age the other one. I would say age it for about 1 year. Recommended aging temperature is 50-55 degrees. Keep bottle up-right though, dont tilt the bottle. Again, quality beer here... dont drink right out of bottle... Picture - http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-rN1Df_pv3sE/Td    I would also recommend 2 Porters, the first one is Black Butte Porter by the Deschuttes Brewing Company and Founders Porter, by the Founders Brewing Company. These beers will have a Chocolate and coffee flavor. they will taste kind of like a mocha. Have you ever tried a mocha? Picture - http://legalbeer.com/images/deschutes%20    http://i.imgur.com/ECF4E.jpg?1 Anyhow, its the type of barley malts they use that gives the beer a coffee like flavor. However, neither of these beers have chocolate added to them like Youngs DCS does. They just put a lot of chocolate malts into these beers. For liquor, it is almost impossible to suggest something that doesnt taste bitter. But I would highly recommend Cognac for your first try. Sure, it will have a bitter alcohol taste but it wont be as intense as some of the other types of alcohol and you will actually be able to taste some other flavors too. Cognac and Brandy are distilled wines. I would suggest Couvoisier VS. its a good first cognac. Picture - http://thg-shpk.com/kosovo/sites/default    Flavored alcohol might be a better option for your first time, you should try peppermint schnapps or Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey. they are very sweet. anyhow.. good luck...1
an alcoholic will usually have only one type of drink they use all the time. For my ex-mother in law, she is an alcoholic and drinks 3-4 glasses of wine each night, and my roomate is partial to drinking rum and cokes and drinks several times a day. I drink on occasion, once or twice every week or so. I like a variety of stuff0
It is a better life to love and to be forgiving. I dont know how long you might think this life lasts but the reality is that it is quickly fleeting. You can love and forgive someone and still maintain a healthy distance. I do agree with you though about these issues. It is said thing to see really, I know of other people who are that same way and turn to alcoholic because they feel so empty inside. Alcohol leads to debauchery. Feel free to send me a message if you would like someone to talk to.0
No, I spend some on cigarettes.0
none
Well in my experience, alcohol is only drunk for the sole purpose of getting drunk. Getting drunk alone, with your mother is pretty boring. THATS why guys go to bars and drink. Also youre 18, save the booze for a party. Dont waste it on a shitty night with your mother.0
do you mean denatured and alkyline0
I think it is good idea by the way. But yes for children it will create an urge in them to try it. We have special numbers for that anyway.0
Yes, this is tolerance. Yes, this is alcohol abuse. Yes, this is unhealthy. But youre 15. You probably dont think youll need your brain when youre 30. Youre clearly not using it now.0
Sure you can. However whether or not the old ID is accepted depends on the establishment where you want to get a drink.4
none
none
There is no such thing as secondhand drinking.1
Yes, if your sofa is on fire then throwing alcohol on it is not the best solution.4
none
if you have to hide alcohol from someone, you shouldnt be drinking. drinking is for adults.0
none
YOU RUINED YOUR LIFE!!!!! I do not understand why women like you marry losers and then complain and blame them for their actions!!! Please explain to us how a marriage can help an alcoholic to stop drinking and abusing you??? That was your thinking not his!!! Marrying him was your mistake not his!! YOU HAVE THE PROBLEM!!! You settle for a alcoholic because you thought you could not do any better!!! Now its up to you to leave him because he is not going to change!!1
none
none
There is a key, which may sound a bit simplistic: "Indulgence, NOT compulsion!" Do you drink because you want to, or because you have to? Compulsive alcohol use is a dead street.0
none
none
No it wont kill you.0
Who knows? Maybe you should ask her rather than try to interpret what it means.0
without more information, it is hard to give you a really great answer, but you can try one of these places in your area to see if they have what you are looking for. http://twincreeksfarms.com/ http://www.elks.org/lodges/lodgefaciliti    http://www.austins.com/0
If youre drinking to escape reality only on weekends,youre probably alcohol dependant,but not an alcoholic. Alcohol is a depressant,so wont help you if you are already depressed.Alcoholic for 35 years.4
Ibuprofen is detoxed in your kidneys and alcohol is detoxed in your liver. They do not interfere with each other. Youd have to be using a lot of it (above recommended usage) to weaken your stomach lining. Taking Tylenol, on the other hand, is a different story. It is detoxed in your liver. (Your body has two garbage disposals-liver and kidneys. You just want to make sure you dont use one too much at a time, so Advil with alcohol is OK. In fact, I prescribed vicoprofen in lieu of tylenol with codeine all day for toothaches, because when my patients drink against my directions tomorrow, at least their livers wont be in trouble.)1
Tell him "Hell no!!!" Simple as that3
none
You can drink right now if you want, you are your own man or women, i dont think mixing milk and booze in your stomach will do anything to you, people even sometimes mix drinks like thatNot an idiot1
Close.0
0
She is either already pregnant or this month hasnt worked. If you had unprotected sex around ovulations(2dwys either side) she should not be drinking until she either gets her period or doesnt.1
https://www.thewatershed.com/blog/alcoho   0
Everyone on here is going to tell you the same thing: That alcohol free weddings are perfectly fine and there must be something wrong with anyone that needs alcohol to have a good time. However, those people are really being dishonest. I have been to well over 100 weddings as a wedding photographer, and the dry weddings are different. If there is a DJ, maybe people will dance for 5 minutes before returning to their seats. They will talk for a bit, and then most people will leave shortly after dinner. Dry weddings just dont have as much energy. People can make judgments about how it is wrong for those people to have less fun because there isnt alcohol, but I am basing my observations on dozens of dry weddings of total strangers, not on personal experience with friends.3
BOTH. Also, most likely loss of license. Why cant you go on the DMVs website and find the answer?2
Yellow Tail Moscato!!!! It tastes sweet, like candy. It is the most un-wine-y wine ever, love it. its like 6 or 7 dollars a bottle too, cheap!0
none
none
Idk... Tell him to get or you move to different house?1
Only known cure is hair of the dog. Try 15 shots again and youll be fine.0
Stop before you have a heart attack.0
I expect its because youre drinking US mass-market beer, which is full of gas and rubbish and is enough to make anyone feel bloated - although some feel its effects more than others. Stick to good beer - "craft beer" is what its usually known as in the USA - and youll be fine. Oh, and dont drink to get drunk. Getting drunk is immature, unpleasant and dangerous.55 years of drinking beer of all kinds.0
Better health and a longer life, obviously. Its well documented that moderate drinking-one drink /day for women or two for men-offers health benefits, but you can get the same effect by eating a healthy diet and being active. Not ever smoking offers only benefits. There is absolutely no positive side to smoking.1
To fit in.1
Its not compulsory - especially not for 15 year olds. If you dont like it, dont drink it. You may acquire a taste for it later in life - then wish you hadnt.1
none
none
none
none
I would go for it :) itll be fun! Im babysitting tonight :/ so itll be more fun then that! :) x0
mixing alcohol with drugs is dangerous. If the Anadin Extra has a warning label telling you to only take it every so often then wait until the next time you can take it if your toothache is still there0
Ecstasy is illegal, and it can cause psychotic episodes. Not to mention heart attack. Sounds like a real fun time.1
Probably you will have to do washing rituals and pray for this great sin .0
https://www.thewatershed.com/tour/the-wa   1
You can never go wrong with vodka and some sort or fruit juice like oj or give alive and a splash of Grenadine if needed. There are so many drinks I am making tonight. Ill edit my answer and add more asap0
none
A pharmacist would probably be a good person to ask.0
i smell evil thoughts 3:)0
if your still getting a "buss" maybe you should take the short bus to AA and get help. But if you like the taste, you wont be getting a BUZZ, you will enjoy one or two and leave it at that....0
While Southpaw is absolutely correct, I, as a pharmacist, and a Ph.D. in Pharmacology can tell you that it is ok to consume alcohol IN MODERATION. The key is moderation. If you have an Irish Creme OR 2 beers, or a G&T, no problem. If you have all of the above, you may have a serious problem. Take it easy, and enjoy the New Year.1
After much personal research, I have determined the reason: The laws are different.1
none
none
Make sure you are using a good quality Vodka. I usually preferred Absolut back when I used to drink more frequently (now I usually only drink beer or wine). Make screwdrivers or push-ups to dilute the taste of the alcohol!0
none
none
none
If alcohol was a good thing you would be asked to drink much while you were a teenager. Use your brain and its telling you to stay out of it.0
Itd be pretty bad for your kidneys. Not a good idea.1
it should be fine, dont worry. party on!!!!0
none
Beer and mead are made using BREWERS yeast, NOT baking yeast. My husband and I found that out the hard way, using baking yeast. It was undrinkable it was so horrible. Alcohol is made by fermenting and distilling. Unless you have a still, you wont be making alcohol. Dont try to make beer until you have the right equipment and know what you are doing. It will be a waste of your money and time otherwise.1
2-3 beers would be OK.0
Of course not.1
none
I guess you have never heard of a rum and coke....which is full of caffeine.1
none
Whiskey is good for all occasions.0
just dont say anything just sip and go bout your business0
You should ask him in the presence of your parents whether there will be drugs and alcohol in the party?1
DONT DO THAT!!0
none
A lot of food and/or water to help the alcohol pass through your system faster.0
29 alcohols0
Its not a sin but you cant get drunk.2
Youre lucky - and youre probably not an alcoholic. Alcoholics use alcohol differently than you do. Booze makes them feel good... Booze makes you feel like hammered sh*t. So count your blessings. You can certainly go on to abuse alcohol and even kill yourself in a fiery car accident while drunk - but you probably will never attain the full status of "Hopeless Alcoholic".0
you should start smoking pot no hang overs and u sleep like a BABY no fear your gonna love sleeping remember NO HANG OVERS N NO THROW UP EWW and if you wanna throw up before you go to sleep try some alka seltzer1
Well its not a good idea to drink on an empty stomach thats how many collage students and people die from alcohol posioning and stuff. Maybe if you like eat something you know you will feel better its pretty simple when your hungry those are the side effects.... take care of your body.1
A single glass of wine or bottle of beer is unlikely to make you drunk. However, the amount it would take for you to get drunk isnt much less than the amount it would take to make you sick. And you dont have to get drunk for the first time when youre 18, or ever, really. Im 31 and Ive never been drunk, and I dont feel like Im missing anything.0
none
No, and please dont try them. The physical and mental impacts of taking those things are terrible. I would only consider someone boring if they couldnt keep up a good conversation.1
First and foremost, go to this site and read up on what they have to say: http://al-anon.alateen.org/?gclid=CL6i1-    What youll find is that the drunk must decide to dry out and you cant do much of anything for them except to not enable them. Youll probably find that your mother is a dry drunk which means that she controls her drinking but the motivation for it is still there. Youve got some work to do because growing up in an alcoholic household "bends" you in ways that may make life difficult. It is a load but you can do well with some effort and learning.0
none
none
none
Because without it life is ******* boring as ****2
Good. If it could replace alcohol, we   d all be safer. Just saw some news on it. There was a very, very long line outside of people waiting to make a purchase. One guy was still in his pajama bottoms, but everyone else looked pretty normal. An Iraq Veteran was the first person to make a purchase in the state.7
I am sure0
none
0
lol champagne is really sweet, it was probably just that. i feel nauseous sometimes if i have more than one glass of champagne or sparkling grape juice inside of half an hour because its just too much sugar at once. or your body just doesnt like champagne (because of something besides the sugar or alcohol). try like a beer or a vodka shot and see if that does anything. also, it wont ruin your high school experience at all to not drink! haha smh plus if you drank on an empty stomach or mixed kinds of alcohol, that can make people feel sick. alcohol allergies are really rare, so i REALLY doubt youre actually allergic to alcohol.16, junior (girl)0
it is DELICIOUS..it tastes just like apple pie. you cant taste any alcohol..0
It is VERY important to know if the test is an EtG test. If that is the case then you will almost certainly fail. The EtG test is looking for a hormone your body releases when it process any amount of alcohol. That hormone stays in your system in detectable amounts for about 80hrs.1
dude alcohol is the deadliest drug known to man! thats a fact!!5
almost exactly the same, yes1
none
Some are shaped to retain the bubbles. Some are shaped to contain the aroma. Some are shaped to help your hand warm it.3
none
Dragon Soop is a relatively strong alcoholic beverage. Two cans should get any person drunk. The point is not being drunk or not but how you conduct yourself while drinking. Chances are strong that two cans of Dragon Soop will get you drunk. Be strong and deal with it like a man, or woman as it may be.3
none
none
Beer always bloats me out to the point where I know im hungry but wont eat much because my stomach is too uncomfortable, I havent tried just sticking with one type of drink but sticking with similar type drinks e.g. spirits then I doubt it will bloat you very much, beer and cider are known to bloat you as they are acidic, wine is said to give you a bad head im not sure if makes you feel bloated0
While drinking alcohol is acceptable in many societies, "getting drunk" is not. People are expected to hold their liquor and drink responsibly.0
Sorry, but yes it sounds like it.1
none
% composition of what? C, H, and O? water and acid? We need more information.0
When studying the fermentation of sugar to alcohol by yeast, Louis Pasteur concluded that the fermentation was catalyzed by a vital force, called "ferments," within the yeast cells. The "ferments" were thought to function only within living organisms. "Alcoholic fermentation is an act correlated with the life and organization of the yeast cells, not with the death or putrefaction of the cells," he wrote. Nevertheless, it was known that yeast extracts can ferment sugar even in the absence of living yeast cells. While studying this process in 1897, Eduard Buchner of Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany, found that sugar was fermented even when there were no living yeast cells in the mixture, by a yeast secretion that he termed zymase. In 1907 he received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his research and discovery of "cell-free fermentation."0
none
210
It means it was strong. You shouldnt drink something when you dont know what it is either.1
You need to learn to write and spell. I think we all have faults, Christians tend not to stone rape victims to death4
none
i gotta ask what tests?0
Thats exactly what it means. It also seems odd that blazing up a cigar sized doobie is AOK indoors with the lil kiddies present. Yet, the same idiots want to forbid tobacco around the same kids. So, a cigarette is child abuse. But a doobie is not? Im confused!!! No wait, Im suddenly craving steak flavored chips and 7/11 burritos!0
Alcohol doesnt stay in your system for long. It stays for like, 24 hours and thats actually drinking it, not just sipping. So i doubt it. If you barely had any it shouldnt be in your system more than a few hours, if in your system at all.0
Should be out of your system by then. Alcohol usually gets out of your system in 24hrs0
Sure, as long as you meet the age restrictions of that country.1
none
none
if you did have alcohol poisoning, you wouldnt be asking this question. youre fine.0
Age is 18. You have to have a licence to serve alcohol. Its very easy to obtain though. With a small fee and a short class youll have your license in no time.0
none
none
The alcohol is the least of your worries You are cutting it real close on the MJ1
When you are going to attach an OH to phenol, you have to use other reactants to guide the OH to the para position as that is the most energetically favorable position. Ortho and meta positions are not. In contrast, for aliphatic compounds you can attach them in any configuration.0
Moonshine0
5 or 10 years maybe. If the flask is metal it may pick up a metallic taste.0
You can make anything virgin. A virgin pina colada or a virgin shirley temple are popular choices.1
No its not an alcohol poisioning but its just a reaction shown by your body against the alcohol, so you better stop drinking.0
The 18th amendment is moot via the 21st amendment... check it!!1
Ok, first....what are you saying here? Your wording implies that the only reason youre avoiding a banquet hall is you dont like the food. This makes so little sense that Im guessing youre really saying you cant afford them? Ive never heard banquet hall food referred to as fancy. Anyway, Ill take you at your word, in which case the obvious answer is use a banquet hall. By the time you add in all the hidden costs for throwing a massive wedding in a utilitarian type place like a VFW, it wont be that much cheaper. Have you priced tablecloths and dinnerware for that many? What about decorations? You dont need to decorate banquet halls. Also, in most cases, when these places do allow alcohol, there are permits and restrictions that need to be met. Sometimes this includes professional bartenders.0
all western women are expected to drink, arent they? in the culture i was born, women thought only those uncivilized drink and it happened in a little bit in rural area and mostly among those westernised. the majority of both men and women were against or unsupportive of western ideology and really conservative. even women who came to live in western countries avoid drinking - but not those who are Christians. males drink but people didnt really like those who drink regularly. but drunkards were everywhere.1
Why would they feel uncomfortable, unless a few idiots drink too much or cant handle their drink you will be fine.1
Prayer! I dont get out much but when I do, it seems theres always those who are so inconsiderate of other drivers. And some of them are obviously under the influence of something. So I pray for them, rather than getting all upset, shouting profanities, or flipping them off. I have lived with alcoholics all my life. Those closest to me, I still pray for. There is little else I can do. Although prayer does work miracles. I have been so blessed to have witnessed them many times in the lives of others. I have helped many, many people over the years who have chosen their own walks of life, unsuccessfully. They have fallen through the cracks of what society dictates but, they are still human beings. They have their own battles within, we know nothing of. I am just thankful that I have been more fortunate and, I try to show this appreciation through others in the way of prayer. God does hear our prayers... :D Peace and Blessings always...2
Shes not an addict if she does her work.0
none
Alcohol will give you a great buzz and make life better.0
none
none
none
I really would not risk it. I highly doubt you would get in significant trouble, you would probably just have to pay a fine depending on the state but still I wouldnt risk it. Just find someone who is 21 when you get back to college.1
Do what puffs said but honestly if I were you Id go to an ER! I wouldnt risk something like this! May God bless you and best wishes!0
Congratulations on 550 days sober! You make a good point. But some people need the group support of others, and they find it in AA1
There is a brand of wine called Skinny Girl. It has less calories than regular wine. I know they sell it at CVS.Shopping0
none
You can bring alcohol but there is a limit usually the limit is five liters . I think if your mom explained it, it would be okay. In the rules i havent seen anything about age.0
none
Yea when I was underage along with my friend, we would just get our friends who were 18 to buy. If you are really desperate get a fakie but that&#x27<SEMCOL>s gonna cost you a bit of cash. I live in Melbourne Australia and only have been 18 for like a year so I felt your pain. Enjoy haha1
none
No. Done properly (which means with the right kind of yeast added), bananas can provide sugar for the yeast to feed on. Yeast metabolize the sugar into alcohol. If youre just counting on the yeast that happen to be in your environment, that is a very, very, very bad idea. We call it alcohol as if it were one thing, but what we call alcohol is just one type of alcohol called ethyl alcohol (also known as ethanol). If you are using the random yeast that are in your kitchen air to metabolize the fruit sugar, you can end up with other kinds of alcohol, too. If you distill it properly, you get rid of those other kinds of alcohol. But you cant distill it properly. You dont have the equipment or knowledge. (Im not trying to hate on you, but if you were a licensed distiller, you wouldnt be asking this question.) Why does this matter? One other kind of alcohol that is commonly produced is called methyl alcohol, also known as methanol or wood alcohol. This is much more intoxicating than ethyl alcohol, so youll think that the drink is great. What you wont realize is that methanol is highly toxic to brain cells. If you keep doing this, you will lose enough brain cells that you will be permanently blind. This is called moonshine blindness.1
15 litres a week is a lot of wine! For a woman, anything over about 1 litre per week of wine is considered to be a "high risk" level of drinking. What you describe is a "functional alcoholic".0
rachael u can google it..and i think it saves a lot of time....I THINK ITS GOOD TO USE BRAIN SOMETIME,,,,1
none
Had you had medical attention, you would know. Dont play with your health, talk to your doctor.0
none
none
04
I wouldnt ask that before asking her out. You put that in your profile so a girl knows in ADVANCE. Then when you ask her out, she can read your profile and either accept your offer or decline by not answering you. Good luck.0
none
It is illegal. The drinking age is 21.0
Former alcoholics and people who are on an Alcoholic Anonymous program or other program to stop drinking, should not eat food that contains alcohol. No matter what youre told, not all the alcohol used in recipes cooks out, though most of it does. I would also think that there are conditions or illnesses that would preclude one from drinking, like pregnancy or being on certain medications.0
6% means that its basically equivalent to beer. A standard drink of beer is 355ml. Math: 750/355= 2.11 Therefore, your bottle of sangria is roughly equivalent to 2 beers. Since 6% is stronger than many beer brands, lets round it up to 2.5 standard drinks to be more cautious.0
none
alcohol cant kill virus but can kill u slowly if u drink it will damage liver can cause of heart diseases0
none
Dont get addicted or drink too much0
No, in the UK you can legally drink at home from 7 years old. At 14 you can buy wine witn a meal. So no it is not illegal. Depending on where one resides.2
Some names arent bad..some arent good. I only like Brandi, sherry, and Bailey.0
I love Stella & Bailey bc they r real names, not just alcoholic beverages1
Yes, it is 16%. ***Edit*** 25ml of 0.4 units of alcohol becomes 16 percent of alcohol. 25x16/1000=0.4 ------- You need to know the amount (volume) of liquid youre drinking that contains the alcohol. E.g 40 percent of alcohol multiplied by 700ml and then divided by 1000 equals 28 units of alcohol. - typical whisky. The formula is: Percentage(amount)/1000 = alcohol percentage. But since you have the amount of units, the formula would be: 0.4 units = Percentage times volume then divided by 1000. I work out my units only after Im drunk.1
Drink as much as your body desires just dont get sick. If u can take it and youre fine, I dont see why you should stop. Have fun and dont drink and drive!0
That is the same thing as theraflu and no you should not.http:&#x2F<SEMCOL>&#x2F<SEMCOL>www.drugs.com&#x2F<SEMCOL>cdi&   0
A homoogous series of alcohols would be something like CH3OH CH3CH2OH CH3CH2CH2OH CH3CH2CH2CH2OH ... CH3(CH2)n(CH2OH This would be a homologous series of unbranched aliphatic primary alcohols. Any one of them (e.g. CH3CH2OH) would be called a member of the homologous series.1
Youre right. It is or was very high. He needs to check it and be adjusting his insulin. Ask him WHAT the number is. It should be in the neighborhood of 100. Just make him test it often as long as you smell him.physiology degree- and a friends hubby did this at their wedding1
none
I thought this question was going to be fun...and then you said &quot<SEMCOL>verses&quot<SEMCOL>.Your friendly neighborhood atheist, A.2
Everyone&#x27<SEMCOL>s curious about stuff they&#x27<SEMCOL>ve never done. I wouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t suggest going out and doing it because you&#x27<SEMCOL>re not of age but you&#x27<SEMCOL>re always going to wonder until it happens. Just talk to people who have before and ask them what it&#x27<SEMCOL>s like.0
I would try a flavored rum they are sweeter then vodka and whiskey.0
it already has been greatly restricted . When was the last time you saw a add for beer on TV ? Young people drink because they want to get plastered not because of any advertising. 1am closing has worked in Newcastle.3
none
People get brain damage from drinking, for example, because it depletes the bodys supply of vitamin B1, thiamine. I dont know if thats the only way it causes brain damage, but that will definitely do the job. If youre going to be a worthless alcoholic, do yourself the favor at least of taking a B1 pill once in a while. Of course, most alcoholics are far too clever to fall for that simple advice0
none
none
none
never mix alcohol with pills... just dont do it...0
none
i dont know if you are an alcoholic. only you can decide that. one of the "typical tests" are is alcohol causing problems in your life ? It sounds like you were depressed already. and alcohol is a depressant -it will make a depression worse overall. why not go to a few AA meetings in the month you are taking off ? They have people who are good at being sponsors. see if you hear anything you agree with or helps gives you information.0
none
Its your parents car so I think your parents would cover for yall if they stopped them and they have no proof that it was you because its not even your car. they can lie and make an excuse like you didnt bring your license or whatever. I wouldnt sweat too much over it. People have wrecks and write down license plates like my mom did on a drunk driver that hit her and they did absolutely nothing and this is more petty then that1
Wow you really are a new drinker. No. I would be deeply surprised if a 40oz beer caused alcohol poisoning to a 54 anorexic. If you drank 40oz of scotch or whiskey, then Id believe alcohol poisoning would be realistic.1
No. In the US, it is illegal to have alcohol (open or closed bottle, doesnt matter) under the age of 21.0
Eat bread drink water. And wait ..... Puking is good it will empty his stomach from lq0
none
Dont ever try alcohol. I know it seems like a normal path for most people, but its better if you stay away from it at any age. It can lead to dangerous things, it can lead to health problems, it doesnt lead to good things. There are so many other healthy things to enjoy about life than alcohol. Like nature, books, amusement parks, etc. People dont need alcohol in their lives, they need to find the uniqueness in themselves. Thats what you need to do. I know youre unique, every human being is. Find your talent :).0
none
none
Listen to Eminem. Many of his songs are from the heart, about his life.1
Fermentation of anything will produce alcohol. But how much and how drinkable the resultant liquid might be is very much open to speculation.0
None of these alcohols is acidic enough (or basic enough) to affect litmus paper. The sample of butan-2-ol must have been contaminated.2
none
if youre thinking of suicide please dont do it theres people out there dying and suffering and they dont give up neither should you get to a therapist or doctor here are some suicide hotlines dont give up tell someone you can be happy and healthy National Adolescent Suicide Hotline 800-621-4000 United States: 1-800-273-TALK 1-800-309-2131 1-800-SUICIDE United Kingdom: Hotline: +44 (0) 8457 90 90 90 (UK - local rate) Hotline: +44 (0) 8457 90 91 92 (UK minicom) Hotline: 1850 60 90 90 (ROI - local rate) Hotline: 1850 60 90 91 (ROI minicom) Canada:Hotline: +1 (905) 688 3711 +1 (905) 459 7777 +1 800 465 4442 +1 (905) 433-1121 +1 (905) 877-1211 Australia Hotline:    Lifeline 24 hour crisis support -13 11 14    Suicide Prevention Foundation (24/7) - 1800 HOLDON (1800 465 366)    Suicide Callback - 1300 659 467 in every State (available 24 hours a day) Hotlines for America: Depression Hotline: 1-630-482-9696 Suicide Hotline: 1-800-784-8433 Self Harm Hotline: 1-800-DONT CUT (1-800-366-8288) LifeLine: 1-800-273-8255 Trevor Project: 1-866-488-7386 Eating Disorders Hotline: 1-847-831-3438 Rape and Sexual Assault: 1-800-656-4673 Grief Support: 1-650-321-5272 Runaway: 1-800-843-5200, 1-800-843-5678, 1-800-621-4000 Hotlines for other Countries: Argentina: 800 5555 5522 Australia: 1800 799 338 Austria: 800 5555 5522 Belgium: 800 5555 5522 Brazil: 0800 891 7391 Canada: 866 246 9224 China: 800 5555 5522 Colombia: 800 5555 5522 Costa Rica: 00 800 5555 5522 Denmark: 00 800 5555 5522 Finland: 800 5555 5522 Germany: 800 5555 5522 Hong Kong: 800 5555 5522 Hungary: 800 5555 5522 India: 000 800 1006 614 Ireland (Republic of): 800 5555 5522 Israel: 800 5555 5522 Italy: 800 5555 5522 Japan: 800 5555 5522 Luxembourg: 800 5555 5522 Malaysia: 800 5555 5522 Mexico: 001 800 514 3716 Netherlands: 800 5555 5522 New Zealand: 800 5555 5522 Norway: 800 5555 5522 Philippines: 800 5555 5522 Portugal: 800 5555 5522 Russia: 810 800 2643 1012 Singapore: 800 5555 5522 South Africa: 800 5555 5522 South Korea: 800 5555 5522 Spain: 800 5555 5522 Sweden: 800 5555 5522 Switzerland: 800 5555 5522 (143) Taiwan: 800 5555 5522 Thailand: 800 5555 5522 UK: 08457 90 90 90 Other Hotlines: National Youth Crisis Support: 1-800-448-4663 Youth America Hotline: 1-877-YOUTHLINE ( 1-877-968-8454) Covenant House Nine-Line (Teens): 1-800-999-9999 Boys Town National: 1-800-448-3000 Teen Helpline: 1-800-400-0900 TeenLine: 1-800-522-8336 Youth Crisis Support: 1-800-448-4663 or 1-800-422-0009 Runaway Support (All Calls are Confidential): 800-231-6946 Child Helpline: (UK Only) 0800 1111 Kids Helpline (Australia): 1800 55 18000
none
Here in the UK there is no age restriction on buying anything with an alcohol content below a certain level. Its pretty low though it has to be less than 0.25% or something like that.1
if you could write correctly, I would be able to answer your question.0
Don`t let it bother You . Most of the Guy`s and Girls who I grew up with and who liked the Booze are now dead. Most were Dead before hitting 40 .1
none
none
Everyone does, not just alcoholics.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drug_tolera   1
It is not the alcohol, but all the other stuff like sugar. Other than that around 28 or so metabolism diminishes. Hot towel(not enough to burn) few times a day for pimples etc. Sore Throat. Hot tea. Normal candy(sacrifice teeth for throat). Goggle with epsom salt water. Losing weight 1) Exercise(sports, walk, pushup, dance, hike, beach, etc) 2) Avoid beef fat and butter 3) Less deep fried food 4) More non-starchy vegetables and fruits 5) Skip soda and drink alkaline water(pinch of baking soda(not powder)) but if you are old then probably need to buy machine since you dont want extra salt. 6) Brown rice(some modern varieties are pretty good tasting). 7) Replace hamburger with lean top sirloin 8) Ham instead of spam or bacon 9) Replace sugar/nutrasweet with stevia (probably only need like 1/10 or less) 10) Replace butter with extra virgin olive oil after the cooking 11) Eat extra watery oat meal as soup(ie 1 oat meal 2-4 part water) 12) Wash it extra good and lemon/orange add with salad etc., or perhaps lemonade with stevia. 13) Eat little bit nuts 14) Eat fish 15) Eat flux seed 16) beans and vegetables 17) Eat as little processed food as possible 18) Standup much as possible 19) Less fried food, baked potato without butter etc... just salt/herbs/pepper Alkaline water and oat meal sort of help kill the appetite too. Also dont excessively deprive yourself or jump into exercise too much. You dont want to yoyo and gain more weight when you give up, or stretch marks neither. You dont need health food or equipment. Eat like whole stick of celery without anything instead of potato chips etc. In social situations, eat anything (1-2 times a week). Other than that, eat all you like etc. once in a while. Type 2 diabetes. It is not that hard to beat it. 1. Same as losing weight plus 2. Gardenia plants (all parts) can be eaten. 3. Cinnamon(take it as herbal medicine) 4. Checkup with doctor, especially cortisone levels if you are 50lbs or move over weight 5. If you are female, take estrogen supplement since body dont produce enough for fat people0
All compounds have one, and only one, correct IUPAC name. Each one of your pairs has a very wrong name But 2-methyl-2-propanol and t-butyl alcohol are both acceptable names.2
Nope. You could stop breathing.0
cheap liquor tend to come up while expensive liqour tends to stay down. With both take moderation in hand because the right amount of any liquor will make you earl. Best thing is to not drink at all and watch everyone else fallout<SEMCOL> easy access to p**** when they are drunk and you are not....0
Nope, Im 15 have never smoked, only go to family parties, hate the taste of alcohol and dislike energy drinks. I think all those teens are insecure so feel they have to be doing the exact same as others. peer pressure. I think its a good thing that people look us do not want to ruin our bodies at such a young age :) x1
the only things that could rust on a tattoo machine are springs and armature bars. tips should never rust. if rust appears anywhere on ur machine then u need to break it down and thoroughly clean it before inking anyone. u can contract tetanus from injecting rust into ur skin. (ive been tattooing almost a year and have had rusted springs and armbars before, thats it. i clean my supplies the sameway.)0
Where, exactly? Inside? no. Definitely not. On your vulva? I suppose so. Why are you injured? Is it infected? If you are shaving, stop. Shaving is dumb. On second thought, maybe rubbing alcohol would be just the thing.1
The general formula for an alcohols R-OH Each alcohol has its own, different R group.0
none
Prohibitionists believed that most, if not all of the evils of society were caused by alcohol. For decades "demon rum" had been denounced as leading men into gambling, adultery, and alcoholism, women into becoming "fallen women". Their belief was that by banning the production and sales of alcohol, that people would somehow become more moral, more pious, more productive. These people completely ignored other factors that led to the vices they decried. They also failed to grasp simple human nature. Denied something legally, people simply found ways to obtain that something by illegal means. The government countered by adding poison to the industrial alcohols that were being stolen to make the liquor, thus causing the poisoning of thousands of Americans who drank the processed, deadly drinks. Criminals raked in money by the millions, establishing criminal dynasties, while using that money to corrupt the system. Police officers, lawyers, judges, and politicians were all susceptible to the lure of bribes. If not, then threat or violence undermined attempts to fight the illegal alcohol trade.1
none
none
I just took 2 vicodin 2 muscle relaxers and half a fifth of bourbon. You&#x27<SEMCOL>re good.0
You have never been in an arctic winter- they are cold dark and there is not much to do besides sit around the house which can be depressing.0
none
none
Regular Bud Light and Bud Light Lime both have an alcohol content of 4.2%. Bud Light Golden Wheat has an alcohol content of 4.1%. Bud Light Platinum has the highest alcohol content with 6.0%.http://www.ask.com/question/bud-light-al    and http://www.alcoholcontents.com/beer/1
Well, I dunno about you, but where I live, if we have a party or BBQ, we generally ask people to bring their own drinks. We of course provide some drink that is universal, anyone can have some at our parties and if we are close enough we have a glass of each others drink. I do not find it rude at all, I dont think its any of your concern, but I can see why you could be annoyed. Perhaps she is worried about drink spiking? Maybe it is just her? There are questions here that I cannot answer, but if you bring it up with her, dont say so in an accusing tone.3
You need to go to al anon to learn how to deal with alcoholics.0
none
They wont get drunk on that amount of alcohol. Whether or not you think its a good idea to train 15-year-olds to drink wine is up to you.3
Enough of that, lets get to the heart of this particular post. I would like to dedicate this post to a pretty new method of treatment for opiate addiction. This new treatment method seems really interesting and almost like that miracle cure we all desperately wish would just suddenly appear. How many times have you guys wished your addiction (and any other problems for that matter) would just magically disappear and never return? I know I certainly have. Unfortunately its not that easy and there isnt such a cure at this moment. Although, I wouldnt put it past man and science to one day really come up with something so insanely cool (seriously, some of the **** we have created is amazing). Anyways, the method of treatment I am going to be talking about here is Vivitrol.www.freebythesea.com0
Lower it to 37.5% depending on the ratio of 35% to 40% by volume.2
why would anyone get weirded out about what they are drinking? unless the one is drinking too much I wouldnt care0
none
no, i like my life simple and boring. no drama for me0
none
Alcohol:- an odourless, colourless, flavourless, volatile liquid. It`s all the other things drinks manufacturers add to or include in the creation of their drinks, that give any flavour, if you want alcohol with no discernable flavour, do what Trapper and Hawkeye did in M*A*S*H ..make your own .... If alcohol makes you ill no matter how week(sic) you may well be allergic to it, it is after all, a poison !1
3-methylbutan-2-ol2
A single glass of wine or a half of beer would be fine - stay away from any spirits or cocktails.0
its a crime to give Alcohol to a miner if you bought it or found it under an apple tree if you know its Alcohol and you give it to kids your in troble2
none
Given that theyre both EU countries, then as long as duty is included in the price (ie. its not duty-free or tax-free), you can bring any amount for personal use.0
What is happening is the alcohol is reacting with certain chemicals that are in your brain that aren&#x27<SEMCOL>t in most others. Everyone&#x27<SEMCOL>s brain has different chemicals, some if which don&#x27<SEMCOL>t like alcohol. This is also why some drunk people act differently than other drunk people. If you don&#x27<SEMCOL>t like the feeling, then I recommend you stop drinking alcohol immediately, but otherwise you should be fine0
none
Oh - what a great idea - we could call it Prohibition.6
Alcohol. No question about it. - @ThatMusicTalk1
It makes you feel great. Im pretty buzze rn and I dot have a crr in the world :)0
none
Nope ??1
both smoking and drinking are haram maybe your parents think that smoking isnt haram because it wasnt mentioned in holy quran but it was mentioned that every thing that may harm health and wastes money without a proper reason is haram that include cigarette,drugs and those kinds of things2
none
none
none
While on shore in the Bahamas you can drink at 18. Carnival has no control over what you do off the ship.3
If it isnt a problem yet, it soon will be. Talk to your doctor. Or wait until you hit bottom and are ready to admit that you need help.0
he might not be drinking but dealing with dementia since you cant find the booze0
none
none
I was born and raised in Ireland. The stereotype of a drinking culture is very true here. When I was 14, everyone my age went into fields and drank, thinking they were really cool, feeling grown up I guess. I was never into it, I was fairly disgusted actually! My first genuine drink, apart from sips here and there, was when I was maybe 16, my father came down to me and my twin brother and handed us a beer each, a Heiniken. He wanted us to learn about self control. I thought the taste was disgusting to be honest, but as I only seen my dad every 2 weeks it was a bonding time. I grew to actually hating the taste to aquiring it. I enjoyed the smoothness, the crisp taste. Anyway. I can understand why you may not like drink. You have not had a great memories of it. You could be intolerant to drink and not know it. However like my memories, drink reminds me if precious times and people grow to enjoy the buzz and the sociable effects of alcohol.My Da and I1
The American and European approaches to alcohol treatment are different. The US approach is very much influenced by the AA concepts, which include the idea that alcoholics cant have any alcohol. In Europe, the approach is much more on controlling drinking. If you drink too much, you can cut back without stopping altogether. Of course, I am speaking generally. There are clinicians in both places who break this treatment trend. If you find yourself able to reduce your drinking, then many people would say that you dont have a problem. People who follow the AA method might not say that. If you find yourself drinking to cope with stress, thats the real danger, because when you get more stressed, you drink more, and then the negative effects of drinking start adding to your stress, and you end up in a downward spiral. If you have other ways of dealing with stress, youll be OK. Nobody will worry about you if you have a tough week and end up going for an extra-long run or another yoga class or play an extra game of basketball. Be deeply honest with yourself about why you drink. If youre drinking to cope with stress, start finding other ways to deal with stress.1
Im not a Muslim, but Im pretty sure you would be. I dont think Muslims are allowed to use mind altering drugs in general and alcohol is definitely a mind altering drug that happens to be legal.3
It sounds like you might have had an allergic reaction to the alcohol, but thats just a guess. You definitely need to see a doctor0
BYOB, Bring Your Own Beer.0
ya you are alright dont be worried about that......1
190% alcohol isnt really 190%, its 94 percent. It is illegal to sell in the state of Florida. Many states have an open container law and if it is in your vehicle in an open container you are in violation of the law and it doesnt matter if you have a BAL (blood alcohol level) or not. The best advice would just be to call the Florida Highway Patrol and ask them how and if you can legally transport it into the state. After that you are on your own. You just have to use your own judgment. Just get your facts from the source first.0
The fine is variable. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s up to the judge. You MUST go to court and find out. Hope he&#x27<SEMCOL>s not in a bad mood from the case before yours.0
none
none
You need to learn to drive first. A permit will give you permission to drive, provided there is someone 21 or over in the car. Nice try.0
no .. all bathing soaps are made of vegetable oil as base ingredient....no company uses alcohol for soaps0
If you are having to ask this question you should not be consuming alcohol.Life2
Yes. Since it is against the law for minor to consume alcohol.0
I would say it might be very noticeable. Liqueurs are drunk straight, not in a mixed drink, so the difference would be more noticeable.4
5-6 servings of whatever you&#x27<SEMCOL>re drinking will get you drunk. So around 3 should get you feeling it a little0
. Because in such a state, you are a danger to yourself and others. ... And that has always been true. .2
none
Thats a phenomenally bad idea. Youre not going to just get ethyl alcohol, which is the kind of alcohol that you drink. You will also get methyl alcohol and a few other kinds of alcohols. Why does this matter? Methyl alcohol will taste the same and smell the same as ethyl alcohol. It will also get you drunk. It will get you drunker than ethyl alcohol. That doesnt sound like a problem. The problem is that methyl alcohol is very toxic to neurons. Do not do it. Seriously.1
none
none
none
Pot use is associated with a number of heart attacks and can greatly elevate blood pressure between the heart and lungs. No one here can answer your question definitively with out tests, anxiety issues can also cause some of your symptoms.0
none
I dont know.0
You can do anything you want if you set your mind to it.1
That is what europeans do. But what goes around comes around.0
none
Martinihttp://whatscookingamerica.net/Beverage/ClassicMartini.htm3
You should ask your dentist about this.0
HOOOOOOOOOO HAHAHAHA HALF A CUP? XD that could be anything from 3 to 4 shots there man maybe more depending on how big the cup is. a shot is 45ml look at a picture of a shot glass and something next to it to get a comparison in a one of those tall glasses its like maybe the first digit on your finger full 2 shots to 3 shots will do you good and get you drunk just remember to drink water as well unless you want tomorrow to feel really really crappy.1
YES. Do a first aid course to learn how to deal with emergencies. Your friend is lucky the paramedics were able to revive him.0
yes you can and will be. then strip searched thrown in a jail cell but have fun0
drink alcohol? Yes! Get drunk? No!3
First of all, Im sorry to hear of your current situation. I hope it gets better for you, I really do. Drinking alcohol excessively at 60 years old can be dangerous, as with his back problems he could be more vulnerable to injuries while hes drinking. On the subject of him getting help, I would take him to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings.http://alcoholism.about.com/od/elder/a/A   0
none
none
my brother has schizophrenia. When he drinks, he drinks an entire bottle of patron gets all crazy and attacks people with his mouth. He has never became physical just really verbal. Then he doesnt remember a thing the next day. Its not fun witnessing it and I tend to tell him he is not allowed to drink if I have a family gathering at my house, or hes not welcomed.0
Use a straw when drinking to bypass the teeth.1
Go for it1
Check what it says on the leaflet packed with the drugs.0
IUPAC Name: 2-methylpropan-1-ol Chemical Formula: C4H10O1
all alcohol converts rapidly to glucose...it hardly matter what kind you choose, just drink in moderation1
Cr  me de menthe and tequila. The room will be spinning for a day after, and the toilet will smell like toothpaste after you throw up.1
none
none
http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2012/05/    I believe that resources would be better spent getting these people to therapy and those who refuse cut their benefit. Giving them money so they can buy alcohol or drugs with is just perpetuating their problems. As for "do gooders" i am not sure thats the issue here more a flaw in our benefit system Sweet Pea to address the issue you have to look at why they are buying drugs and booze. Councilling is the best place for them this will make them employable and contirbuting to society again. I think if we just go" oh well youve bought it on yourself " It will just add to the issue4
4 or 5 swigs of vodka on an empty stomach should get you a good buzz going but I don&#x27<SEMCOL>t know why the hell you want to start drinking, especially so young32 year old recovering alcoholic1
New Years Eve.4
The morning after you probably drank water. Guessing you werent drunk anymore, and you started drink water again and getting more hydrated, then the liquids willve flown right out of your body so no, it is probably not the alcohol that showed up on your test.I asked my doctor!1
none
I think the same way as you bro1
none
Been there. Done that. Look up the Prohibition.4
Polarity happens, to a lesser or greater extent, depending on the atoms. Polar atoms have one end that is less positive than the other end. Isopropyl Alcohol is polar because of the electronic gravity of oxygen versus carbon.1
Usually about 24 to 30 hours. You can speed up the processes by drinking lots of water.0
Vinegar is a dilute solution of a carboxylic acid - in this case ethanoic acid CH3COOH.1
ok0
none
When any liquid burns it is the vapour not the liquid which is burning (which is pretty badly phrased but you get the point). The more flammable materials then are going to be those which produce a lot of vapour at lower temperatures. In chemistry this is measured in terms of the "vapour pressure" of a material and materials with a low vapour will tend to be less flammable. The other major factor is the chemical composition because there needs to be enough energy release on combustion to support a continuing reaction. The result is that materials with a high carbon and hydrogen content will tend to be more flammable than those with high halogen or nitrogen contents.3
It is a common fault. Eventually the screen will crack as you keep pressing harder and harder. Alcohol at 92% will have evaporated long before you have finished pressing the button. The only way to fix it is to take it to a repair shop or apple.1
its a fun but drink alcohol is not good its destroy your internal system completely dont drink it again...0
Alcohol kills you slowly, your liver and eye will go first.0
Generally alcohol will relax you. You let go of the things that bother you and or bring anxiety about situations.0
They will know. Seems you shouldnt be ordering or drinking it if asking such a q.2
none
Any molecule will have electrons in a particular orbit in a shell. Theses electrons can absorb enery of a specific wavelength , which will enable the elecron to move in to a higher energy level orbit. E = hf Planck`s constant2
Calorically, it is the amount (in grams) of ethanol that determines calories, not the route of ingestion. You intuition is spot on. Im not at all sure that the respiratory tract mucosa is going to respond well to topical ethanol. I would not suggest trying it. Sounds like stupid idea to me.retiredMD0
If it is a breath test, any product that contains alcohol that is not consumed can throw it off for a short time. For example, mouthwash...you swish it around in your mouth, and then spit it out. It doesnt get you drunk. But it will show up on a breathalyzer for a little bit. Asthma inhalers and decongestants can also cause a false positive. Blood testing is usually more accurate than breath testing.1
none
none
none
none
Probably sooner than later the police and prosecutors office will have enough of his games and will take care of the problem for you by providing him with a nice jail cell. Just keep reporting him, and watch your back. You may want to look into acquiring some protection like a stun gun, mace, or my personal favorite, a .45 automatic.4
Complete and utter nonsense. Shes displayed NO signs of excessive drinking. You are speaking in gross generalities in a vain attempt to slander her.5
none
I think its pretty obvious you think your husband had ulterior motives for trying to get your niece drunk. Why he would be so stupid as to try and seduce her in front of you, I have no idea, but maybe you should stop looking for outside confirmation and talk to him about the trust issues youre having.6
it can be both. it can realise all the horrible things you have done or how bad your life is while it can also stimulate you to do things you normally wouldnt but really actually wanted to do sober but didnt have he courage to do. it also tends to make you tell the truth which can make you depressed as well0
Graham crackers was my life saver whens he teethed. She hated to hold anything cold. Shed gum them and turn them to mush but wouldnt be crying if I gave her a graham cracker. Link in source has other parents saying things like.... Frozen whole wheat bagels-- my daughter loved them and they were good for her, too! --Jillian Whitlow, Timberlake, NC A washcloth soaked in water and apple juice and then frozen. My 8-month-old son also loves teething bagels from Big Apple Bagel! --Stacy Houltberg, Ottumwa, IA https://s.yimg.com/hd/answers/i/2e158078   http://www.parents.com/baby/health/baby-   1
Weve been seeing eachother for little over a month, and both have made it clear that we would like things to work out between us (were just taking our time cause we both been cheated on). Hes a great guy, very very nice, tons in common, has a good job, hilarious, and very good looking, but theres an issue. It seems like he is an alcoholic. I have come to this conclusion because on three occasions he drank a case of beer at home all by himself simply because he was bored (including tonight, and he said he wasnt feeling good and he took a lot of neo citrin, and specifically drove into town like that to get some beer), worst part is is that he is on call for work 24/7 and hes a snow plow driver. Now the times hes drank a case of beer it wasnt snowing, buuuut that doesnt mean it wont snow in the morning or with how cold its been he could get called out to sand the roads. I dont think hed go if he was drunk but it seems very irresponsible to me, especially because he can get fired for not having a good reason for not coming in (they pay him to be on call all the time so I cant blame them) Hes also told me his past how he used to get sloshed all the time as a teenager and has even drank and drive on a few occasions (MASSIVE turn off) but claims hes no longer like that. I no longer know if I should believe him. I try not to let alcohol bug me too much but my mom is an alcoholic, I dont even drink at all myself. I wouldnt care if he went to party with friends once in a while but him just drinking a case of beer by himself just because hes bored gives me a bad feeling..0
none
Koo-Koo Ka-Choo! Edit: The question is pot or alcohol. Not pot or alcohol or books or a job. If that were the question everyone would choose books and jobs. Geez...4
your liver is pickled from all the booze.0
People from The Balkans drink rakija :)0
He drinks all the time (like a whole case of beer) by himself at home whenever hes bored. Normally I wouldnt care if he was with a few friends and hanging out, but like its by himself... And often, and hes on call 24/7 for work Now this guy is hands down the NICEST guy I have ever met, the only problem is the fact that he drinks a lot like that. How should I talk to him about this? Cause its a huge red flag to me (my mom is an alcoholic and I dont want a boyfriend who is like that). Were not dating yet but we have made it clear that that is our goal (before I realized this problem) so I want to at least see if we can find a happy medium rather than just forgetting anything. I just dont know how or what to say without insulting him0
You can get quarts (or litters) at CVS or your local Pharmacy, but you do realize that isopropyl is deadly poisonous , right.0
Death!1
none
The only thing you can mix to get 100% alcohol, is 100% alcohol1
none
#1 beer (budwiser or coors light) #2 flavored vodka #3 mikes hard #4 fourlokos #5 joose **been there, done that, have the horror stories to prove it! lol1
none
none
Legalize weed and watch the amount of alcoholics decrease.4
No, because there should not be special catering to any religious position. By the same token, I would not ban mass or religious bookstores out of "respect" for atheists.7
My mother-in-laws drinking cut her life-span in half. She died in her mid-forties. We miss her. So, yes, it is worth it. Start drinking 8-12 glasses of water a day, and youll notice a huge difference in your outlook, physical and mental health. Also, I drink Redbulls at parties and have a great time, and wipe the floor playing cards with all the people drinking alcohol.0
no use alcohol0
none
none
none
Youre going to have to come to terms with it. You can reject it from your personal consumption but being afraid of being around it could ruin your life. Just think of the parties, restaurants, weddings where alcohol is served.0
If youre stoned you dont worry so much about the scandals DC causes.0
none
Alcohol is a depressant, so absolutely not.5
The #1 sign is picking up ugly girls in bars after youve been drinking....2
none
none
none
none
none
none
Drinking is not a sin, to be drunk is a sin. Christians eat bread and wine in Holy Communion. Jesus also drank wine in occasions and even transform the water into wine. When it comes to drinking alcohol, the key is doing so only in moderation. Of course is even better if you dont drink at all.2
none
Dont try alcohol, trust me its gross lol0
I agree, If you are mature enough to buy a house, get married, die for your country, use tobacco, sign a contract, and take out a bank loan you are mature enough to handle alcohol. You are either an adult at 18 or not. all or nothing. sounds fair.3
Well youre ****** then0
Yes-learned from it & was careful not to let it happen again.2
Damn talking about texting drunk. Dude if the cops bust that party your going to jail for at least a PI when you walk out the door. Your buddy is going for contributing to minors. Assuming that&#x27<SEMCOL>s all that happens. Your drunk now. Get a sober ride home.2
I know how you feel but alcohol wouldnt bring him back. also try to avoid places that have alcohol because youll be tempted to drink it by all means. if you have alcohol in your room dispose of it. im really sorry about your bf but sometimes in life we have to learn to forget the past and move on. I hope you feel better :)1
none
You should be able to go into any liquor store and find everclear. The liquor departments inside grocery stores might not have it, but any regular liquor store will carry it.0
none
Yeah should be out of your system completely within 2 days. If you are really worried just drink your recommended water consumption per day and you will be 100%1
none
Legal highs could be as bad for you as death cap mushrooms. They are legal simply becayse they havent been thoroughly investigated and tested. Alcohol is bad for you long term but its effects are known. If I were you stay away from legal highs.0
Yes. Although you may have the same amount of buzz, they dont have the same amount of alcohol. Most beers are are around 5% alcohol. Most hard liquor is 40%, and quicker to cause health issues.Drank1
none
none
Sparkling Cider is non-alcoholic and bubbles like champagne4
No don&#x27<SEMCOL>t drink alcohol. You are not suppose to drink alcohol for a week after you get your wisdom teeth out.0
Thats my boy0
Because alcohol is a toxin and its toxic to everyone on some level. There are also genetic markers that leave some ppl with the inability to process alcohol at all thus why we have expressions red as an asian. Ppl with certain cultural backgrounds lack the ability to process alcohol but if your not asian you still could have one of these genetic markers... and there is the fail safe answer know ur tolerance and dont over consume.0
Its called contributing and yes, it is illegal to give your underage friends alcohol, just as its illegal for them to possess or drink alcohol until they are legally able to buy it for themselves.2
Im not a muz, but I served in Saudi Arabia and alcohol is a mortal sin. Some people who did not leave their alcohol in a locked cabinet were whipped with a rattan cane in public and sent to jail. For a citizen the penalty is death. The place is a hole, dont go there.0
none
none
none
none
Not sure about Michigan - but Im pretty sure its illegal. I remember working in a store in which an underage co-worker tried buying them and she was promptly fired by mgt. ps: Best not to take chances given that youre already on probation.4
Ever since the programme went to channel 5 (new owners ) the alcohol has been non stop where in older shows some sort of task had to be completed now its either the runner up prize or somebody succesfully made toast lol .....keep putting recovering alcoholics and people with drug issuses (substances in general) and it will eventually end very very badly but hey it will make good a hit series !bomb scare3
57Im 58.4
It depends on the volume of each concentration assuming each volume is 1 cc then the new concentration is x = ( 4% + 2%)*1 / 2 x = 3 %0
none
99% of people will expect and want to have a drink at a wedding reception. Do expect there to be trouble if people have a drink? Is your name Rooney? LOL.1
The sedative effects of the alcohol itself.0
If the person is underage, yes. If the person really forces someone of legal age to drink (at gunpoint, or tied up and then have a tube shoved down their throat), its assault, so yes to that as well.0
you do realize that you dont automatically get addicted right, it takes some time actually0
It makes you feel warm, but in reality it cools you down. That&#x27<SEMCOL>s why lots of drunks go out in the cold thinking they&#x27<SEMCOL>re warm and end up with frostbite, or freeze to death.2
The judge knew you were 13 when he/she gave you a 90 day suspension for when you turned 16. You cant weasel out of it.1
pull out method works great if youre trying to get her pregnant. Darwin would have a field day with these idiots.1
none
none
Okay long story short Ive been seeing this guy for just over a month, sweetest guy Ive ever met and we have tons in common. This past week tho, hes gotten drunk by himself at home three days in a row, while hes on call for work. Because of this I had become concerned hes an alcoholic. So for the past few weeks weve been trying to plan a date, cause we never actually went on one yet cause our schedules are pretty opposite, but everytime we made a plan he had to cancel because he got called into work, which is fine, and he was always extremely apologetic about it. Tonight we were supposed to finally go on a date cause he knew he was off for sure, and this morning he cancelled on me because he was too hung over from getting drunk last night, once again by himself at home. I was ofcourse very upset, but was even more upset when all he said was sorry like he really didnt give a flying f*ck about it. I didnt respond to that text message and he never once tried contacting me since. So now I feel like things arent going to work out between us. The thing is I dont know what my next move should be, should I text him first tomorrow? Should I wait for him to text me? What should I say if he texts me like nothing happened? Should I just bring it up or wait for him to text me with an apology? I need advice :( And the reason why drinking like that and acting like that is such a concern for me is because my mom is an alcoholic and its very similar to how she acts0
Most people mix it with something else so it doesnt taste so awful. But you can acquire a taste for practically anything. Personally I dont think its worth the trouble. Alcohol is a terrible drug.1
none
smoke a joint and have a beer just before the test...they want to know how experienced you are .1
neither one is going to be beneficial to your body in any way. granted going out once a month and having a few beers or going out once for a month for fast food isnt a big deal, everything in moderation0
none
1oz.0
none
none
none
none
its benzyl alcohol0
none
I recomend you see a doctor, but it sounds like a stomach ulcer like what I have from heavy drinking.0
none
none
none
I bet you make your mom proud!0
They can refuse to sell alcohol to ANYONE. I suggest you go to a different store.1
nope0
none
Good ? In that sense that it brings what kind of productiveness ? Why always over analyze such trivial stuff ? Just do it.3
Get someone else to buy alcohol!! It isn&#x27<SEMCOL>t a party till someone vomits in your mums plantsPersonal experience0
none
No, i use to like rum, but now like whiskey. Go with the common mix coke. With rum any juice will do. I never tried mixing with gatorade, just seems like a weird mixer.1
none
none
Freedom is a real tough thing for liberals to accept.5
none
none
Just tell them, "I dont want to drink". If they cant accept that, its on them.1
1. Boil water 2. Add sugar (doesnt mater how much) 3. wait for sugar to dissolve 4. wait for it to cool a bit. There ya go.0
economics. If the paper=industry would use hemp instead of wood, theyd need just a quarter of the area. People who owned forests started the fairytales about hemp to secure their own income1
No soup for you.1
none
alcohol is not good for piercing. It can prevent the hole from healing. use hydrogen peroxide instead.0
1. 12oz beer, 6oz glass of wine, or shot of spirits per hour. You are fine.1
none
same rules apply to mixers for alcoholic beverages as to our normal diabetic life!! NO sweet mixers!! Water remains the best, and I like Club Soda for mine! 1 small drink for ladies and 2 for gents!! Eating before and during the consumption of the drink(s).0
Yes, consuming alcohol can cause continuous hiccups. The following treatments can be tried at home: Breathing into a paper bag. Holding your breath. Drinking a glass of cold water. Attempt to purposefully gasp or belch. Bringing your knees to your chest and maintaining this position. Try a valsalva maneuver by holding your breath and bearing down. Relaxing and breathing in a slow, controlled manner. If the hiccups continue after 48 hours, consult your doctor0
No0
Detox is a myth. The liver has its own ability to cleanse its self.1
First of all why do you have to pretend? If you dont want to drink dont and if youre concerned about peoples comments imagine how much worse theyll be if they discover youve been dishonest. If you want to pretend however then go for drinks that look the same as alcoholic ones - e.g. drink orange juice or another mixer that could have vodka in it or go for non alcoholic beers2
none
we should know that percentages equal grams of the molecules so thus there are 52.18 g carbon, 13.04 g Hydrogen, and 34.78 g oxygen. Now convert each to moles and divide by lowest number of moles which is oxygen as indicated. 52.18 g C / 12g/mol C = 4.348 mol C/ 2.174 = 2 13.04 g H / 1 g/mol H = 13.04 mol H/ 2.174 = 5.99 ~ 6 34.78 g O / 16 g/mol O = 2.174 mol O / 2.174 = 1 We now know that there are 2 C, 6 H, and 1 O. now you said that this was an alcohol and no other info I can infer that it is C2H5OH which is ethanol1
Well you would need some information that is not provided here. You are given the amount of blood you have in pounds, a unit of weight, but you are not given a density to convert that to volume. This would be fine if the amount of beer was given in pounds too, but it is not. It is given in units of volume, and without its density, you would not be able to convert that to weight. You would have to make assumptions here. Secondly, are you sure you dont mean 350 mL. 35 mL is a tiny amount.0
Theyve seen everything. The most interesting thing Ive seen is rum runners http://www.rumrunnerflasks.com. The most common trick it to empty out a mouthwash bottle and refill it with alcohol. Some lines let you bring 2 bottles of wine (Celebrity)<SEMCOL> you can read the various rules on each cruise lines web site. If they catch you, they pull you out of line, go through all your stuff, and let you stand there while every one boards as a sort of exercise in humiliation. I cant really be bothered trying to smuggle it on. If Im going on a cruise where I dont have to fly, Ill bring whatever they allow, but thats it.2
none
Alchohol affects different people in different ways. Some get mean, some get loud, some get quiet, some get obnoxious, some get horny, some get friendly, some get sad, etc. Alcohol is a drug and its side effects are many.0
none
Toss it. Lemonade doesnt last forever and its generally too acidic to ferment.0
We tried to make alcohol illegal, but it is so deeply ingrained in our culture that we literally suffered worse for having it made illegal than the suffering when it is legal. Marijuana, however, is not the same. It has never been an integral part of our culture. While it has existed within our culture, it is not part of our lives, rituals, and social interactions as alcohol is. As it is, we must suffer the bad side of alcohol because we cannot get rid of it But WHY should we allow the BAD EFFECTS of marijuana by making it legal? Do we not suffer ENOUGH with legal alcohol, you want to ADD to our woes by adding marijuana to it??? No thanks. The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom. MARATHA! Come, Lord Jesus, COME!0
Stop taking marijuana..get a hobby. Scrub your toilet...4
Constant pressure and stress from being in an intense working environment for a child.1
Sounds more like anxiety&#x2F<SEMCOL>OCD to me rather than schizophrenia. You are best seeing your GP who will refer you to a psychiatrist, increased alcohol intake will increase depression and anxiety as it is a depressant7 years mental health and learning disability professional experience.0
Depends where you are. Drinking in public is covered local by laws.1
Absinthe..... Always gets everyone excited and inhibitions lowered :) J  ger bombs Aqwa bombs Anything that will excite your fellow party peopleOwn ideas0
you usually have to seriously overdue it. id say youll be fine if you only ttake like 5 shots. btw if the alchohol is old youll get poisoning0
none
none
Drink!0
I would tell your &quot<SEMCOL>friend&quot<SEMCOL> not to worry. Most likely is not her age but alcohol on school property. A lot of schools don&#x27<SEMCOL>t allow alcohol. If that is not that case then just pay the fine and you will be fine. Just tell whoever you have to report to error in judgement and I truely regret. Slape on the wrist, pay fine, leave and get back to being young dumb and full of come.College student- major-drinking minor-hangover1
none
no, it doesnt have alcohol in it and you get it from the grocery store. its on the same aisle as the other condiments usually near the steak sauce. price depends on size & brand but you can get a bottle for under $23
A glass of wine.0
stop trolling yahoo answers and go have a beer.4
none
none
Youre young enough that youll be fine. I wouldnt expect any problems.0
First off many cruise lines allow you to take a limited quantity of wine on board, so this may even be a non-issue. But if you are trying to sneak some "harder" stuff...then just an observation of what you are trying to do. You are trying to be sneak alcohol on board to save money, but then even cheaper and trying to re-use a "bladder" from a boxed wine. So first off, I wouldnt worry about as much as the spout showing up as the fact that the viability of the bag may be in question. Because remember those bags are not meant to be self supporting, they are meant to have a box around them. So one poorly placed object and you have a suitcase full of alcohol. Next, what are you going to put in this bladder? Remember it has had wine for quite a time and you can be sure that there is residual wine that will leach into what ever you put in there. So if you like a nice Rum Cabernet or Vodka Pinot this may be a good idea, otherwise probably not so much. Then there is of course this warning. It is against the policy of the ship to do this, and as such they have the right to deny you boarding if caught. Now, will they deny you boarding. Probably not, but it is a small possibility. At the very least you can expect them to confiscate the alcohol and dispose of it(no you dont get it back). Where not only do you still get to purchase alcohol on board, you now loose all of the money you spent to try and sneak it on board. In the end it all comes down to Risk vs. Reward. So how much risk are you willing to take for the reward of saving a few dollars?3
none
Id say a functioning alcoholic. 4-8 times a day sounds like quite a bit.1
Water.1
10 years 5 months 8 days 2 hours 5 seconds0
No - that was Pres. Grant.1
Yes, but dont use it straight. It will evaporate so fast itll be hard to clean with it. Is there a reason you cant use a glass cleaner such as Windex? That works for me. Want home made Windex? Water with small amounts of ammonia and alcohol added.1
it doesnt hurt to try it out im sure it will be okay0
Please see a doctor to treat this condition. Injecting the alcohol IV will kill you, thus relieving you of all social anxieties. The alcohol will still smell as you lie stretched out.2
Seagrams Seven & diet seven Seagrams seven and diet ginger Gin & diet Tonic Long Island1
Muslims can spray on alcohol-based perfumes However, if a Muslim wants to be cautious, he can use oil-based perfumes6
none
muslims cant eat any meat at all? Nor drink alcohol? And yet your allowed to drink red bull and pepsi? Well if you can drink red bull, you can drink anything.1
No, its not. But judging by where you live, theyll probably let you off.0
none
Most likely yes, i think theyre kinda strict about bringing any of your own food/drinks in really0
Im willing to bet other people can smell it just fine. After 10 minutes your nose is just used to the smell and ignoring it. If you really want it to be stronger spray it on pulse points (behind ears/nape of neck, bend of elbow or behind knees). Seriously though, nobody more than three feet away should smell you. Any more than that it is just obnoxious, no matter how good the perfume.Sold perfume.2
vinegar would be a better choice and it wont hurt or wont hurt as much but it might not clear it up, you might need a lotion or cream for that.0
none
none
none
Why rail against marijuana while impaired by alcohol, when you can rail against Republicans while impaired by alcohol AND marijuana?Personal philosophy2
Uh marijuana isnt something that you can become addicted to like other drugs or alcohol. However, it can become a habit to smoke it which still isnt good because after a while you dont even feel the effects of it anymore, and you smoke it mainly for the taste or something..1
No, thats not due to the alcohol. Its too big a time gap. You were coincidentally sick.0
none
none
none
none
It used to be 18. But they rose it cause of too many inexperienced drivers getting in alcohol related car accidents..2
Fermenting is the name we give for turning sugar into alcohol. By definition you cannot ferment fruit without getting alcohol. Ferment means the creation of alcohol from sugar. Fermentation is not the same thing as rotting. Whatever youre trying to do, dont. You clearly have no idea what youre doing.1
generally, acid and alcohol react to form ester. so in this case bond formed will contain double bonded oxygen wih carbon, and a carbon oxygen single bond.0
none
Vodka! Vodka! Vodka!1
none
There should not be any alcohol in the MIX.0
In moderation it&#x27<SEMCOL>s ok. But it can&#x27<SEMCOL>t be as bad as meth.0
Alcohol dilates the blood vessel so it might well have this effect. But its not good to use alcohol as medication in this way as you dont know the correct doses. But alcohol (especially good beer) has been medically proven to have many health benefits when drunk in moderation. It is, for example, one of the few natural sources of silicon - important for bone strength.http://health.yahoo.net/experts/dayinhea   0
I the buyer you select is of legal age to buy alcoholic beverages and you are indeed of legal age and can prove it if necessary, there should be no problemstate laws0
Its part of "dirty politics".Opinion0
there are many people who drink alcohol in muslim countries but in this case she was completely wrong in messing with the cab driver, in saudi arabia a passenger can leave a cab without paying if a taxi driver starts smoking without the permission of passenger and same if passenger starts smoking without the permission of driver but passenger still must pay in this situation.1
Iran Air2
U take the alcohal i take the cokeCHEeRS*0
In Cr2O7^2-, chromium is present in the +6 oxidation state. It oxidises the alcohol and is reduced to the +3 state in turn. The +3 state is one of the most stable states for chromium, so it will tend to form +3 ions. The H^+ from the acid is required to take up the excess oxygen that is released from the dichromate. If there were no hydrogen ions, the chromium could not be reduced as efficiently, since the oxygen ions cannot simply vanish. By having acid present, the O from the Cr2O7^2- ions can be removed and form water.0
none
none
none
none
The German airport has no issue with that. US Customs is where you have a problem.4
If you are serious in quitting, you need to taper yourself to avoid severe complications of withdrawal. I would cut down to 5 beers a day for 2 days, then 4 beers a day for 2 days, and continue that pattern until you are off of alcohol. At that point I would seek out rehab for support.0
6 gallons2
A child over the age of 5 can drink alcohol lawfully at home, at 16 and 17 you can have wine in a restaurant with your meal and buy alcohol at 18. Most people experiment with alcohol around 15 and 16. If you are not comfortable drinking or know that your parents wouldnt approve then dont do it. Your friends parents must know he has alcohol and are ok with it. Sometimes a little of something means less chance of him going overboard when hes 18. Alcohol in large amounts isnt good for you. When youre older and experience your first hangover basically your bodies reaction to alcohol youll see why. In the meantime dont feel pressured, it is your friends choice, he doesnt make decisions for you.0
none
none
yes you can be1
My understanding is we have never been less violent as a society than we are now. Its just media hype.4
none
none
Dont do it its childish.2
Why red if you dont even know what it tastes like? You drink wine for the aroma, flavor and smoothness, not because it makes you look classy....Most people go to a winery or restaurant and taste different wines to find one that they like....1
none
It depends on what your cleaning out ?0
none
Whiskey IS Whiskey. It is similar to Scotch and Bourbon, the only difference is where they are made.0
I rarely drink, but when I do its on weekends1
none
none
Yes I do in moderation, I like the taste of some alcoholic drinks and find they help me to relax too :)2
Alcohol isnt bad in itself, it is how people abuse it. Moderation is the key when it comes to alcohol, in particular, because it has a very strong impact on mental judgment and coordination. Some people sometimes get addicted to alcohol because they have underlying issues that alcohol seems to take away for a while, for instance. Alcohol has existed for hundreds of years if not more, and in moderation it can be a nice chill-out experience with friends, etc. The problem lies with the fact that some people will abuse it and often they dont realise in time that theyre in fact relying on its changing effects on the body and brain to cope with reality. The fact that abuse of alcohol leads to many dreadful side-effects is also what makes the media/governments warn against it. But in moderation, it is fine. Some even believe that the odd glass of red wine is good for the heart, for instance... So its mostly down to the good old self- limitation and moderation!1
stop thinking you are responsible for everything because you are not. Its not your fault some people behave badly. Read this to increase your awareness and you will be able to deal with your problems. http://togethappiness.blogspot.inhttp://togethappiness.blogspot.in1
get him to join a gym. excercises may be the perfect new addiction0
none
none
none
none
Wine is an aquired taste,to make it easier to drink try turning a red wine into a spritzer by adding a splash of sprite.Also a rum punch is good.think fruit punch,with rum in it.A tropical fruit punch with a coconut taste to it.Hope you have fun! :-)0
none
none
I dont drink or go near alcohol..1
no u cant....0
none
No one can tell you that answer you need to find it out yourself, but if it is effecting you and your life go to a Local AA meeting there open to anyone who might think there is a Problem.1
I think P is right but I think a candle is more prescient than torches , u should gradually move to torches good luck on ur sculpture1
I dont drink alcohol at all eventhough i am the legal age ...i just dont like the thoughts of hangovers with a migraine and so i dont bother.....2
No.At least, i think.but, Moderate Alcohol Use May Help Mental Abilities,this is the voa report,check this http://www.medicalpal.info/archives/61 hope this may help you!1
About 4. Some watered down wine when we lived in France.0
none
none
Making a moral equivalency between two intoxicants is a fools argument....LOL....they are both dangerous....LOL!4
none
Hypnotiq1
Inside the grounds, well its a condition from FIFA that must be complied with (Budweisers sponsorship guarantees that), however outside, I think they will make a concession for the tournament1
none
Dafuq?2
Alcohol doesnt reduce global warming. It takes a lot of energy - some claim as much or more - just to farm the fields, process, distribute alcohol to use as a fuel. Its like believing that driving an electric car that is plugged in to the grid is reducing pollution when in reality the pollution is being distributed elsewhere and accounting for the losses due to electrical resistances in the grid electric vehicles are far less efficient than gasoline powered cars.2
alcohol1
I would say alcohol, because its legal and relatively accepted socially.0
none
its not necessarily the amount. If you cant stop drinking and feel like you dont have control over your actions anymore- thats when youre an alcoholic1
I think medications, they can get you high, and they are not meant to do that, so it is an abused form of something that can get you high0
alcohol is more addictive for the socially weak.0
Just dont stop that is the best way to deal with these things.0
none
none
Whatever the reason, you would best join A.A.... The ?Twelve steps are very useful and a mentor will guide you if you want to stop. The hardest part for most, is admitting they have become alcoholic, so you are on the way to getting the assistance you truly need to live your life okay, minus alcohol. Best of best of luck..Go to one meeting and check it out. xxx1
He has a scotch every now and then but not often0
none
none
none
I would call your dentist bro.0
its not alcohol its cooking oils1
That is matter of local/state law. No one here knows what that is where you live.0
Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.0
kill a kangraoo, and use the fat to make the stronges alcholoholo.0
"thing is i thought alcohol in food cooked out? " -- Thing is, thats a myth. If you eat food that you havent prepared yourself, why arent you asking if alcohol has been added?1
There will be instructions and information inside your box of medication telling you any contra-indications.0
Go and see your doctor. Depression is a disease<SEMCOL> alcohol is not the cure for it.1
none
How sad that an apparently normal person wants to get drunk. Intoxication is immature, unpleasant and dangerous.0
Auntie Faz - if you rub to hard and fast you will die from thrust0
none
none
outlaw automobiles as there have been seven auto related deaths today , five were alcohol related2
It might theres a 50-50 chance. I took about the same amount once and I survived. But one of my friends took less than that and she died. Though what I would do is take this and then call 911 tell them you overdosed and then just leave the phone. Dont hang up and they might come. Its a different kinda suicide but I forget the name. I hope your survive or find out that people other than me care.1
none
none
none
Alcohol is produced by the action of yeast upon "Fermentable Sugars) sugar specifically in an anaerobic (without air, specifically without oxygen) environment. Note: in the presence of oxygen Yeast expend their energy make more yeast cells and produce nothing but more water and Carbon Dioxide. Lactic Acid fermentation is done by any of a group of bacteria that are specifically cultured to produce Lactic Acid from Lactose (Milk Sugar, which is NOT fermentable by most yeast strains) There is another Lactic Acid Fermentation (more commonly called "Malo-Lactic") which is mostly f use to winemakers. where specific strains of bacteria convert Malic Acid (Found in Apples & Grapes), this usually happens sometime after bottling. This is responsible for the soft carbonation of wines Like Mateus Rose (from Portugal) and convert it to Lactic Acid (which is less sour)0
none
none
none
its because of peer pressure, because "its cool" or "fun". so that they can vomit and stuff, the drunk part is what they like i would say.0
none
none
Move out first, start over your life, if it still sucks and blah blah check yourself into a mental hostpital and get happy drugs (they work) and atleast your still alive AND happy. If you dont agree with anything Ive said youre the type that loves to be miserable and probably a coward as well and are all talk0
Leave them alone unless they ask for your help.2
Most of the time, yes. It could be something like depression or anxiety0
because other people think alcoholics are evil. when infact it depends on the persons personality ...etc the problem is not the alcoholic , its the people around him. i had social anxiety so i used alcohol ... it worked good but tey said no, so i did dxm . then i have done dxm maybe about 16x already.. and yesterday i did 300mg. today i feel emotionaly confused. i mean by that , what am i suppose to feel ? im not anxious, depressed or watever. too much to say, not much feel.... bye.0
Personally I think it because alcohol is so common, so a different word wa needed to differentiate from other drugs. For instance generally when you are DRUNK - impacted by alcohol (legal within limitations) HIGH - impacted by other drugs (generally illegal) I actually have no clue but it just seems like that to me. Just the commonality of alcohol.1
none
thats the percent of alcohol in it the bigger the number stronger the drink light drinks are usually like 4% to 20% witch is usually light beer higher ones are like 30% and up you probily wont find anything too high in stores cuz its illegal but if you want something really high you can get moonshine witch is 200% alcohol but it is illegal0
Shot of 151, 2 shots orange juice, splash of 7-up. Shot of 151, 6-8oz cola, splash of grenadine.0
none
Oh damn. I drink every day... Guess Im an alcoholic... Im going to start making my own cheap liquor soon. Cant wait!0
Moderate alcohol consumption does not cause harm to the body. Excessive drinking can damage health. And no matter how much smoking will harm the body.4
First it was your friend, now its you? Why dont you stop posting the same juvenile BS? http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?   1
Theres nothing you can do for them so it comes down to what can you do for you? If youre going to be there for a while youre going to want to have friends. I recommend developing a few friendships quickly. And find a place nearby thats open late and where you can do the things you like to do. When they start to get on your nerves, ask them if you can pick anything up for them while youre out and take off until youre ready to home to bed. Beyond that, a good set of noise canceling headphones. Expensive but worth it. Good luck1
none
Hmm not sure<SEMCOL> Im not a pharmacist but from what I have read, they should not be dangerous if taken together. Zofran is apparently used to reduce alcoholism<SEMCOL> or rather reduce the intoxicating effects of alcohol. In the following link, Zofran, also known as Ondansetron, it is stated that the drug may reduce the consumption of alcohol : http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/88794    So why waste alcohol (by drinking it) when you are on Zofran ?http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/88794   0
I drink alcohol when I can, still I am under aged. I drink coffee every morning but Ive never even touched tea.1
I think you just answered your own question.2
none
Just tell her. Dont wait for her to confront you. Honesty actually is the best policy. Tell her that it was a mistake, that you didnt drink much and that it wont happen again...until youre legally allowed to drink. This way youll come off mature and she might not even be mad. Trust me, it works.2
none
Try micro-water instead for longevity happiness and fortune0
Turn up https://s.yimg.com/hd/answers/i/ccd821a4cd064f2db54c515f90496a95_A.jpeg?a=answers&mr=0&x=1392224193&s=d68f603066836c8f5023f7b72eb3036d0
Nope. All products are now pasteurized, which is a quick flash heating to kill any germs, but it also kills the yeast that would turn it into alcohol.3
Definitely would not recommend that0
none
I thought you said it had to be from the 21st century? In that case yeah Airplane and Spaceballs are great. Ghostbusters, Hot Shots, Groundhog Day, Monty Python and The Holy Grail. Youd like The Big Lebowski if you liked Burn After Reading (from the same people).3
none
Sometimes a couple of beers, or some wine with dinner.2
Cheers for one. Also, characters in Bewitched, the series, drank quite a bit.0
I only play videogames when Im drunk or high. I dont know they are both pricey and they both make you fat so stailmate0
7 Benadryl is far more than the dosage advised on the box. If you were planning to take them for any other reason than theyre meant for, you should know what the effects are supposed to be.0
Nope. Not even back in 1982....... Could buy beer at the EM club or the bowling alley. No hard stuff under 21. Off base, the law of the State is the Law.3
your set sail pass( or equivalent) is your proof of ID as it is coded with your age( which you proved by showing your BC or passport when you boarded) furthermore if you are underaged your pass will be coded somehow to show upon just glancing at it( plus they will plug it into their system which has your picture so no you cannot borrow someone elses) and oh hell yes you are buying alcohol.. every time you get a drink( unless you bought an all inclusive package) you have to sign for it which clearly shows the cost that is added to your on bard account.3
none
I dont think youll die but go see a doctor right away0
none
That one drink for women and 2 for men are for normal people with 2 healthy kidneys. Its best to ask your doctor who has treated you in the past regarding your kidney or even your regular doctor this question since they would know better than us here.nurse0
none
I think if being married to an alcoholic makes you upset then you should do what is best for you. Thats not wrong. I think you should go to Al-Anon and find out what other people do in your situation. Its a great support group and it is only for family and friends of an alcoholic. He cannot go to those meetings. I believe they are free only donations. I dated an alcoholic once and he was sober but I wanted more information, it let me see I didnt want to be with an alcoholic. You need to find your own direction. http://www.al-anon.org/ http://www.aa.org/pdf/products/p-30_isth    It is a disease and simply being threatened with you leaving cannot make him stop. He has to admit he is an alcoholic and he has to want to get help for it not because of threats. Good luck!1
its very good you stopped drinking and driving. cutting back and only drinking once a week is very normal so having said that, you are not an alcoholic. but please drink responsibly and think of others that you might hurt if you get behind a wheel when your drunk. be safe buddy0
You talk a lot about vibes. Youre 15, you have all of your needs taken care of. Why do you need alcohol to make ANYTHING better?1
none
If youre Arab it doesnt mean you cant drink alcohol. Muslims cant drink alcohol. About getting arrested?? I dont know, I dont think so. Look those rich Muslim Arabs, some of them drink, do drugs, visit prostitutes and nothing happens..0
none
none
1
no 233
not true0
Imagine being married to her, then youll start drinking.2
Sounds like adult ADD to me. Maybe even ADHD.0
Your body metabolizes about one alcoholic drink per hour.0
none
you both need to get help---you will (as the child of an alcoholic) probably need it more than her. Get hold of your local "alcoholics anonymous" chapter, and ask about "al-anon" meetings. They are free group-therapy sessions for family members of alcoholics. This is a SERIOUS disease, and will affect everyone in the family for life. Learn how to cope with it, even if the Alcoholic is gone. Call them and even if your Mom doesnt go, go to some meetings and listen.My dad drank himself to death at age 49 in 1975. His illness always bothered our family because we loved him very much. Finally I went to "AL-ANON" and learned how to cope with this disease. I go every week.0
none
Alcohol can be bad for you if not done in moderation. As far as being good for you, not really. Its just not bad for you if done in moderation. Any benefits you get from drinking alcohol (nutritional or antioxidant) can be obtained with many other foods or supplements. So there is no real benefit from drinking alcohol.0
What about smokers, lots of smokers quit and can still be around other smokers without needing to smoke. How is that any different? It comes down to will power in the end.1
70% of alcoholics have mood disorders such as depression, manic depressive/bipolar, and anxiety.1
none
none
Nope. Id direct you to the cupboards.2
none
What if some alcohols have some healing properties? Some alcohols kill deadly viruses. Why not ask Muslim doctors, not Scholars who have no medical training?2
get a big plastic box and put a drunk guy in it?0
Yeah, its pretty normal. The more you drink, the more the body creates an immunity to alcohol. Same thing with any other toxin, such as cyanide. Rasputin was famously able to survive the lethal dose of cyanide by having a bit everyday in order to create an immunity. Although dont try and commit to making yourself more immune to alcohol, because it will come at your livers expense.0
You do have an alcohol dependency but recognizing it is the first and hardest step. You should try weening yourself away from it. So instead of the entire bottle only drink 7/8 of the bottle.Then after a week and a half drink only 3/4 of the bottle. Then two weeks after that drink only 5/8 of the bottle a night, and so on. Its important that you start off by just drinking less rather than trying to go cold turkey as it clearly affects you.0
none
I think mostly they just put it into their own glasses when the baby was crying or not...7
none
You would apply toner before lotion. And as for suiting you I guess youre just going to have to try as every skin is different. Neutrogena usually works for people though.0
none
How can we can we contact each other0
I guess methylated spirits or methanol or isopropyl alcohol like "drygas" fuel additive. Personally I would not think it was necessary to go to those extremes - rinse the device in demineralized water then dry it in a warm place overnight or with a hairdryer.0
none
yeah me too it happens over time0
Aperol0
i seriously doubt thats accurate..you have no link to substantiate the claim... heres a list that i found http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cou   0
Nope, its more than a day already2
none
i dont think what ever version of god you believe in gives a crap1
none
none
none
He overly drinked this happens when you take to much its normal for that to happen if you take to much (:0
When you drink you have a more loose feelings. You feel better and dont care as much. When your sober just try to act more confident just takes practice.2
they should send kanye west and kim k. to north korea. This will lead to a new World War.0
cigarettes will kill your erections over time but happily pot doesnt effect the penis at all. Try regular shots of wheatgrass juice for a couple of months, 2-4 ounces per day. Also eating right helps too, you know fruits and vegetables, lean meats, nuts and whole grains (oats).0
none
Who cares? YOLO! Its not like you could accidentally die or anything so just go for it.0
This would not be his decision to make.3
Id talk to someone about it for certain. If you look about online there is support for young alcoholics or people have trouble with substance abuse etc. If you find a number for one of those you can find support groups and info. Best of luck :)1
Probably a good idea to cut down then! Spirits arent good for anyone.0
"Kept pot illegal?"Reality - Awareness of!1
none
none
Press the reset button. Like on Super Nintendo.1
none
Anything can be good to your health in the right way. Take an alcohol related example,some studies say that drinking one beer a day can be very good for you. Also, many alcoholic drinks can actually be very nourishing, due to their high calorie content. Alcohol itself is not bad, whats bad is when you drink too much.1
Because of the illuminati?1
?????? ????? ? ???? ???? ? ?????? Both are sins and to be avoided. But with alcohol, there is a prescribed punishment (lashes - proven by ahadith and this is the consensus of the scholars as well. And furthermore, prayers are not accepted for 40 days (i.e you still have to pray, but you will lose the reward for it). So it is clear what is a bigger deal.1
none
Drugs and alcohol are the easiest methods the modern world knows of, for having a different view of life!!! Sad but true! As children you can spin around until you feel dizzy and get a different view of life. As an adult, you use alcohol or drugs. I know a far better method, but less common... And it is not destructive. It is called meditation. And it is a kind of meditation that actually works. Feel free to email if you are interested to know more about it! All the best,2
Tried it once--didnt work History says no3
What was the mg of the xanax? Its a very dangerous mix, I say that from experience. Dont mix them together.2
none
No kind of alcohol is going to help it heal or make it stop healing. It will just have to heal on its own.0
Maybe try to get a new license by claiming you lost yours. Or get a second ID like a passport I used to look very young and even when I was 25 with a valid license I had people refuse to sell to me in stores and bars claiming I had a fake ID. I started carrying my license AND passport with me when I went out so I wouldnt have any problems2
Thats not true. Low alcohol is a separate labeling category.0
because that is what the voters want2
Reefer Madness was a propaganda film. Propaganda is information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view.4
none
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denatured_a   0
none
He needs to seek treatment.0
You cant. In order to get help he must first admit that he has a problem.2
Alcohol makes the blood vessels dilate lowering your blood pressure and your heart has to compensate for this by pumping faster in order to get the blood around your body.1
my response is that he is trying to pander for votes again... ...and that government has far greater priorities than enabling your selfish pleasures...6
none
All forms of cleansing are myths and lack value. If you have parasites, see a chemist.http://www.quackwatch.com/01QuackeryRela   2
none
none
Please shut up.5
no u cant make him go ....hav you contacted alanon... you should call them asap...0
none
Your fine theyd rather you get help..also your protected under the law patient doctor confidentially law so your fine get help and food luck hope you succeed.2
How old are the kids? I know 3 year olds who understand what evaporate means. First, Id have them observe the evaporation and guess why the liguid "went away" and where it went. They might surprise you. Then youd need to describe molecules. Try googling "evaporation activities for kids" I think lots of ideas will pop up.0
It means that only 15% is NOT alcohol. That 15% is probably horse urine. Sometimes they use cow urine if they dont have a horse handy.Wine maker/connoisseur0
Yes you could. Being a alcoholic runs in the family. It could have been passed on to you when you were born. Yours and your dads body could absorb alcohol the same. Im not saying that you ARE gonna abuse it but you always have that choice to stay away from alcohol or limit yourself. My personal opinion... alcohol burns. Lol0
I think - yes. 12 hours usually enough for one beer. In 24 hours it goes off completely.0
none
none
I really think the only thing u could really do to prevent children from drinking or sneaking alcohol is to have a really open relationship with them. Communicate&#x2F<SEMCOL>talk with them. Really listen to them &amp<SEMCOL> be supportive. Try to have the best relationship with them so that they feel comfortable enough to go to u with honesty. Get to know their friends and interest and gently guide them in a positive way.Experience &amp<SEMCOL> recovering alcoholic.3
none
none
You   re generalizing Atheists of one person   s point of view. I know a lot of Atheists, myself being one, and no one including myself believes that. Educate yourself before making assumptions.3
Because people are different, not machines, but individuals.2
none
Both are Major sins. Both leads to Hell-fire. No point in comparing. Watch this - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh0hXX2d6   1
it will make you sleep till the judgement day.0
Its called SCIENCE!3
none
none
none
Cuz dranken makes u stoopid. Depends on the person, but it takes a lot of alcohol to get to the point of it being lethal. Most people would pass out long before they reached the point of alcohol poisoning. Also your body would reject the alcohol (as in you throw up) if it was getting to the point of being toxic. Like I said though, it depends on the person.1
none
none
none
none
Unlike many other questions that come across Yahoo Answers, this scenario actually is entrapment.1
none
I just like to feel in control at all times.0
none
I doubt if you will be able to find any fine wine in Mexico, it is not a wine drinking country, but rather a beer and tequila country.0
Yes. Why wouldnt it be?common sense0
LOL, thanks for making me smile today4
Yes it is, however it isnt illegal, unless you want to drive with it. Alcohol is just a nasty thing, it does no good effects unlike other drugs except smoking, and marijuana. It kills brain chemistry, cells, and disables neurons. No pros only cons. I think its right to label alcohol as a drug.1
none
Put a small knife under the bottom part of the cap. The little part that disconnections when opening it and slow twist while pulling the knife torwards you and around the bottle. If it clear liquor (vodka works best) pour sprite in it to make it look like nothing is missing. It&#x27<SEMCOL>ll taste exactly the same.Underage probs0
One of the very first things you would need would be a reliable and very committed staff who honestly care about their clients. I knew a wonderful lady who was a counselor in a place like that, though it was not a live-in facility, more of an out-patient place that catered to those with dependencies that had only recently been released from the hospital and they were fragile souls, indeed. And, of course, most if not all of them were under court order to attend. Thats why I say the staff must be highly committed, because some of the clients are going to be reluctant. And substance abusers tend to be the best sort of bullsh*tters in the world. My friend had a friend who worked there as well, and they were terrific at their own sort of good/cop-bad/cop routine. But she said most of the staff were just there to pick up their paychecks and didnt really care about the clients themselves. It was one of the few clinics Ive heard where they had a sliding scale of fees according to ability to pay. But it was still expensive.1
All I can suggest is to kind of review this site for ideas Tell him to be very careful as alcohol is one of the most dangerous substance to rehab from. My brother in-law was an substance abuse councilor for many years. http://www.rehabhealthbiz.com/business.h    http://www.webmd.com/mental-health/alcoh   0
You should NEVER combine alcohol with narcotic pain pills. Not only will it effect your liver, but you can stop your heart and breaths taken from the mixture of the two. It is best if he feels he needs to drink to NOT take his pills, or if he feels he needs to take his pills, then he SHOULD NOT DRINK! also it should have a warning label on the pill bottle DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES while taking this medication1
none
none
none
none
9 shots of jack is going to put you on your *** man. Haha. And a highlife won&#x27<SEMCOL>t even give you a buzzDuh2
Bud light cause I can get plastred and not have a hangover the next day1
Zero. One night stands arent my style, you dig?2
chances are yes. if it doesnt kill you, itll mess up your liver real bad.2
So you can ask this question, of course. If your boyfriend is an alcoholic*, then why are you dating him? Are you an "enabler"? (Sounds like you are.) Of course, you could just ask your boyfriends family, but that would be too logical, and we all know trolls dont like that "L" word. *That actually gets right to the point. s dont LOVE alcohol so much as GET ADDICTED to it. Edit: Yep, youre an enabler with bad spelling (rEdiculus? sterIotype? babYs?) and grammar.5
none
Try it lol0
ofc2
none
Neither can be banned and their reasoning is so off the wall that it makes no sense, try taking firearms from ALL criminals and then talk to legal firearm owners."HOW IS THAT OBAMACIDE WORKING OUT FOR YOU"5
I dont know how the Law works in Australia, but you can always try your local liquor store just look at the prices.1
Its also against the 21st amendment, dumbass.3
In the US, you only have to wait five years.4
My cousin threw a party at his house and people brought beer. My cousin doesnt drink and when the police came to shut down the party after seeing teens with liquor, they charged him with allowing under 21 to consume alcohol. Hes 17 and none of the beer was his! And he cant pay a fine he has to go to court. Whats going to happen? We live in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.0
I dont think it is drivel, I think its true! There are so many variables it is impossible to define an absolute level of consumption which is safe for all.8
none
1 drink per hour. 12oz beer, 6oz wine, 1,1/2oz spirits.0
I often think that life would be better if people could control their urges. But hey - I like a glass every now and again.3
Personally no - I think people have the right to decide if they want to drink it or not. HOWEVER I would ban its sale to certain groups (i.e. age) and slap a driving ban on all caught drinking and driving. Also make drunks pay for medical treatment if caused by their state, including the attackers involved in domestic abuse because of booze. And I would reduce where and when it was sold (oopening hours etc) And no more supermarket cheap deals. Gawd, Im sounding anti booze and Im sat here with a glass of plonk! But it will be just the one - I have to drive in the morning :) Headline would have to include Ban and Booze I suppose - will have a think!2
none
none
Its not relative to driving a vehicle its just in general this occurs: Slurred Speech Cognitive/Physical Impairment Clicky/Bloodshot Eyes Sleepiness0
Huh, thats an interesting question. Doubt anyone in p&s would know the answer though5
Generally "yes".1
cold liquid. Mikecommon logic0
none
none
none
You feel sick because when you drink your BAC (Blood Alcohol Content) levels go up. The amount of alcohol is increased, and when your liver metabolizes all the alcohol (0.00%) you experience a hangover. However, hangovers are often caused by dehydration which is what alcohol does when you indulge in it. As per the emotional effects, alcohol just messes with all of them. Typically, if youre happy when you drink you are a happy drunk and if you drink sad you will most likely be even more upset.1
Ya and a couple of bottles a day.0
Move on! Shes just not that into you.0
Alcohol tastes like alcohol, honey. That "-OH molecule is a poison and it has a taste.2
none
none
none
I am not quite sure about such type of powder. First talk with your husband about his stress, what is the main cause behind that stress, try to remove that reason. Talk to him with deep love. This is only you who can make him stop from drinking liquor. Nothing would be successful, de-addiction powders could lead to some health problem as well. consult with doctor before use.0
none
none
none
none
Im afraid thats not what those words mean.25 years immersed in the English language.2
You should wait until youre of legal age. Lets review: Youre drinking so much as a teenager that theyve already had to start chopping pieces out of you, youre recovering from the surgery, you arent open with your doctor, and you cant wait to get back into the bottle? Thats an alcoholic if I ever saw one. Did you notice that the site that came up in the auto-search function is about teenage alcohol abuse? Even the stupid computer can see the problem.0
I cant believe they call that making pure alcohol! It wont make anywhere close to that. Yes, this is a sort of a basic cider recipe. Itll work, itll make something about wine strength (about 12%), and itll probably be drinkable. My ciders (which are a bit like this but with better equipment) tend to knock you on your a** until you get used to them. Use wine strength if you have a homebrew supply store nearby. I would say use 3-4 cups of sugar for it, maybe. Also dont use a full gallon of apple juice--it will foam up quite a bit at first, so leave plenty of head space. And you dont need a whole packet of yeast--only about a quarter packet.0
Hmm, the alcohol and weed shouldve already made you sleep.. and no dont take anything else.0
none
none
none
none
Espolon Blanco is a good high quality tequila for half the price of Patron. I know, when you think of tequila you think of it as strong right? Espolon is pretty damn smooth for a blanco tequila if you ask me. So smooth, that I can drink it neat in a glass. You dont want anything too cheap ($10-$15), believe me! It will always taste like **** and make you sick.0
Disinfectants are used on inanimate objects. ANTISEPTICS are used on skin. This is an important distinction when you are reading labels and thinking about wound management.0
none
none
Haha, no. Alcohol dissipates once you cook, unless youre the kind of person who likes to douse your cake batter with sherry. Then there might be a chance that people will get drunk off your food.2
yh0
the answer is yes you can make youre own flavored vodka gust acouple drops plus alchol content will be higher because most flavored vodkas are 40 proof to60 youres would be full 80 cheers!!jeffery smithe wine expert1
Yes it would be noticeable. Water does nothing to mask the smell especially for something as strong as vodka.2
none
I suggest you find somebody who knows stuff like that and let them mix the drinks. Its not hard, but you do need to know a few things to do it well.0
RumJack Daniel0
You are thinking of Ethanol, not alcohol. Todays gas is 10% Ethanol which is notorious for "collecting" moisture, thereby causing all sorts of problems. It has a shelf life of about 60 days. How long does your chainsaw, lawnmower, leaf-blower, generator, rototiller, or gas toys sit around? By all means, add a bottle of a good brand of Dry Gas. Lucas makes a bottle specifically for Ethanol storage.2
none
none
Sad to say that alcoholics are notoriously good at being deceptive and the relapse rate for recovering alcoholics is extremely high. It is hard to judge what your friend is trying to tell you - you could bring up the topic again in conversation, keep a general eye on him, try to discuss with him broadly why he is talking about alcohol, ask him outright if he thinks he has a problem?, discuss alcoholism in a general sense - ie say you saw a programme about it, say a friend of a friend has issues... see if he picks up on the conversation thread or how he reacts.. Sadly,people who drink far too much usually find it incredibly hard to stop, soif you care about your friend, I would say just be there for him as and when you can, and be compassionate, without collaborating or supporting his choice of how to live his life.I worked in an alcohol rehab centre and have friends / family with alcohol issues0
love your child more than you hate your ex1
It is different for each person. While some people can slowly reduce the amount they are drinking and finally quit, it doesnt work for everyone. Just like AA works for some people, while other require rehab and some never quit. Good luck.3
none
pie chips0
yea1
none
none
none
none
Itsh because, because.....scuse me...better out than in ay? Wash the queshen again?3
no.2
none
Definitely, Alcohol is very harmful for our body and it just like a slow poison. Slowly it damages our body.0
An Irish car bomb?0
none
It can dry your skin out and cause chapping, but thats about it.1
none
About 5 seconds ago.3
none
none
Take here to the doctor, before this situation leads to something, that cant be solved.0
none
none
1 thing. Dont drink alcohol. Its bad and all but it makes you look like a bad teenager and your underage remember. Ohh and dont get a hangover. You will feel sooo bad in the morning. 2 thing. If a guy goes for the kill and you dont want to then just leave or peeper spray him. Or beat the sjit out of him lol. Hope this helps :)0
none
Dont drink so much. What you are feeling is drunkenness and the only cure is not to get drunk. Simple.0
True. BUT, water/milk will not cause cirrhosis of the liver.3
Nothing is as sad as throwing your own birthday party. Splurge on the campus film society, but make a night of it by dressing for the movie.0
none
We did it in America, did not work out well. Read our history about Prohibition.2
none
I expect there is but it would be against my religion to reveal it even if I knew about it.2
none
none
Not if underage or have anything on your record.Common Sense.0
it would be better to talk with a doctor and get a prescription to deal with the anxiety. dont try to self medicate with beer, it is not as effective and has bad side effects.0
just check on the website of the liquor authority in your state<SEMCOL> laws may vary state to state. but generally people under 21 can enter but you just cant serve them anything with alcohol in it.1
none
Most likely, if you are using the vodka in the cake batter, then the alcohol will mostly cook off and there should be no issue. However, if you are using alcohol in any fillings or frostings or to soak the finished cupcakes in, then, yes, you can only sell them to people over 21 and you will most likely need a liquor license for that. For the most reliable information, contact your local business license department and food inspection or safety office for the best answer for your area. Also keep in mind that if alcohol is involved, that there might be other considerations like blue laws. If it is illegal to sell alcohol on Sundays or from unlicensed agencies, then it will be considerably more of a problem selling your cupcakes. I have heard of at least one bakery (even though you sell cupcakes only it would still be a bakery) that uses alcohol in their fillings and frostings. I saw it on a show on the Food network. IF theres one, Im sure that there are plenty more. http://sincitycupcakes.com/ourproducts.h   1
Dont drink and drive, is that too hard to understand?0
If you need to drink everyday, youre an alcoholic, its another thing to say one drinks too much, though. Its possible to drink too much (have adverse effects on your health), but not be an alcoholic.0
An alki is an alki because they drink too much. No one made them do it, no mental defect made them do it, they do it because its easier then facing real life.0
Alcohol is legal<SEMCOL> when people say "drug" addiction, the connotation is illicit drugs.1
its very simple. ANYTHING that effects your life or relationships in a bad way, that you can not stop, is considered an addiction. Sincerely Sue.1
There are many IPAs that are stronger than that. Even Ice House makes a beer that is 8%.0
none
none
Someone I knew had lots of charges that he didnt even know about until constables came to get him. So I guess it is possible but they can go to the police station and find it out easily.0
Well, first off, dont be snarky with us. You know you shouldnt be drinking, and its irresponsible, foolish and dangerous. Dont tell us not to tell you to stop drinking, because its what should be said to you. That being said, if you absolutely MUST drink, Whiskey probably isnt a good drink for you. Especially if you vomit easily. (Which you should take as a sign you shouldnt be drinking.) Its a drink thats generally meant to be sipped, savored and enjoyed slowly, not to be downed by teenagers. Either get something that isnt a hard liquor, or stop drinking.Common Sense0
none
none
1&#x2F<SEMCOL>3 of Pimms and 2&#x2F<SEMCOL>3 of berry fruit juice&#x2F<SEMCOL>cranberry juice is good for starters as you can barely taste the pimms:)0
na its happened with a few of my friends. sometimes you just get a bad drunk and spend all night vomiting. just flip her on her side and she should be fine.0
none
It is normal. Its your body telling you that something is missing from your system. If you resist the urge, itll go away in a few weeks or so. But you really gotta stay strong and say no.0
You can put a cheery in if you want, but make sure to either leave out a little water when making them, or dry them off before putting them in (I recommend the second from experience.) My recipe is: 1 box cherry jello 3/4 Cup Hot water 1/4 Cup maraschino cheery juice 1 cup ice cold cherry brandy (put it in the freezer for 30-45 minutes before making them for best results) 30 cherries (put them on paper towels and lightly pat them dry before use) Pour the cherry juice into the bowl, add the hot water, then add the jello mix. Mix thoroughly, then add the cherry brandy. Mix briefly, then quickly pour into the shot cups. Cool for 2 hours before serving. You can also soar the cherries in 1/2 cherry juice, 1/2 brandy for the day before you make them, for an added kick. But dont use it for making the shots later, it isnt as strong.2
You get red because its hot in clubs.0
No, but it will send you back to math class.1
Depends on the drug or alcohol involved. Heroin, crack and meth ul kill ya much quicker than a 6-pack of bud every now and then. Marijuana has killed zero while vodka and liquor kill literally thousands of kids a day from drunk drivers.3
none
Hi Stacey, It sounds like a wine cooler to me, several companies make them so I dont know what brand because I only drink beer.0
on a wild guess its mulling spices http://allrecipes.com/howto/warm-up-with   2
You need to keep out oxygen but it would explode if you stoppered it!. Look up wine making recipes to find out more. Or Cider in the case of apples. And ignore Dave below. It is called home brewing. Millions do it.1
none
Id say no change .... but wed have moonshiners so what we did get our hands on might be more potent.1
No. It didnt work the first time. All prohibition did was increase underground market related crime.12
none
What does she drink and how big is the bottle?0
Pretty sure thats illegal, yeah. She should probably contact the police.0
none
none
none
There are quite a few such anecdotes published in the official publications of groups like Alcoholics Anonymous. The so-called Big Book ("Alcoholics Anonymous") has a whole section consisting of individuals stories about their alcohol abuse, as does every issue of their magazine "Grapevine". You can probably find a lot of this stuff at their website.1
Isnt the point of homework that you do your own research?0
none
Its someone who is addicted to alcohol. Because the are addicted, they drink excessively.///0
everybody even tourist have to wear their ID or passport when not showing this document to a person who is entitled to ask for a valid document can also write you a fine for not showing your ID and telling not your correct name will be added to the first fine. A driver licence is only a valid document that you are allowed to drive the vehicle as specified in the licence in a supermarket you have to show your ID and while you are under the age of 18 you will not get any alcohol drinks the fine for not wearing a valid document like a passport is euro 902
maybe its a psychological issue like stress or depression maybe?0
Not sure what youre asking, but alcohol boils at about 78c, considering the length of time in a slow cooker, there shouldnt be anything left of the vodka but the flavors when its done.0
none
Alcohol dehydrates you by causing you to lose water. So I doubt it would bloat you. However different people can have different reactions to drinking. Do you eat a lot when you drink?0
I reallllyyyyy wanna know how this would go down. Lmao Might try it one day0
none
All of the above.Knowing alcoholics.1
none
none
none
you need to get yourself out of that environment... go see a counselor... a close family member.. there is someone out there that will listen and help. do your best to be able to move forward with your life and also to be able to help your sister as well. stay strong.. just because you were born into that situation it does not determine the way you have to live the rest of your life.0
Id be very worried. No one knows exactly why people become alcoholics, but genetics is thought to be part of it. The other part is probably because if you grow up around alcoholics, you pick up their ways of behaving, and I dont mean just the drinking part of how a person behaves. I mean the emotional patterns, ways of dealing(or not dealing) with things. No one except the alcoholic can say for sure if they are an alcoholic, and of course Im only going on what you have told me, but anyone who has that many blackouts(and behaves in a way that they never would when sober) definitely has a problem. I used to drink a lot when I was younger, but never had a blackout and never did anything outrageous. Blackouts are one of the signs of alcoholism. You can go to the AA website and find the list of questions to ask yourself to see if you are an alcoholic.2
Go to a doctor! Brains arent fully developed until you are 21 (thats why it is the legal age for drinking) You could get brain damage. Dont ever drink again unless you are at least 18! You dont want to ruin your life, do you?0
no0
none
I once brought a bottle of champagne to a restaurant when we celebrated an occasion, but Ive been asked to take it outside the place. Frankly, I understand the reason behind it, and its fair enough.1
none
14 * x + 50 * 20 = 20 * (x + 20) 14x + 1000 = 20x + 400 600 = 6x 100 = x 100 liters0
none
first you stop drinking than you get tested to see what your allergic to, it may not be alcohol but something else used in the drink or just one type of alcohol but allergies tend to get worse each time you get exposed so getting checked out is something you should do right now1
Not the police job or expertise. You get help form a social service agency in your are or simply check for an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in your area and attend. The program helps with alcohol, drugs, gambling and other addiction problems.1
Invest it instead of having it laying around. There are probably banks that have teen type checking accounts that limit daily withdraws and allow for you to put limits.0
Hemiacetal formation is not favored. Acetal formation is accompanied by the formation of water, this can be removed to shift the equilibrium towards the products. These reactions are a great example of the effect of entropy on reactions. This is why cyclic acetal formation is more favorable and why glucoside formation in sugars works so well.0
First, decide what youre asking about. "Alcohol" and "alcoholism" are not the same thing at all.3
Stop worrying & do a wiggle dance to start your day (loosen up) put a smile on & just talk to people. affirmative action>>>>0
There is no US law on this. Each State has its own. For most: Minors are forbidden alcohol and adults are forbidden to provide it or allow them to have it. Exceptions are made for "trivial amounts" consumed in religious ceremonies. Your question seems to be about letting minors drink at home - a crime in most States - even "a glass of wine with dinner."1
Because it often does. There is probably a genetic component. That doesnt mean that everyone who is an alcoholic has alcoholic relatives -- perhaps he or she experienced a genetic mutation -- or that everyone with an alcoholic relative is going to be an alcoholic, too. Its possible for your relatives to carry genes that you do not inherit. But its useful to know that alcoholism runs in families, because if you DO have alcoholic relatives, you will want to be watchful about your own intake.0
it doesnt make difference0
Multiply mass of alchol by the heat of vaporization. Convert units as needed. Divide the energy in the above step by the heat of fusion for water. Convert to grams.0
none
That depends on the type of food. Breads and starches will absorb some of the alcohol, but meats (proteins) will not. The alcohol is absorbed into the bloodstream in the stomach, so eating some foods may slow it down a tad, but in reality, you will eventually get all the alcohol into your system.1
You dont need to repent for small things like this. You never drank it. But in general, dont smell it, because the smell of alcohol, can make you I guess lose a few cells. It can make you dizzy if its strong. So its haram based on the fact that it hurts your head. @Punjabi..np bro2
This has been over a huge span of time. I really wouldnt make it a habit though.0
I hope you are not trying to kill yourself :( Yes, it can kill you, but it is VERY painful.0
Just use the damn wine. The alcohol boils out anyway. Whats left will be less than the measurable amount of ethanol found in orange juice. Non alcoholic wine will work, but just use the real thing.2
Even better... How about a self-destruct mechanism that will destroy the car if the driver blows over the legal limit. I have no sympathy for drunks and dopers who put innocent people at risk by driving drunk or stoned.1
none
A combustion reaction produces CO2 + H2O...the amount of CO2 is dependent on the amount of carbons in the hydrocarbon that is combusted.0
Both and ill.....on too many meds so hardly ever drink alcohol. When I was younger I very nearly became addicted to the stuff...!!1
Neither. It makes me think and think, like a philosopher...! I just get quiet and introvert! Strange, isnt it?!4
Why would you add salt? Isnt the product fouled enough by your use of bakers yeast.? Theoretically, the distillation would remove the salt. And the ATF would remove you to jail.0
no0
Discipline0
none
Talking to people2
yes , --- good luck0
It makes me feel like i can take on any one and confident2
The mother would have to be a heavy drinker for the baby to have all these symptoms.0
Your logic is awful. Even if there was no alcohol in the world people would STILL be getting raped. They are going to do it regardless, drunk or not. So just because someone is drunk, it does not let the rapist off the hook Well, apart from in your mind, apparently.. Jerry- I completely agree with you in the fact that consent cannot be taken back the next day just because they wish they hadnt done it. Thats just absolutely ridiculous thinking. What I wont agree with is people implying that just because someone is drunk, it is their fault if theyre attacked because they got themselves into that state. I know thats not what youre saying, just making myself clear.7
none
It IS safer. Show me ONE, just one article or proof that anyone has ever over-dosed on it. And it IS like alcohol in a way. You get a buzz from it if you just want to use it recreationally. I do use marijuana but I use it in moderation and I dont drive. I know for sure that if my kids wanted to use a recreational drug I would rather it be pot than alcohol. Ive lost too many friends from alcohol-related deaths and none from weed. Pot is ever safer when used with a vaporizer or ingested in food. Do some research and perhaps youll learn a bit more about it. Im not advocating you use it, just giving you some facts. ADD: I do not think anyone under 18 should have access to it. Since the brain is still developing at that age I would advocate for 21 but lets face it, we know what happens when kids go off to college. My children are adults and make their own choices. It was not an issue for them when they were in high school because I was discreet and didnt do it while they were home, not that I owe you an explanation. And btw, I dont really care to persuade you one way or the other. Im just informing you that people who smoke pot can be productive, useful and contributing members of society. So unless you have some research that you can cite and back up your claims, go learn about it.Ive used pot for 4 decades. Im a teacher, a runner, a volunteer so it really hasnt affected me negatively.4
I dont hate anybody. But this isnt a question is it? I wonder what happens next?2
Removed your penis0
Its water and ethanol and usually based on fermented potatoes, grains, etc. Ive even seen corn-based vodka before. Vodka is actually of a Slavic language origin that means Little Water. ... Just an FYI >_>.0
none
none
none
Dont drink then. Simple as that.1
Of course<SEMCOL> I would approve of businesses being able to sell heroin on Sundays as long as it was manufactured to pharmaceutical standards, came with clean needles for injecting and was only available for sale to adults.7
none
"why do you think my hangover wasnt bad" Usually they are not bad the first time, or when you are young. They will get worse over the years, enjoy it while you can. :)2
My father had alcoholism it&#x27<SEMCOL>s a disease that makes your body almost depend on the alcohol the alcohol has so much sugar and drinking too much of it not only effects your brain but also your liver and kidneys if your trying to get sober do not do it on your own because once you stop you will go through a rebound that&#x27<SEMCOL>s when your body has to suddenly adapt to not having the alcohol in their system after you get through rebound there is a chance of damage to your immune system also after the rebound and you are able to stop drinking for a while there is still a extremely high chance of you drinking again and that will most likely be fatal you should look into treatment options before it&#x27<SEMCOL>s too late0
Was everything originally asked on Yahoo Answers Canada?3
As the previous answerer says you or your boyfriend can call her GP and speak about her issues, it may be the thing that needs to be done. It sounds as if she has severe depression and may even need to be hospitalized. She definitely needs to give up the alcohol... No doctor would say it is okay to drink on anti depressants!1
Guess so but a simple suicide like from overdosage.: or hanging yourself or shooting yourself with a gun would be more realistic0
Because alcohol is a depressant.0
none
none
Alcohol lowers inhibition. It affects both sexes.8
none
Horrible idea.I have a brain.0
yeah. it always make me at stupid and not think about the consequences of things. thank goodness i rarely drink.1
Yes it can. That or it will cause permanent damage.0
none
Its cheaper than cocaine.0
no libs will push forward with weed they want people high and want other libs to get their news from comedy central..1
Whatever amount it would take to bail her out of jail if she gets caught, and maybe the loss to the liquor store owner who loses his license and livelihood. I dont know what the exactly dollar amount would be. Oh, add to whatever that amount is, you getting caught drinking underaged.2
none
not if you mix it with vodka0
This was tried in the US from 1920-1933, prohibition. It turned out to be a terrible experiment. It did not stop people from drinking. Instead, many, many people died from bootleg booze, bath tub gin, and drinking de-natured alcohol.3
Alright, taste is always good, but the question is, do you want any depth (kick)? If you do, Id look into cocktails<SEMCOL> Flame of love (Dean Martins personal fav.) How to make it<SEMCOL> http://www.diffordsguide.com/cocktails/r    Margaritas arent too bad either if your looking for taste and just a little kick. To be cheap and a little lazy, if you are, you could just buy liquor with taste<SEMCOL> Disaronno, Malibu Rum, and any type of DeKuyper drinks http://dekuyperusa.com/flavors all have good taste and can be consumed straight without all the flare and recipes and stuff. Hope this helped, bud!I worked with Tom Cruise in Cocktail1
yes thats an alcoholic- hes using alcohol to get wasted, deal with stress, make himself numb etc.0
Write your question as bellow. its ok to drink alcohol for the person who is having chickenpox? what is the side effect of this. Thank you alcohol wont really affect chickenpox unless youre pouring it on your face. however, Nyquil should do the trick. using an ice pack will lessen the itchiness and swelling. try not to itch--it is very easy to cause permanent scarring. if you must itch, dont use your hands directly. put an ice cube directly to the area that is itching till the itch goes away. take ibuprofen for the pain in this situation, not Tylenol.0
none
You could but it can increase bleeding and you most likely will move alot.0
If its a restaurant, they will often have a menu of the alcohol, including beer and specialty cocktails they serve. Drinks like rum and coke (or rum and cherry coke) are very common, as well as screwdrivers, long island ice teas, and shots of different alcohol (vodka, tequila, rum, etc.) Yahoo actually has an article you might find helpful: http://voices.yahoo.com/best-drinks-orde   1
You have to run a lot to make it evaporate. Whats your mileage? I usually do 10km with a liter of Guinness.1
Why bother hiding the alcohol. Just go buy it when you arrive if you are of legal age. If youre not, she has a legal obligation to make sure you students dont do things that are against the law. Shes not stupid, she was young once too and shell check your liquids. By sneaking booze, you could be jeopardizing this womans job. Think twice about this and put yourself in her shoes. She just wants to make sure you are safe and she has to answer to your parents and to the school board. There are lots of other ways you can have a good time.2
its stronger than alcohol, so they get a buzz/drunk from it.1
none
none
none
long island iced tea, a well mixed one just tastes like ice tea, then when youve had a couple you start slurring your words and tripping over your feet.1
20 percent alcohol drink0
none
Expect a longer probation, with an assigned officer. Expect community service in the triple digits. Expect a larger fine. Expect a longer term of probation. They rarely give out jail sentences for such things, it simply isnt worth their money to jail you for this.0
none
Alcohol is a depressant<SEMCOL> so you are just making yourself more and more depressed. If you are constantly depressed, ask your dr. for Sertraline<SEMCOL> its great!!0
none
2 different types of place - a private hall / home - a Licenced premises (has a bar and/or has a licence to sell/serve alcohol) If there was no licence, (and possibly if there was no bar open at any time during the function), then it could be considered private. And someone had brought alcohol (but could not charge anyone for it), then yes - it would be like at home, in all probability. It would also have to be a closed party. Generally, a hall will have a licence, and also you would not be able to hire as an under 18 cannot sign a contract, but yes it could be hire for you So overall, not probably a real situation.0
none
My mom was and i dont distrust anyone sounds like a personal issue0
none
Your Q is......0
You dont ferment alcohol. You ferment sugar to make alcohol. If you drink yeast in water, you wont get the slightest bit drunk because there wont be any alcohol. Please tell your science teacher that you need remedial class.0
rum and coke vodka sprite whiskey sprite (7 and 7)1
none
I think the correlation is more that home ownership is a trait of people that are more forward and future driven, generally more secure in their jobs, and family oriented...and those are all traits that correlate to people that party less and spend less money on alcohol/drugs. Being a home owner does not make them party less, they own a home because they are at stage in life already where they party less.0
1.) Alcohol will inevitably be consumed, at least by those who ARE of legal drinking age or higher. Trouble is when underagers who arent being supervised by their parents think its ok to talk someone older into getting them alcohol. (Or getting it themselves via fake id.) About the on-campus drug culture, I havent seen it personally but it would be naive to think nobody in campus does any drugs, even so-called recreational ones like weed. 2.) Where to start? Drinking games often involve too much alcohol too quickly. Thats irresponsible regardless of age or where its taking place. 3.) Too much alcohol too quickly by someone too immature to care about the consequences. 4.) To a point. I am in college myself (going for my Bachelors) and drink far less than I used to because I am focused on getting my degree. I dont have a problem with someone OF AGE having a couple drinks in their room when they dont have class the next day. The problem is when underage kids, who are not just drinking illegally, but too often irresponsibly, involve others in their childish behaviour. Youd think one who is smart enough to get into college would know about legalities but unfortunately, many dont seem to - or want to. 5.) Yes but students cant do it alone. RAs should do more monitoring, security also needs to do more patrols especially on the weekends. Even professors could do something about it because marijuana in particular is easy to detect by odor and ones behaviour.Being above the legal drinking age and current college student.0
its a toxin0
Thats amazing that you saw it was a problem and stopped drinking. Dont let anyone get to you.. You 100% did the right thing. They just dont understand the trouble that it can cause some people. The truth is they probably will never understand. And you shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t waste any time trying to get them. If there being rude and **** tell them straight up that you dont appreciate the way there acting. Tell other family members who would support you whats going on. Delete them from facebook and any other things some phones and providers offer blocking services. What ever you do, dont to back. This side will always be better no matter what.Someone who has battled addiction for a long time and who is now clean1
none
You can go into any grocery store and buy eggnog. It has no alcohol in it even though Im sure there are people out there that might add something to it. People usually buy it during the Thanksgiving and Xmas holidays since it has become somewhat of a tradition like turkey. Our family just likes it the way it is without any alcohol.0
guns assist violence. alcohol induces it. I would say alcohol is more dangerous.1
The last thing you need to do is be on her level. Yeah she may have done you wrong and spread rumors about you but be the bigger person and just let it go. You do not have to kiss up to her. She might just be going through some problems. Not that it might be any of your business. But I would not wish harm on a baby because I had problems with the parent. It hurts you to have so hard feelings towards another person.1
none
because those that make the laws like it champagne is alcohol0
Id say if you feel the need to "get a buzz" whatever number that is for you on a daily basis and fiend for booze whenever you cant have any for some reason that you may have a problem1
Nah no way0
I think youre having these abandoned feelings because you are no longer the only one helping him. In my opinion it does make sense that the recovering alcoholics would be uncomfortable for a non-alcoholic to go to their meeting. They could feel like you may judge them since you dont understand what its like to be addicted to alcohol. I do not see why it should make him uncomfortable to have you there though. Youve been with him for five years and have seen him in his darkest hours. So he definitely would have no reason to feel uncomfortable about you going. The way I see it, he lied to you. But back to what youre feeling I think it is normal to be feeling unimportant in your situation. He is not being appreciative of your support and effort. Youre absolutely right that in a healthy relationship each of the people makes the other their priority. His attention is not on you but rather on bettering himself so really he is the one being selfish.2
none
none
Same as to day except with much more primitive equipment.0
She cant legally drink at her age regardless of ethniciy, and nor can you. Wait your turn.19 is less than 21.0
I enjoy alcohol. Marijuana just makes me tired.0
1. Check all the bottles if they have expiration dates (some champagnes with sweet taste, for example.) 2. Check prices and choose the cheap ones - those you can donate for free to any of friends who have regular parties. 3. Few expensive ones - keep them in your collection for future events. 4. All the rest ones - every time when someone of your parents friends have party, ask them not to buy alcohol, but choose from your collection. And nobody presents alcohol to doctors in Russia. It must be local tradition of your migrant community.Russian.1
Banning alcohol didnt go well the first time they tried It. Also didnt work Edit--regarding a later answer, there have been people who died from excess water consumption. Too much of anything isnt good --caffeine is a drug too. Just being a "drug" isnt a good enough reason to ban something.2
OK-just drink in moderation.1
This is a defensive mechanism, Luke. Youre emotionally burnt out. Youve been spinning your wheels for 10 years, and you havent seen any progress with your mother. It may help you to understand what your mother is experiencing. Her urge to drink is as strong as the urge that you and I feel when we have to go to the toilet badly. It is an overwhelming, persistent, and ceaseless urge. I suggest you go to Al-Anon. There are meeting throughout England. You can find the meeting times and locations by going to www.al-anon.alateen.org/meetings/meeti    I was a psychology paraprofessional in the alcoholism unit at Marcy Psychiatric Center in Marcy, NY many years ago. By the way, Luke, I love your English accent. Cordially, Sean0
Your tastes change through out the years. I hated beer when I first started drinking and now I love it. You have to develop a taste for it. Some people do and some dont.0
Some or possibly all alcohol contains sulfa. Some have more sulfa than others.Some people are allergic to sulfa and will swell and break out with hives. I am pretty sure that vodka is high in sulfates. So that is probably your problem.0
none
the underlying bi-polar disorder.0
i dont smoke or do drugs but im not always happy either0
Dude wtf0
Heres a better idea: Avoid consuming alcohol while underaged and you wont have to worry. If the offense already occured, its up to a judge. But why do something you know is illegal?1
none
5.1% alcohol in 6 cans is 30.6% and 40% vodka so 70% alcohol the fluid ounces dont matter, the percentage of alcohol is the percentage of alcohol. what youre asking is how much actual alcohol is present in your mix 70% of (6x12) + 17 +12= 70% of 101 = roughly 70 fluid ounces enough to get you plenty mashed for the weekendbasic math0
none
none
none
No, theyre not likely to be lenient. They use a dry campus as a selling point for parents.0
Alcohol is not a carcinogen .The secondary effects of alcohol like liver changes indirectly may cause cancer that too very late .1
none
Contains 200 Mg of Trans Resveratrol might as well shop around for a better price. 12 grams of Res per bottle for $20 is expensive.1
If there is even a small chance you could go to jail for drinking its a really bad idea. Everyone is different so its impossible to answer with any certainty.1
none
Most of us were brought up being mentally conditioned to believe that drugs are bad, mkay.4
none
none
you get drunk. Your body reacts no differently than a 30 year old.2
not as long as you are doing it responsibly. I think that these sort so f things should be taught to children by their parents. If you set a good example and show them that alcohol can be used responsibly, I think it is a good thing.2
none
none
It shouldn&#x27<SEMCOL>t if you used isopropyl alcohol0
My cousin and her father are allergic to alcohol.0
none
none
none
Smoke weed2
none
It could take over over 12 hours, maybe longer. It depends on how much you had to drink. I know some people who had drinks at night time and they were still over the legal limit 12 - 15 hours later when the Police did a breath test on them. Be careful and maybe not drink at all to be totally sober and safe.0
Try some Kentucky Bourbon.2
Probably not. Go to the AA web site where youll find a "test" with which you can evaluate your situation.1
To TexHabs, not all people break the law for appeal. Many people break the law because they like doing that activity period. Illegal or not.0
none
A glass of red wine with dinner everyday is extremely good for you. Here you go http:&#x2F<SEMCOL>&#x2F<SEMCOL>bit.ly&#x2F<SEMCOL>1gD7cNN0
none
Ive never heard a single person claim smoking pot was demonic. Lying for your agenda is still lying.6
Between a half and a bottle of vodka a day. I like vodka.0
none
No. Why should they?2
Marijuana can be but not always. It&#x27<SEMCOL>s still someone&#x27<SEMCOL>s choice to take it further. Honestly it&#x27<SEMCOL>s surprising a stoner went shopping outside their own. They don&#x27<SEMCOL>t like this kind of drama. I smoke weed but am not so into harder drugs. When I was younger I drank but that fell away over time. You can&#x27<SEMCOL>t expect her to be completely straight edge either. If you want her to stop you are going to have to still let her do it all occasionally. Completely cut her off and she will get bored fast.1
none
no, but I assume she lied about her age, you can inform on her & she will lose her job, is that what you want? I did the same thing many years ago - worked in a pub underage - did me no harm, or anyone else...1
It sounds to me as though you need a new boyfriend. He obviously loves drink more than he loves you.4
MPs do it1
No their to drunk to know.0
none
none
none
none
none
none
What do you mean, how could this be possible...? Did you want a different result? Anyways, you arent supposed to take alcohol and medicine together because yes, first they usually dont mix and the chemicals from each could react inside of your body and cause something really bad... Its very unpredictable what could happen to you, which is the second reason. I wouldnt suggest you do this again with ANY pills or medication because it really can be dangerous and honestly, I think you got lucky considering you took 13 pills in the first place. Thats not usually the norm, and depending on what the pills are for they have different reactions with alcohol. You could also overdose from taking 13 pills alone, depending on what pills youre talking about. So, how could this be possible? Maybe just good luck, or you just werent meant to leave yet... Or maybe the two really are safe together. I guess youll have to do some scientific research on that one. In the mean time, Id really recommend not doing this again, because the results could be irreversible and fatal, and I hope that isnt what you want. Please for your own sake, dont mix ANY kinds of pills or medication together with alcohol unless youre directed to by a medical doctor ( which I doubt any would recommend to mix the two,) or unless it is absolutely life threatening and essential that you do (and I hope youre never put in that position). The main point is be responsible with the things you have available to you and if something is said to be dangerous, just because you get away with it once does NOT mean you will again... I know of plenty stories of people who mixed the two and got bad results, and I really hope you never have to be in that position.1
1 cup boiling water or juice* 1 small box jello (3 oz.)    cup vodka    cup flavored liqueur/ schnapps/ pucker** Dissolve jello in 1 cup of boiling water. Remove from heat. Add the vodka and liqueur. Pour jello mixture in to your Jellinator and fill your shot cups. Refrigerate until set (approximately 3-4 hours).0
Vodka and tomato juice1
The only reason Id be looking down on it, would be because Im high.4
none
none
It depends how much you drink. If you are indeed an alcoholic, you will experience some very severe withdrawal when you stop drinking alcohol. This is because alcohol replaces the naturally occurring GABA in the brain and produced synthetic GABA. You brain eventually stops producing its own GABA because it has an influx of GABA from the alcohol. Take away the alcohol and your brain is left without the GABA it is used to having. It cannot start producing natural GABA immediately, and this can cause a seizure and even death. If you are an alcoholic or physically dependent on alcohol, you need to go to a detox center in your area to come off of alcohol, or work very closely with a doctor. You will be prescribed certain drugs (depending on where you go for help). This will either be a barbiturate or a benzodiazepine. It is necessary that you are monitored while going thorough the detox process because you can have strokes, heart attacks, sizers, panic attacks, vomiting, etc. It is not a pretty process.3
none
none
Are you speaking of those who died from alcohol poisonijng because they used dirty contaminated distilled ethyl or sometimes isopropy alcohol and bath tub or wash tubs gin ? Many died of liver poisoning due to the toxicity of the alcohol and the fermented yeast which were brought at the grocery store which were used hazarously bercause of the dirty contamination of the equipment. Those who did not die or suffered neurological problems( tremors, seizures, and paralysis) were often lost their eyesight due to the blindness. Around 8-15,00 became blinded, paralysis or death<SEMCOL> as well as the babies who were subjected to alcohol fetal syndrome which were really unheard of or were in the infant stages of research in the 1930 s. The properly distiled alcohol were distributed from Canada as well as from the factories and thwe distilleries in the Mid Western states,- Kentucky, Tenneesee, and Colorado and idaho were the prohibition laws did not apply or they refused to acknowledge the Prohibition. just as many people died not only from alcohol poisoning but alternative motives and manufacturing of other types of alcohol such as dandelion alcohol, plum alcohol, wildberry alcohol and the dangerous mushroom wine. Some of the mushrooms processed turned out to be unknown species wjhich looked like the real thing used for alcohol making and cooking but they were different and poisoneous.Prohibition 1929-19331
Hello, Sounds like you have a lot going on with the family to be so young. I would listen to your moms advice. Else you will go to jail. Its not worth it. Just try to avoid trouble and stay cler and clean as you can. The less you get involved the more it sounds like you will be out of trouble. So, just be safe and think before you act and I think you will be fine. As for your dad, he is your dad, unforunately he is an alcoholic and that neabs he has troubles that he cabnnot handle.So, dont hate him. he need s help, but you cannot help him. He has to want to help himself and get treatment for his addiction. I wish you the best.0
none
A passport is a valid ID. However, that doesnt obligate the store to sell you alcohol.0
I would recommend you to try the king of the fruit, durian to infuse in your alcohol. Durian itself has alcohol and with vodka etc, it blast you off &#x27<SEMCOL>1
weeds far healthier1
none
none
Not a Good Idea. Never mix alchohol with Pills. Especially Hydrocodone. Since you took it last week, you have nothing to worry about.0
none
I dont know, but if sinners were not allowed in church wouldnt all churches be empty?8
none
none
if your 9 years old and in college then your a genius so have all the vodka you want you can afford to lose a few brain cells1
none
Interaction with oxygen in air causes it to oxidize to acetic acid which is vinegar. It is toxic above a certain level in the blood. Yeast continuously produce ethanol as they feed on the sugars in the liquid. As long as sugars are there they will keep producing ethanol until they are killed off by it. Thats carbon dioxide. Another product of the reaction as sugars are broken down. It removes the more volatile ethanol with some water and that makes concentrated ethanol.0
You should have received instructions about this. Generally speaking, youre not supposed to eat or drink anything for at least 8-12 hours prior to any interventional procedure (including surgery).2
none
none
Youre almsot right. It increases RE-productivity....2
throw them in the freezer0
none
none
none
Had too much and want to start all over?2
99.9% of the time - yes they are0
none
Its entirely possible, if your state considers that an offense where suspension of your license is required.1
none
none
none
Across the world, or in one counrtry? And actually you should treat any statistic with caution, since many people might die of alcohol abuse and the cause of death might be registerd as the immediate disease which killed them, rather than the fact that alcohol abuse had rendered them weak and thus likely to fall victim to any illness. Similarly a tired driver who had had a small drink, then crashed killing himself might be noted as a victim of alcohol rather than tiredness. If your psychology lecturer does not take such matters into account then he/she should not be teaching at that level.1
none
none
Keep on telling yourself you don&#x27<SEMCOL>t need this thing to live.Repetition is key to everything also.For example,when people want to loose weight they repeat the cycle of excercising and dieting everyday.Also,distract yourself from this addiction by replacing it with something else for a while,good luck :)0
If youre being completely truthful....youll be fine.MD0
Not being around it helps. Think of all the money and brain cells youre saving instead of waisting.0
none
none
No idea but if you start drinking alcohol due to their peer pressure and stuff. Youd be self degrading yourself. I drink alcohol rarely and when i do its in moderation. Just lump them in the face if they keep on proper nice and hard lumping3
They loved the increased tourism. Old joke (1920s, I think): The ads said, "Drink Canada Dry." and many people tried to do just that.0
What "dry country"? If you mean something like Saudi Arabia you might end up in jail.2
none
none
Forget hypothetical, strictly speaking...IT COULD KILL YOU. Last year over 21,000 people in the U.S ended up in the hospital after drinking power drinks. I wouldnt recommend shots of Everclear either. Too much at one time can give you alcohol poisoning and kill you too.2
none
Dont worry!!0
none
none
Just drink captain and coke or get some cheap whiskey and just drink straight you will feel it. Or try some bacardi 151 and take a few double shots that will be fun. whatever you do DO NOT drink a Four LoKo EVER NEVER they give you the worst hangover ever and are almost gauranteed to make you puke your brains out. Good luckDrinker1
none
Your mom is an alcoholic, yes. You should definitely talk to your school counselor. It might be awkward, but if you cant talk to your mom, you should to to your counselor before the police. If he/she cant help, go down to the police station and talk with them, but dont call 911 about it. If you call 911 you might block as call about a fire or something serious that needs help immediately. And yes Alateen is a good choice. The whole reason theyre there if for people like you and your mom. Good luck!0
Youre not an alcoholic<SEMCOL> alcoholics go to meetings. But you may be becoming a drunk.0
none
none
Neither really. Alcohol makes me really sick, but weed always brings on anxiety for me. I also find it really hard to smoke, like physically, I always choke. The last time I smoked weed, my friend said jokingly to me, while I coughed and spluttered and cried, "I dont think youre meant for bad things" :P1
First of all, most alcoholics promise to stop about a million times before they actually stop. So dont think that he isnt listening to you about this, it is common in all alcoholics. It is because the have become alcohol dependent and quitting is psychologically hard and depending on how much he drinks, may be physically very painful. If he drinks the way I used to drink, he needs to go to detox and rehab to quit. If he just stops he could have heart attack, a seizure, or die. For example if he drinks 20 beers a day he would need to go to detox to safely come off of the alcohol. If he drinks 10 beers a day he will be in ALOT of pain but probably could detox himself at home (not very wise or safe, but possible). If you two live together and only your name is on the lease or the mortgage this will be easier for you. If he has his mail delivered there (in my state NC it is this way) you may have to have him served with an eviction notice. You would go to the police department or the magistrate for this. A police officer will probably deliver it to him. He will have (in my state 30 days) x amount of days to vacate the residence. This should be a last resort. If he doesnt know the laws you may be able to get him out faster. You simply need to tell him that his drinking hasnt stopped and you want something else out of life and it is time he moved. He will put up a fight- alcoholics HATE this. Hopefully, the threat of the police will work in this case. When he refuses you say that you will be calling the police to have him escorted off the property. If he still refuses to leave, then call the cops. The cops will come, they will inform you what you have to do to have him removed from the property. Then you do this. If he hits you or threatens you leave and call the police and report this- that will get him out quickly and get you a temporary restraining order. Then I would call him parents and explain to them why you had to ask him to leave and suggest to them that he enter into a detox (there are many state supported and private detoxes around). He would do this by first going to the ER and explaining to the Triage Nurse that he is an alcoholic and he is coming off of alcohol. (When I would explain this I was tarn back immediately and didnt have to wait). If you want to try something else first, then give him an alternative, tell him he has to go to treatment or he has to leave. Depending on how bad his drinking is he may just need outpatient therapy and AA/ meetings. Whatever you do, DO NOT GIVE HIM ANOTHER CHANCE to quit/slow down the drinking. This WILL NOT WORK EVER!!!!! I would also recommend you go to Alanon. This is a program that is 12step based and helps people who have become co-dependent on an alcoholic, even if you never see this man again in your life, you have been enabling him and are somewhat co-depedent with him. You could benefit greatly from these meetings because they will help teach you boundaries and understand that what has been happening is not your fault.0
none
Yes. You can inherit a high tolerance. Just do not go about being stupid and thinking you can survive everything until your liver fails and you die. Just saying.3
none
none
You might be alcohol intolerant- Asians are often intolerant to alcohol and dairy - so it is not that uncommon. Club soda with a twist - no cal and it looks like a vodka tonic.2
Drink to get drunk, dont have on drink. Your school isnt going to test you, even if they do alcohol can be detected in 24 hours/ 5 days with EtG. You dont get a hangover from 1 drinks it takes a lot to get a haveonger. Its illegal but if everyone stays at your place, who the hell is going to know ( except for us). For me i didnt drink until college, except for wine on special holidays and a few parties, imo small amounts is fine not matter what the law says, if you look at Europe and the US, while teens have drinking problems everywhere its less in Europe cause they teach responsiblity early instead of your 21 go wild. Poke smot !2
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
x is the amount to be added 20 x + 25(6) =21(x+6) x = 24 oz of 20% solution1
I dont believe so, since the body is functioning for long without the substance the cravings would subside. However, inducing comas for that long is really costly, as well as dangerous, as there can be no guarantee that they would wake up at all.0
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
Depends on what you want. If you want a beer, I like Blue Moon (especially with the orange slice!). Its citrusy and not overpowering. I also like hard apple cider (like Woodchucks). Some of the craft beers are good too. Wines: I like sweet or earthy wines. Dry wines seem too harsh for me. Vodka and cranberry juice is also yummy, and you cant taste the vodka, so thats a bonus<SEMCOL> just be careful how much you drink of it!1
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
none
hes a "recovered" alcoholic! an alcoholic is one who cannot control his drinking WHEN he drinks!5
none
none
Parents need to be emotionally available to their kids. Parents should to 100% sober with kids, especially before, during and after family dinner.3
none
none
none
Unless you were acting like an idiot, the cop would make you pour them out and then get on to the many, many more important issues he/she has to deal with.0
Not at all sure what this has to do with R & S and what does it have to do with underage drinking? And why target only Latinos? Sounds like a put down of a culture to me. Suggest you take it down before it is reported.1
Alcohol is one of the most dangerous and deadly drugs.5
none
Amstel lager, Heineken, Savannah and anything all people drink.0
Your basic premise is racist . . . you know that dont you? Your p.s. further proves this. Look, you try to cater to "black folks" taste and you raise the question, "Why do you think we dont like what you drink?" Are you going to pull your pants down to where your boxers show that evening? You gonna pass around a tray of chittlins and watermelon? Asking this question is kind of like that. When I go to someones house, I am offered what they have on hand to offer and I accept or decline. If I was in Italy, I would expect some Italian wine. If I was drinking beer in Germany, I would expect German beer. Serve what you usually drink..Avoid an embarrassment for your daughter. Now if your daughter knows of PERSOL FAVORITES of some of the guests thats different.1
none
none
You did the right thing to leave her. For one if she was not willing to stop drinking for you then obviously alcohol meant more to her, second you have kids! You do not under any circumstances need your kids around that. She obviously has been going to a lot of bars and drinks and drives a lot which is illegal. For one you have to realize she could of cheated on you at any point in the relationship if she was drunk and made out with another guy and she could still be doing that. Drinking is not who someone is, when someone says that their bullshitting cause drinking is a choice and a bad one. You were right in every way to leave her and should keep it that way. Move on and find someone who deserves a good guy like you who doesnt drink as much or not at all. Good luck!1
none
none
Well if its true, there are tons of people breaking the rules. I have seen people on live cooking TV shows that have drank on TV and said. Oh, thats real and took another drink.1
Rubbing Alcohol is all that you need. 24K gold is actually very soft, so do not put it in a flame (the higher the Karat, the softer the gold). Clean your ears with rubbing alcohol before you do it, too. Once in, swab the piercing on each side about 3 times a day and twirl your earring to ensure that its not sticking to any scabbing from the wound.0
none
Eat a lot of butter and some honey. But why drink in the first place ? Peer pressure ?0
Oh come on. I suffer from fibromyalgia. You can deal with that little pain. Americans and their painkillers for freaking anything.0
I dont make jailhouse hootch but I do make beer. Why dont you just use yeast? Yeast is available in the baking section of grocery stores.0
Consider that your employer , clients and neighbors just might not appreciate your being chemically dependent . BTW , you are free to tell whoever you want . The anonymous part is that the group maintains anonymity ,,,, that is to say you dont go around telling others who is in your group .Friend of Bill3
none
none
none
Its karma for drinking too much as a child. In no language is 15 equal to or greater than 21. Please consult with your doctor or preferably your liver. Then get started on writing your will.0
none
none
My guess is Vodka, never fails.0
where are you from0
Syndicated crime began to sell bootleg whiskey. Many people got sick and some died because some of the bootleg was poisonous. Crime syndicates became very wealthy from the sale of illegal booze in Speak Easys which were hidden underground bars. Mobs developed and many people were killed in the streets when gun battles broke out against rival mob bosses. Many police men were killed trying to bring law and order.1
Dont risk it. your baby could be born with Faetal Alcohol Syndrome and this will cause mental health issues for he/she. time to forget what you like doing and face the responsibility you have for this baby.1
women &gt<SEMCOL>_&gt<SEMCOL>0
He wont die, not even close. Hell go to sleep and his blood pressure will drop2
none
you have a great future in religious teaching, since youve already mastered the art of making crap up and then insisting that some god thing said so. really, youve come a long way toward becoming a well known preacher.1
Tobacco is the gateway drug. Most heroin addicts dont smoke pot, but they do smoke cigarettes0
Gangsters and mobsters took over the brewing distillation and trafficking of liquor. They fought among each other and they bribed and murdered officials, police etc.0
Ask a doctor or something.....but I think its a little too early right now. Wait for a month.0
The more you drink, the more you CAN drink. If you do a drug every day, it takes more of that drug to get you high. Your tolerance has gone up.0
Yes, it is normal. Some like to drink spirits slowly to savour the taste like a fine wine, but majority will tell you that shots taste no good regardless of what it is. Its why we have mixed drinks. Dillute the bad spirit flavour while getting alcohol. Vodka is my favourite spirit to have in drinks, and I even hate that straight.0
Its hard to say whether she is an alcholic or not.It sounds like she is using alchohol as a crutch to get by or maybe she does just have trouble sleeping.Does she drink alone?Have u found hidden bottles.If she made u late for work because alchohol was more important to her than your job then that is a sign of dependency or selfishness.She may be going through a tough time emotionally at the moment so try and be there as a sympathetic ear and hopefully she wont rely on alchohol to get her through.If it does get worse or you feel its bad now u will have to bring the subject up with her otherwise it may ruin your relationship.AA or seeing a counsellor is a good place to start.Have a look in the phone book for numbers.Tell her you are really worried about her and the relationship and she may open up to u about whats really going on.If she says again that it helps her sleep and brushes u off you may have to start delivering some ultimatums.Alchoholism is a disease that is very hard to cure on your own so she will need professional help if she is indeed an alchoholic.Goodluck and trust your gut instincts about the drinking and where u think the relationship is headed0
If one naively applies the rule that if the carbon the OH is bonded to has two carbons bonded to it then it is secondary, then it is secondary. Sorry the answers so inelegant.1
none
none
It makes no difference 0% although Im aware of what alcohol is it doesnt impact my life.2
none
none
yes0
tobacco0
The alcohol is SUPPOSED to be cooked off. Youre not supposed to get drunk from the food you eat.1
yes1
none
none
It is your choice. It sounds like you still want some but to a point you are not sick. You will need to decide not to drink. It does not sound like you have decided not to drink. Get some help & stick with it. It is your choice though. Stop it or keep drinking.0
none
none
Im just kinda bullshitting here, but from what I was told about it. It focuses your mind on one thing, So with drinking it focuses you on drinking more and how drunk you are.0
Water :)2
none
Pippin is right. My lactation consultant said the same thing. If youre sober your milk is fine. Theres no need to waste any via pump and dump. (And to prevent anything effecting your supply) I would nurse or pump - which ever you normally do- prior to going out for dinner. That way you wont risk engorgement too if youre out for a longer period of time than you normally go in between feedings with baby at home.1
is your booze out of date if so scotland is the best place to drink and turn homo0
none
none
none
Yeah I do. Some drinks are really good plus you get drunk so it&#x27<SEMCOL>s a bonus.0
Logic and US law do not go together.1
none
alcohol may knock you out. However it disturbs your sleep cycle no joke here. After a while youll build tolerance, drink more and that will medicate yourself into later the next afternoon and youll mess up your life. By by work ethic friends except alcoholics. Please control it or quit now, 3 of 6 of the folks that i have know have destroyed futures and lost more than you can imagine because they made alcohol a center of their lives.0
Yes. You can also be fired because you smell like bubble gum, or because the Red Sox lost.2
The anti-abortion rednecks are also heavy drinkers.4
You may drink what you like in your own room, but at the pool, they may frown upon bringing bottled drinks in, especially glass bottles around a pool. You might want to repackage the drinks into plastic cups or something.2
ive never had alcohol :)2
none
Lots of people wish it still had alcohol content thankfully it doesnt after the cooking process is over its all dissipated.2
none
A massive epidemic of sobriety. Fortunately, FDR discovered a cure.0
none
none
none
Smirnoff Ice is good, it&#x27<SEMCOL>s around 5% varying on flavor, also beer of course which is around 7-9%.0
none
Camels humps are designed to store water not alcohol...so im going to say no.0
none
none
Yup0
It demonstrated very convincingly that a society cannot legislate morality.0
Think about how drug abuse is often fatal (overdose) and how alcohol abuse destroys peoples livers, brains, lives, their families also often innocent victims.0
yes0
Moderation.0
none
Because prohibition clearly worked wonders. Underground black markets and the gang epidemic...yeah. Lets ban alcohol again.2
none
Any sorts of fruit juice.0
Just going by my experience<SEMCOL> when I was your age I felt the same way. Im older now and dont care for any of the above, as well as a lot of people I know. However some do not grow out of it. Then again I knew a lot of people in my 20s who did not partake. I guess its your way of relieving stress. Maybe try exercise or running as a stress relief.0
my friend with borderline personality disorder is always getting new medications. shes had a problem with alcohol, heroin and benzos,,, Im afraid shes still using at least a substantial amount of alcohol. With her Effexor, an antidepressant also used for anxiety, she was prescribed Neaurontin (gabapentin). I am so afraid of an overdose, especially with the alcohol. She has a history of suicide attempts. The gapapentin MG adds up to about 12,000 MG, probably more. If she were to take the whole bottle, with alcohol, is it lethal? As in, will she die? Or will she just sleep it off? That is, taken with alcohol. please, someone who knows this medication help me!!!!!!! p/s excuse any misspells thanks0
Uneducated stupid people tend to be uneducated and stupid.1
All their margaritas are really good! They use basic margarita mix and just add flavored syrup to them. Raspberry is really good, but my absolute favorite one is their blended mango margarita !its to die for! :)0
It definitely IS a problem. One hallmark of alcoholism is using it to self medicate. Get some help before you ruin your future. Adolescence is hard, but that poison is not the way to deal with it.0
none
Try replacing alcohol with something else like ice cappacino or other really good drink. And yes you shouldnt drink too much alcohol or else itll keep releasing excessive amount of toxins in youre liver causing liver damage. You wouldnt want that, now would you...?0
nobody can help him until he is ready to sign himself into a drug rehab program until then he cant be helped a large percentage of people with problems never seek assistance until they have destroyed the relationship they are in sad to say0
i believe so cigarettes an alcohol are huge for this economy2
none
none
I think the bit that says "10 drug" IS testing for drugs of abuse.0
He probably does feel healthy because for a long time, even years, you dont notice any sickness and then all of a sudden you get really sick with no warning that its going to happen beforehand - but not feeling sick (yet) is the only truth he is telling you.. Non alcoholics dont go to the shop, pick up a nice bottle of chardonnay and then stick it under blankets for safe keeping. First Rule of Alcoholics: lie and deny. Second Rule of Alcoholics: make it somebody elses fault. Third Rule of Alcoholics: repeat rules one and two as necessary. You cant help him and dont bother trying, he has to help himself, some do and change and then some dont. They all know deep down there is a problem or they wouldnt hide alcohol.0
let x = amount of 10% solution, then the remaining volume of the resultant solution (200-x) came from the 30% solution, So 0.10x + 0.30(200-x) = 200(0.22) solve for x to get x = 80 ml of 10% solution and 200 - 80 = 120 ml of 30% solution0
none
Id say it should be 16 for each<SEMCOL> buying cigarettes in this country used to be set at 16 and we were fine with that0
none
none
200 proof (= 100%ABV) is the highest it can be, and even that is largely theoretical as pure ethanol is very volatile and wont stay very long. In practice the stuff sold as pure alcohol for medical etc. purposes is usually around 90-95%.0
none
none
none
Havent touched a drug.. Plan on never either
After your fast before you drink, eat bread with allot of butter on it idk if that&#x27<SEMCOL>s allowed when fading but you said water fast either way you will be dehydrated so it will come quicker and your hangover will be pretty bad0
Well, smoking weed predates Christianity, so if you want to rethink that, it shoukd be if Christians did not shove their morality down everyones throats at one point in history, wouldnt we all be so much happier?0
Yea thats cause your liver is messed up it don&#x27<SEMCOL>t take much to get acetaminophen poisoning I&#x27<SEMCOL>ve had it before from percocets and t3s and I wasn&#x27<SEMCOL>t even drinking with them it was hell very painful and for a while if I ever took a Tylenol my liver would burn and feel painful. Don&#x27<SEMCOL>t be dumb like I was I could&#x27<SEMCOL>ve died I&#x27<SEMCOL>m very lucky to be alive but lucky your liver is strong and has the ability to heal itself over time when u give it a chance to0
none
none
none
none
none
The security rules apply to purchases made elsewhere. That means > most < airports wont let you go from flight to flight carrying a liquid or gel (it could be shampoo) in excess of the amount allowed by airport security. The only way to keep the alcohol in most cases is if you can put it in your checked luggage, which you of course do not have access to by the time you are at the duty free shop after passport control.3
Its a sign that you are drinking to much alcohol if it still shows in your eyes the next day!0
Both of you are stupid. Theres no such thing as a liberal muslim. You either do the things obligatory on you and avoid things which are forbidden or you dont. You dont have the right to make something that is haram halal or vice versa.1
Neither. Unless drug/alcohol addict is paying for him/herself. Enough keep druggy drunky people on taxpayers dimes. We already overtaxed and country in huge debt.0
It alters the parents minds. If the baby needs them and their messed up its not going to get the best care!!!! Plus drugs and alcohol is expensive so that<APO>s taking away from it as well